# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 14 Dec 2021
### 1.DenseGAP: Graph-Structured Dense Correspondence Learning with Anchor Points  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06910.pdf)
>  Establishing dense correspondence between two images is a fundamental computer vision problem, which is typically tackled by matching local feature descriptors. However, without global awareness, such local features are often insufficient for disambiguating similar regions. And computing the pairwise feature correlation across images is both computation-expensive and memory-intensive. To make the local features aware of the global context and improve their matching accuracy, we introduce DenseGAP, a new solution for efficient Dense correspondence learning with a Graph-structured neural network conditioned on Anchor Points. Specifically, we first propose a graph structure that utilizes anchor points to provide sparse but reliable prior on inter- and intra-image context and propagates them to all image points via directed edges. We also design a graph-structured network to broadcast multi-level contexts via light-weighted message-passing layers and generate high-resolution feature maps at low memory cost. Finally, based on the predicted feature maps, we introduce a coarse-to-fine framework for accurate correspondence prediction using cycle consistency. Our feature descriptors capture both local and global information, thus enabling a continuous feature field for querying arbitrary points at high resolution. Through comprehensive ablative experiments and evaluations on large-scale indoor and outdoor datasets, we demonstrate that our method advances the state-of-the-art of correspondence learning on most benchmarks.      
### 2.Hallucinating Pose-Compatible Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06909.pdf)
>  What does human pose tell us about a scene? We propose a task to answer this question: given human pose as input, hallucinate a compatible scene. Subtle cues captured by human pose -- action semantics, environment affordances, object interactions -- provide surprising insight into which scenes are compatible. We present a large-scale generative adversarial network for pose-conditioned scene generation. We significantly scale the size and complexity of training data, curating a massive meta-dataset containing over 19 million frames of humans in everyday environments. We double the capacity of our model with respect to StyleGAN2 to handle such complex data, and design a pose conditioning mechanism that drives our model to learn the nuanced relationship between pose and scene. We leverage our trained model for various applications: hallucinating pose-compatible scene(s) with or without humans, visualizing incompatible scenes and poses, placing a person from one generated image into another scene, and animating pose. Our model produces diverse samples and outperforms pose-conditioned StyleGAN2 and Pix2Pix baselines in terms of accurate human placement (percent of correct keypoints) and image quality (Frechet inception distance).      
### 3.HVH: Learning a Hybrid Neural Volumetric Representation for Dynamic Hair Performance Capture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06904.pdf)
>  Capturing and rendering life-like hair is particularly challenging due to its fine geometric structure, the complex physical interaction and its non-trivial visual appearance.Yet, hair is a critical component for believable avatars. In this paper, we address the aforementioned problems: 1) we use a novel, volumetric hair representation that is com-posed of thousands of primitives. Each primitive can be rendered efficiently, yet realistically, by building on the latest advances in neural rendering. 2) To have a reliable control signal, we present a novel way of tracking hair on the strand level. To keep the computational effort manageable, we use guide hairs and classic techniques to expand those into a dense hood of hair. 3) To better enforce temporal consistency and generalization ability of our model, we further optimize the 3D scene flow of our representation with multi-view optical flow, using volumetric ray marching. Our method can not only create realistic renders of recorded multi-view sequences, but also create renderings for new hair configurations by providing new control signals. We compare our method with existing work on viewpoint synthesis and drivable animation and achieve state-of-the-art results. Please check out our project website at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ziyanw1.github.io/hvh/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.The whole and the parts: the MDL principle and the a-contrario framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06853.pdf)
>  This work explores the connections between the Minimum Description Length (MDL) principle as developed by Rissanen, and the a-contrario framework for structure detection proposed by Desolneux, Moisan and Morel. The MDL principle focuses on the best interpretation for the whole data while the a-contrario approach concentrates on detecting parts of the data with anomalous statistics. Although framed in different theoretical formalisms, we show that both methodologies share many common concepts and tools in their machinery and yield very similar formulations in a number of interesting scenarios ranging from simple toy examples to practical applications such as polygonal approximation of curves and line segment detection in images. We also formulate the conditions under which both approaches are formally equivalent.      
### 5.VL-Adapter: Parameter-Efficient Transfer Learning for Vision-and-Language Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06825.pdf)
>  Recently, fine-tuning language models pre-trained on large text corpora have provided huge improvements on vision-and-language (V&amp;L) tasks as well as on pure language tasks. However, fine-tuning the entire parameter set of pre-trained models becomes impractical since the model size is growing rapidly. Hence, in this paper, we introduce adapter-based parameter-efficient transfer learning techniques to V&amp;L models such as VL-BART and VL-T5. We evaluate our methods in a unified multi-task setup on four diverse V&amp;L tasks: VQAv2, GQA, NLVR2 , and MSCOCO image captioning. With careful training and thorough experiments, we benchmark three popular adapter-based methods (Adapter, Hyperformer, Compacter) against the standard full fine-tuning and the recently proposed prompt-tuning approach. We also enhance the efficiency and performance of adapters by sharing their weights to attain knowledge across tasks. Our results demonstrate that training the adapter with the weight-sharing technique (4.4% of total parameters) can match the performance of fine-tuning the entire model. Lastly, we present a comprehensive analysis including the combination of adapter and task-specific prompts and the impact of V&amp;L pre-training on adapters. Our code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ylsung/VL_adapter" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 6.Tracking and Long-Term Identification Using Non-Visual Markers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06809.pdf)
>  Our objective is to track and identify mice in a cluttered home-cage environment, as a precursor to automated behaviour recognition for biological research. This is a very challenging problem due to (i) the lack of distinguishing visual features for each mouse, and (ii) the close confines of the scene with constant occlusion, making standard visual tracking approaches unusable. However, a coarse estimate of each mouse's location is available from a unique RFID implant, so there is the potential to optimally combine information from (weak) tracking with coarse information on identity. <br>To achieve our objective, we make the following key contributions: (a) the formulation of the identification problem as an assignment problem (solved using Integer Linear Programming), and (b) a novel probabilistic model of the affinity between tracklets and RFID data. The latter is a crucial part of the model, as it provides a principled probabilistic treatment of object detections given coarse localisation. Our approach achieves 77% accuracy on this identification problem, and is able to reject spurious detections when the animals are hidden.      
### 7.GCNDepth: Self-supervised Monocular Depth Estimation based on Graph Convolutional Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06782.pdf)
>  Depth estimation is a challenging task of 3D reconstruction to enhance the accuracy sensing of environment awareness. This work brings a new solution with a set of improvements, which increase the quantitative and qualitative understanding of depth maps compared to existing methods. Recently, a convolutional neural network (CNN) has demonstrated its extraordinary ability in estimating depth maps from monocular videos. However, traditional CNN does not support topological structure and they can work only on regular image regions with determined size and weights. On the other hand, graph convolutional networks (GCN) can handle the convolution on non-Euclidean data and it can be applied to irregular image regions within a topological structure. Therefore, in this work in order to preserve object geometric appearances and distributions, we aim at exploiting GCN for a self-supervised depth estimation model. Our model consists of two parallel auto-encoder networks: the first is an auto-encoder that will depend on ResNet-50 and extract the feature from the input image and on multi-scale GCN to estimate the depth map. In turn, the second network will be used to estimate the ego-motion vector (i.e., 3D pose) between two consecutive frames based on ResNet-18. Both the estimated 3D pose and depth map will be used for constructing a target image. A combination of loss functions related to photometric, projection, and smoothness is used to cope with bad depth prediction and preserve the discontinuities of the objects. In particular, our method provided comparable and promising results with a high prediction accuracy of 89% on the publicly KITTI and Make3D datasets along with a reduction of 40% in the number of trainable parameters compared to the state of the art solutions. The source code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ArminMasoumian/GCNDepth.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 8.A Survey of Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06745.pdf)
>  While huge volumes of unlabeled data are generated and made available in many domains, the demand for automated understanding of visual data is higher than ever before. Most existing machine learning models typically rely on massive amounts of labeled training data to achieve high performance. Unfortunately, such a requirement cannot be met in real-world applications. The number of labels is limited and manually annotating data is expensive and time-consuming. It is often necessary to transfer knowledge from an existing labeled domain to a new domain. However, model performance degrades because of the differences between domains (domain shift or dataset bias). To overcome the burden of annotation, Domain Adaptation (DA) aims to mitigate the domain shift problem when transferring knowledge from one domain into another similar but different domain. Unsupervised DA (UDA) deals with a labeled source domain and an unlabeled target domain. The principal objective of UDA is to reduce the domain discrepancy between the labeled source data and unlabeled target data and to learn domain-invariant representations across the two domains during training. In this paper, we first define UDA problem. Secondly, we overview the state-of-the-art methods for different categories of UDA from both traditional methods and deep learning based methods. Finally, we collect frequently used benchmark datasets and report results of the state-of-the-art methods of UDA on visual recognition problem.      
### 9.Long-tail Recognition via Compositional Knowledge Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06741.pdf)
>  In this work, we introduce a novel strategy for long-tail recognition that addresses the tail classes' few-shot problem via training-free knowledge transfer. Our objective is to transfer knowledge acquired from information-rich common classes to semantically similar, and yet data-hungry, rare classes in order to obtain stronger tail class representations. We leverage the fact that class prototypes and learned cosine classifiers provide two different, complementary representations of class cluster centres in feature space, and use an attention mechanism to select and recompose learned classifier features from common classes to obtain higher quality rare class representations. Our knowledge transfer process is training free, reducing overfitting risks, and can afford continual extension of classifiers to new classes. Experiments show that our approach can achieve significant performance boosts on rare classes while maintaining robust common class performance, outperforming directly comparable state-of-the-art models.      
### 10.VirtualCube: An Immersive 3D Video Communication System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06730.pdf)
>  The VirtualCube system is a 3D video conference system that attempts to overcome some limitations of conventional technologies. The key ingredient is VirtualCube, an abstract representation of a real-world cubicle instrumented with RGBD cameras for capturing the 3D geometry and texture of a user. We design VirtualCube so that the task of data capturing is standardized and significantly simplified, and everything can be built using off-the-shelf hardware. We use VirtualCubes as the basic building blocks of a virtual conferencing environment, and we provide each VirtualCube user with a surrounding display showing life-size videos of remote participants. To achieve real-time rendering of remote participants, we develop the V-Cube View algorithm, which uses multi-view stereo for more accurate depth estimation and Lumi-Net rendering for better rendering quality. The VirtualCube system correctly preserves the mutual eye gaze between participants, allowing them to establish eye contact and be aware of who is visually paying attention to them. The system also allows a participant to have side discussions with remote participants as if they were in the same room. Finally, the system sheds lights on how to support the shared space of work items (e.g., documents and applications) and track the visual attention of participants to work items.      
### 11.Learning Semantic-Aligned Feature Representation for Text-based Person Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06714.pdf)
>  Text-based person search aims to retrieve images of a certain pedestrian by a textual description. The key challenge of this task is to eliminate the inter-modality gap and achieve the feature alignment across modalities. In this paper, we propose a semantic-aligned embedding method for text-based person search, in which the feature alignment across modalities is achieved by automatically learning the semantic-aligned visual features and textual features. First, we introduce two Transformer-based backbones to encode robust feature representations of the images and texts. Second, we design a semantic-aligned feature aggregation network to adaptively select and aggregate features with the same semantics into part-aware features, which is achieved by a multi-head attention module constrained by a cross-modality part alignment loss and a diversity loss. Experimental results on the CUHK-PEDES and Flickr30K datasets show that our method achieves state-of-the-art performances.      
### 12.N-SfC: Robust and Fast Shape Estimation from Caustic Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06705.pdf)
>  This paper deals with the highly challenging problem of reconstructing the shape of a refracting object from a single image of its resulting caustic. Due to the ubiquity of transparent refracting objects in everyday life, reconstruction of their shape entails a multitude of practical applications. The recent Shape from Caustics (SfC) method casts the problem as the inverse of a light propagation simulation for synthesis of the caustic image, that can be solved by a differentiable renderer. However, the inherent complexity of light transport through refracting surfaces currently limits the practicability with respect to reconstruction speed and robustness. To address these issues, we introduce Neural-Shape from Caustics (N-SfC), a learning-based extension that incorporates two components into the reconstruction pipeline: a denoising module, which alleviates the computational cost of the light transport simulation, and an optimization process based on learned gradient descent, which enables better convergence using fewer iterations. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our neural extensions in the scenario of quality control in 3D glass printing, where we significantly outperform the current state-of-the-art in terms of computational speed and final surface error.      
### 13.Anchor Retouching via Model Interaction for Robust Object Detection in Aerial Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06701.pdf)
>  Object detection has made tremendous strides in computer vision. Small object detection with appearance degradation is a prominent challenge, especially for aerial observations. To collect sufficient positive/negative samples for heuristic training, most object detectors preset region anchors in order to calculate Intersection-over-Union (IoU) against the ground-truthed data. In this case, small objects are frequently abandoned or mislabeled. In this paper, we present an effective Dynamic Enhancement Anchor (DEA) network to construct a novel training sample generator. Different from the other state-of-the-art techniques, the proposed network leverages a sample discriminator to realize interactive sample screening between an anchor-based unit and an anchor-free unit to generate eligible samples. Besides, multi-task joint training with a conservative anchor-based inference scheme enhances the performance of the proposed model while reducing computational complexity. The proposed scheme supports both oriented and horizontal object detection tasks. Extensive experiments on two challenging aerial benchmarks (i.e., DOTA and HRSC2016) indicate that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance in accuracy with moderate inference speed and computational overhead for training. On DOTA, our DEA-Net which integrated with the baseline of RoI-Transformer surpasses the advanced method by 0.40% mean-Average-Precision (mAP) for oriented object detection with a weaker backbone network (ResNet-101 vs ResNet-152) and 3.08% mean-Average-Precision (mAP) for horizontal object detection with the same backbone. Besides, our DEA-Net which integrated with the baseline of ReDet achieves the state-of-the-art performance by 80.37%. On HRSC2016, it surpasses the previous best model by 1.1% using only 3 horizontal anchors.      
### 14.Quaternion-Valued Convolutional Neural Network Applied for Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06685.pdf)
>  The field of neural networks has seen significant advances in recent years with the development of deep and convolutional neural networks. Although many of the current works address real-valued models, recent studies reveal that neural networks with hypercomplex-valued parameters can better capture, generalize, and represent the complexity of multidimensional data. This paper explores the quaternion-valued convolutional neural network application for a pattern recognition task from medicine, namely, the diagnosis of acute lymphoblastic leukemia. Precisely, we compare the performance of real-valued and quaternion-valued convolutional neural networks to classify lymphoblasts from the peripheral blood smear microscopic images. The quaternion-valued convolutional neural network achieved better or similar performance than its corresponding real-valued network but using only 34% of its parameters. This result confirms that quaternion algebra allows capturing and extracting information from a color image with fewer parameters.      
### 15.Lifelong Unsupervised Domain Adaptive Person Re-identification with Coordinated Anti-forgetting and Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06632.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptive person re-identification (ReID) has been extensively investigated to mitigate the adverse effects of domain gaps. Those works assume the target domain data can be accessible all at once. However, for the real-world streaming data, this hinders the timely adaptation to changing data statistics and sufficient exploitation of increasing samples. In this paper, to address more practical scenarios, we propose a new task, Lifelong Unsupervised Domain Adaptive (LUDA) person ReID. This is challenging because it requires the model to continuously adapt to unlabeled data of the target environments while alleviating catastrophic forgetting for such a fine-grained person retrieval task. We design an effective scheme for this task, dubbed CLUDA-ReID, where the anti-forgetting is harmoniously coordinated with the adaptation. Specifically, a meta-based Coordinated Data Replay strategy is proposed to replay old data and update the network with a coordinated optimization direction for both adaptation and memorization. Moreover, we propose Relational Consistency Learning for old knowledge distillation/inheritance in line with the objective of retrieval-based tasks. We set up two evaluation settings to simulate the practical application scenarios. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our CLUDA-ReID for both scenarios with stationary target streams and scenarios with dynamic target streams.      
### 16.Pedestrian Trajectory Prediction via Spatial Interaction Transformer Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06624.pdf)
>  As a core technology of the autonomous driving system, pedestrian trajectory prediction can significantly enhance the function of active vehicle safety and reduce road traffic injuries. In traffic scenes, when encountering with oncoming people, pedestrians may make sudden turns or stop immediately, which often leads to complicated trajectories. To predict such unpredictable trajectories, we can gain insights into the interaction between pedestrians. In this paper, we present a novel generative method named Spatial Interaction Transformer (SIT), which learns the spatio-temporal correlation of pedestrian trajectories through attention mechanisms. Furthermore, we introduce the conditional variational autoencoder (CVAE) framework to model the future latent motion states of pedestrians. In particular, the experiments based on large-scale trafc dataset nuScenes [2] show that SIT has an outstanding performance than state-of-the-art (SOTA) methods. Experimental evaluation on the challenging ETH and UCY datasets conrms the robustness of our proposed model      
### 17.SAC-GAN: Structure-Aware Image-to-Image Composition for Self-Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06596.pdf)
>  We present a compositional approach to image augmentation for self-driving applications. It is an end-to-end neural network that is trained to seamlessly compose an object (e.g., a vehicle or pedestrian) represented as a cropped patch from an object image, into a background scene image. As our approach emphasizes more on semantic and structural coherence of the composed images, rather than their pixel-level RGB accuracies, we tailor the input and output of our network with structure-aware features and design our network losses accordingly. Specifically, our network takes the semantic layout features from the input scene image, features encoded from the edges and silhouette in the input object patch, as well as a latent code as inputs, and generates a 2D spatial affine transform defining the translation and scaling of the object patch. The learned parameters are further fed into a differentiable spatial transformer network to transform the object patch into the target image, where our model is trained adversarially using an affine transform discriminator and a layout discriminator. We evaluate our network, coined SAC-GAN for structure-aware composition, on prominent self-driving datasets in terms of quality, composability, and generalizability of the composite images. Comparisons are made to state-of-the-art alternatives, confirming superiority of our method.      
### 18.CR-FIQA: Face Image Quality Assessment by Learning Sample Relative Classifiability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06592.pdf)
>  The quality of face images significantly influences the performance of underlying face recognition algorithms. Face image quality assessment (FIQA) estimates the utility of the captured image in achieving reliable and accurate recognition performance. In this work, we propose a novel learning paradigm that learns internal network observations during the training process. Based on that, our proposed CR-FIQA uses this paradigm to estimate the face image quality of a sample by predicting its relative classifiability. This classifiability is measured based on the allocation of the training sample feature representation in angular space with respect to its class center and the nearest negative class center. We experimentally illustrate the correlation between the face image quality and the sample relative classifiability. As such property is only observable for the training dataset, we propose to learn this property from the training dataset and utilize it to predict the quality measure on unseen samples. This training is performed simultaneously while optimizing the class centers by an angular margin penalty-based softmax loss used for face recognition model training. Through extensive evaluation experiments on eight benchmarks and four face recognition models, we demonstrate the superiority of our proposed CR-FIQA over state-of-the-art (SOTA) FIQA algorithms.      
### 19.Active learning with MaskAL reduces annotation effort for training Mask R-CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06586.pdf)
>  The generalisation performance of a convolutional neural network (CNN) is influenced by the quantity, quality, and variety of the training images. Training images must be annotated, and this is time consuming and expensive. The goal of our work was to reduce the number of annotated images needed to train a CNN while maintaining its performance. We hypothesised that the performance of a CNN can be improved faster by ensuring that the set of training images contains a large fraction of hard-to-classify images. The objective of our study was to test this hypothesis with an active learning method that can automatically select the hard-to-classify images. We developed an active learning method for Mask Region-based CNN (Mask R-CNN) and named this method MaskAL. MaskAL involved the iterative training of Mask R-CNN, after which the trained model was used to select a set of unlabelled images about which the model was uncertain. The selected images were then annotated and used to retrain Mask R-CNN, and this was repeated for a number of sampling iterations. In our study, Mask R-CNN was trained on 2500 broccoli images that were selected through 12 sampling iterations by either MaskAL or a random sampling method from a training set of 14,000 broccoli images. For all sampling iterations, MaskAL performed significantly better than the random sampling. Furthermore, MaskAL had the same performance after sampling 900 images as the random sampling had after 2300 images. Compared to a Mask R-CNN model that was trained on the entire training set (14,000 images), MaskAL achieved 93.9% of its performance with 17.9% of its training data. The random sampling achieved 81.9% of its performance with 16.4% of its training data. We conclude that by using MaskAL, the annotation effort can be reduced for training Mask R-CNN on a broccoli dataset. Our software is available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/pieterblok/maskal" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 20.Triangle Attack: A Query-efficient Decision-based Adversarial Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06569.pdf)
>  Decision-based attack poses a severe threat to real-world applications since it regards the target model as a black box and only accesses the hard prediction label. Great efforts have been made recently to decrease the number of queries; however, existing decision-based attacks still require thousands of queries in order to generate good quality adversarial examples. In this work, we find that a benign sample, the current and the next adversarial examples could naturally construct a triangle in a subspace for any iterative attacks. Based on the law of sines, we propose a novel Triangle Attack (TA) to optimize the perturbation by utilizing the geometric information that the longer side is always opposite the larger angle in any triangle. However, directly applying such information on the input image is ineffective because it cannot thoroughly explore the neighborhood of the input sample in the high dimensional space. To address this issue, TA optimizes the perturbation in the low frequency space for effective dimensionality reduction owing to the generality of such geometric property. Extensive evaluations on the ImageNet dataset demonstrate that TA achieves a much higher attack success rate within 1,000 queries and needs a much less number of queries to achieve the same attack success rate under various perturbation budgets than existing decision-based attacks. With such high efficiency, we further demonstrate the applicability of TA on real-world API, i.e., Tencent Cloud API.      
### 21.MAGIC: Multimodal relAtional Graph adversarIal inferenCe for Diverse and Unpaired Text-based Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06558.pdf)
>  Text-based image captioning (TextCap) requires simultaneous comprehension of visual content and reading the text of images to generate a natural language description. Although a task can teach machines to understand the complex human environment further given that text is omnipresent in our daily surroundings, it poses additional challenges in normal captioning. A text-based image intuitively contains abundant and complex multimodal relational content, that is, image details can be described diversely from multiview rather than a single caption. Certainly, we can introduce additional paired training data to show the diversity of images' descriptions, this process is labor-intensive and time-consuming for TextCap pair annotations with extra texts. Based on the insight mentioned above, we investigate how to generate diverse captions that focus on different image parts using an unpaired training paradigm. We propose the Multimodal relAtional Graph adversarIal inferenCe (MAGIC) framework for diverse and unpaired TextCap. This framework can adaptively construct multiple multimodal relational graphs of images and model complex relationships among graphs to represent descriptive diversity. Moreover, a cascaded generative adversarial network is developed from modeled graphs to infer the unpaired caption generation in image-sentence feature alignment and linguistic coherence levels. We validate the effectiveness of MAGIC in generating diverse captions from different relational information items of an image. Experimental results show that MAGIC can generate very promising outcomes without using any image-caption training pairs.      
### 22.Ensemble CNN Networks for GBM Tumors Segmentation using Multi-parametric MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06554.pdf)
>  Glioblastomas are the most aggressive fast-growing primary brain cancer which originate in the glial cells of the brain. Accurate identification of the malignant brain tumor and its sub-regions is still one of the most challenging problems in medical image segmentation. The Brain Tumor Segmentation Challenge (BraTS) has been a popular benchmark for automatic brain glioblastomas segmentation algorithms since its initiation. In this year's challenge, BraTS 2021 provides the largest multi-parametric (mpMRI) dataset of 2,000 pre-operative patients. In this paper, we propose a new aggregation of two deep learning frameworks namely, DeepSeg and nnU-Net for automatic glioblastoma recognition in pre-operative mpMRI. Our ensemble method obtains Dice similarity scores of 92.00, 87.33, and 84.10 and Hausdorff Distances of 3.81, 8.91, and 16.02 for the enhancing tumor, tumor core, and whole tumor regions on the BraTS 2021 validation set, individually. These Experimental findings provide evidence that it can be readily applied clinically and thereby aiding in the brain cancer prognosis, therapy planning, and therapy response monitoring.      
### 23.Hybrid Graph Neural Networks for Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06538.pdf)
>  Graph neural networks (GNNs) have been used to tackle the few-shot learning (FSL) problem and shown great potentials under the transductive setting. However under the inductive setting, existing GNN based methods are less competitive. This is because they use an instance GNN as a label propagation/classification module, which is jointly meta-learned with a feature embedding network. This design is problematic because the classifier needs to adapt quickly to new tasks while the embedding does not. To overcome this problem, in this paper we propose a novel hybrid GNN (HGNN) model consisting of two GNNs, an instance GNN and a prototype GNN. Instead of label propagation, they act as feature embedding adaptation modules for quick adaptation of the meta-learned feature embedding to new tasks. Importantly they are designed to deal with a fundamental yet often neglected challenge in FSL, that is, with only a handful of shots per class, any few-shot classifier would be sensitive to badly sampled shots which are either outliers or can cause inter-class distribution overlapping. %Our two GNNs are designed to address these two types of poorly sampled few-shots respectively and their complementarity is exploited in the hybrid GNN model. Extensive experiments show that our HGNN obtains new state-of-the-art on three FSL benchmarks.      
### 24.SphereSR: 360° Image Super-Resolution with Arbitrary Projection via Continuous Spherical Image Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06536.pdf)
>  The 360°imaging has recently gained great attention; however, its angular resolution is relatively lower than that of a narrow field-of-view (FOV) perspective image as it is captured by using fisheye lenses with the same sensor size. Therefore, it is beneficial to super-resolve a 360°image. Some attempts have been made but mostly considered the equirectangular projection (ERP) as one of the way for 360°image representation despite of latitude-dependent distortions. In that case, as the output high-resolution(HR) image is always in the same ERP format as the low-resolution (LR) input, another information loss may occur when transforming the HR image to other projection types. In this paper, we propose SphereSR, a novel framework to generate a continuous spherical image representation from an LR 360°image, aiming at predicting the RGB values at given spherical coordinates for super-resolution with an arbitrary 360°image projection. Specifically, we first propose a feature extraction module that represents the spherical data based on icosahedron and efficiently extracts features on the spherical surface. We then propose a spherical local implicit image function (SLIIF) to predict RGB values at the spherical coordinates. As such, SphereSR flexibly reconstructs an HR image under an arbitrary projection type. Experiments on various benchmark datasets show that our method significantly surpasses existing methods.      
### 25.Makeup216: Logo Recognition with Adversarial Attention Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06533.pdf)
>  One of the challenges of logo recognition lies in the diversity of forms, such as symbols, texts or a combination of both; further, logos tend to be extremely concise in design while similar in appearance, suggesting the difficulty of learning discriminative representations. To investigate the variety and representation of logo, we introduced Makeup216, the largest and most complex logo dataset in the field of makeup, captured from the real world. It comprises of 216 logos and 157 brands, including 10,019 images and 37,018 annotated logo objects. In addition, we found that the marginal background around the pure logo can provide a important context information and proposed an adversarial attention representation framework (AAR) to attend on the logo subject and auxiliary marginal background separately, which can be combined for better representation. Our proposed framework achieved competitive results on Makeup216 and another large-scale open logo dataset, which could provide fresh thinking for logo recognition. The dataset of Makeup216 and the code of the proposed framework will be released soon.      
### 26.Centroid-UNet: Detecting Centroids in Aerial Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06530.pdf)
>  In many applications of aerial/satellite image analysis (remote sensing), the generation of exact shapes of objects is a cumbersome task. In most remote sensing applications such as counting objects requires only location estimation of objects. Hence, locating object centroids in aerial/satellite images is an easy solution for tasks where the object's exact shape is not necessary. Thus, this study focuses on assessing the feasibility of using deep neural networks for locating object centroids in satellite images. Name of our model is Centroid-UNet. The Centroid-UNet model is based on classic U-Net semantic segmentation architecture. We modified and adapted the U-Net semantic segmentation architecture into a centroid detection model preserving the simplicity of the original model. Furthermore, we have tested and evaluated our model with two case studies involving aerial/satellite images. Those two case studies are building centroid detection case study and coconut tree centroid detection case study. Our evaluation results have reached comparably good accuracy compared to other methods, and also offer simplicity. The code and models developed under this study are also available in the Centroid-UNet GitHub repository: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gicait/centroid-unet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 27.Anatomizing Bias in Facial Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06522.pdf)
>  Existing facial analysis systems have been shown to yield biased results against certain demographic subgroups. Due to its impact on society, it has become imperative to ensure that these systems do not discriminate based on gender, identity, or skin tone of individuals. This has led to research in the identification and mitigation of bias in AI systems. In this paper, we encapsulate bias detection/estimation and mitigation algorithms for facial analysis. Our main contributions include a systematic review of algorithms proposed for understanding bias, along with a taxonomy and extensive overview of existing bias mitigation algorithms. We also discuss open challenges in the field of biased facial analysis.      
### 28.DGL-GAN: Discriminator Guided Learning for GAN Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06502.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) with high computation costs, e.g., BigGAN and StyleGAN2, have achieved remarkable results in synthesizing high resolution and diverse images with high fidelity from random noises. Reducing the computation cost of GANs while keeping generating photo-realistic images is an urgent and challenging field for their broad applications on computational resource-limited devices. In this work, we propose a novel yet simple {\bf D}iscriminator {\bf G}uided {\bf L}earning approach for compressing vanilla {\bf GAN}, dubbed {\bf DGL-GAN}. Motivated by the phenomenon that the teacher discriminator may contain some meaningful information, we transfer the knowledge merely from the teacher discriminator via the adversarial function. We show DGL-GAN is valid since empirically, learning from the teacher discriminator could facilitate the performance of student GANs, verified by extensive experimental findings. Furthermore, we propose a two-stage training strategy for training DGL-GAN, which can largely stabilize its training process and achieve superior performance when we apply DGL-GAN to compress the two most representative large-scale vanilla GANs, i.e., StyleGAN2 and BigGAN. Experiments show that DGL-GAN achieves state-of-the-art (SOTA) results on both StyleGAN2 (FID 2.92 on FFHQ with nearly $1/3$ parameters of StyleGAN2) and BigGAN (IS 93.29 and FID 9.92 on ImageNet with nearly $1/4$ parameters of BigGAN) and also outperforms several existing vanilla GAN compression techniques. Moreover, DGL-GAN is also effective in boosting the performance of original uncompressed GANs, original uncompressed StyleGAN2 boosted with DGL-GAN achieves FID 2.65 on FFHQ, which achieves a new state-of-the-art performance. Code and models are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yuesongtian/DGL-GAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 29.Multi-Modal Mutual Information Maximization: A Novel Approach for Unsupervised Deep Cross-Modal Hashing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06489.pdf)
>  In this paper, we adopt the maximizing mutual information (MI) approach to tackle the problem of unsupervised learning of binary hash codes for efficient cross-modal retrieval. We proposed a novel method, dubbed Cross-Modal Info-Max Hashing (CMIMH). First, to learn informative representations that can preserve both intra- and inter-modal similarities, we leverage the recent advances in estimating variational lower-bound of MI to maximize the MI between the binary representations and input features and between binary representations of different modalities. By jointly maximizing these MIs under the assumption that the binary representations are modelled by multivariate Bernoulli distributions, we can learn binary representations, which can preserve both intra- and inter-modal similarities, effectively in a mini-batch manner with gradient descent. Furthermore, we find out that trying to minimize the modality gap by learning similar binary representations for the same instance from different modalities could result in less informative representations. Hence, balancing between reducing the modality gap and losing modality-private information is important for the cross-modal retrieval tasks. Quantitative evaluations on standard benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed method consistently outperforms other state-of-the-art cross-modal retrieval methods.      
### 30.An Informative Tracking Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06467.pdf)
>  Along with the rapid progress of visual tracking, existing benchmarks become less informative due to redundancy of samples and weak discrimination between current trackers, making evaluations on all datasets extremely time-consuming. Thus, a small and informative benchmark, which covers all typical challenging scenarios to facilitate assessing the tracker performance, is of great interest. In this work, we develop a principled way to construct a small and informative tracking benchmark (ITB) with 7% out of 1.2 M frames of existing and newly collected datasets, which enables efficient evaluation while ensuring effectiveness. Specifically, we first design a quality assessment mechanism to select the most informative sequences from existing benchmarks taking into account 1) challenging level, 2) discriminative strength, 3) and density of appearance variations. Furthermore, we collect additional sequences to ensure the diversity and balance of tracking scenarios, leading to a total of 20 sequences for each scenario. By analyzing the results of 15 state-of-the-art trackers re-trained on the same data, we determine the effective methods for robust tracking under each scenario and demonstrate new challenges for future research direction in this field.      
### 31.Real Time Action Recognition from Video Footage  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06456.pdf)
>  Crime rate is increasing proportionally with the increasing rate of the population. The most prominent approach was to introduce Closed-Circuit Television (CCTV) camera-based surveillance to tackle the issue. Video surveillance cameras have added a new dimension to detect crime. Several research works on autonomous security camera surveillance are currently ongoing, where the fundamental goal is to discover violent activity from video feeds. From the technical viewpoint, this is a challenging problem because analyzing a set of frames, i.e., videos in temporal dimension to detect violence might need careful machine learning model training to reduce false results. This research focuses on this problem by integrating state-of-the-art Deep Learning methods to ensure a robust pipeline for autonomous surveillance for detecting violent activities, e.g., kicking, punching, and slapping. Initially, we designed a dataset of this specific interest, which contains 600 videos (200 for each action). Later, we have utilized existing pre-trained model architectures to extract features, and later used deep learning network for classification. Also, We have classified our models' accuracy, and confusion matrix on different pre-trained architectures like VGG16, InceptionV3, ResNet50, Xception and MobileNet V2 among which VGG16 and MobileNet V2 performed better.      
### 32.Self-Paced Deep Regression Forests with Consideration on Ranking Fairness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06455.pdf)
>  Deep discriminative models (DDMs), such as deep regression forests, deep neural decision forests, have been extensively studied recently to solve problems like facial age estimation, head pose estimation, gaze estimation and so forth. Such problems are challenging in part because a large amount of effective training data without noise and bias is often not available. While some progress has been achieved through learning more discriminative features, or reweighting samples, we argue what is more desirable is to learn gradually to discriminate like human beings. Then, we resort to self-paced learning (SPL). But a natural question arises: can self-paced regime lead DDMs to achieve more robust and less biased solutions? A serious problem with SPL, which is firstly discussed by this work, is it tends to aggravate the bias of solutions, especially for obvious imbalanced data. To this end, this paper proposes a new self-paced paradigm for deep discriminative model, which distinguishes noisy and underrepresented examples according to the output likelihood and entropy associated with each example, and tackle the fundamental ranking problem in SPL from a new perspective: fairness. This paradigm is fundamental, and could be easily combined with a variety of DDMs. Extensive experiments on three computer vision tasks, such as facial age estimation, head pose estimation and gaze estimation, demonstrate the efficacy of our paradigm. To the best of our knowledge, our work is the first paper in the literature of SPL that considers ranking fairness for self-paced regime construction.      
### 33.Split GCN: Effective Interactive Annotation for Segmentation of Disconnected Instance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06454.pdf)
>  Annotating object boundaries by humans demands high costs. Recently, polygon-based annotation methods with human interaction have shown successful performance. However, given the connected vertex topology, these methods exhibit difficulty predicting the disconnected components in an object. This paper introduces Split-GCN, a novel architecture based on the polygon approach and self-attention mechanism. By offering the direction information, Split-GCN enables the polygon vertices to move more precisely to the object boundary. Our model successfully predicts disconnected components of an object by transforming the initial topology using the context exchange about the dependencies of vertices. Split-GCN demonstrates competitive performance with the state-of-the-art models on Cityscapes and even higher performance with the baseline models. On four cross-domain datasets, we confirm our model's generalization ability.      
### 34.Semantically Contrastive Learning for Low-light Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06451.pdf)
>  Low-light image enhancement (LLE) remains challenging due to the unfavorable prevailing low-contrast and weak-visibility problems of single RGB images. In this paper, we respond to the intriguing learning-related question -- if leveraging both accessible unpaired over/underexposed images and high-level semantic guidance, can improve the performance of cutting-edge LLE models? Here, we propose an effective semantically contrastive learning paradigm for LLE (namely SCL-LLE). Beyond the existing LLE wisdom, it casts the image enhancement task as multi-task joint learning, where LLE is converted into three constraints of contrastive learning, semantic brightness consistency, and feature preservation for simultaneously ensuring the exposure, texture, and color consistency. SCL-LLE allows the LLE model to learn from unpaired positives (normal-light)/negatives (over/underexposed), and enables it to interact with the scene semantics to regularize the image enhancement network, yet the interaction of high-level semantic knowledge and the low-level signal prior is seldom investigated in previous methods. Training on readily available open data, extensive experiments demonstrate that our method surpasses the state-of-the-arts LLE models over six independent cross-scenes datasets. Moreover, SCL-LLE's potential to benefit the downstream semantic segmentation under extremely dark conditions is discussed. Source Code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/LingLIx/SCL-LLE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 35.SVIP: Sequence VerIfication for Procedures in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06447.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel sequence verification task that aims to distinguish positive video pairs performing the same action sequence from negative ones with step-level transformations but still conducting the same task. Such a challenging task resides in an open-set setting without prior action detection or segmentation that requires event-level or even frame-level annotations. To that end, we carefully reorganize two publicly available action-related datasets with step-procedure-task structure. To fully investigate the effectiveness of any method, we collect a scripted video dataset enumerating all kinds of step-level transformations in chemical experiments. Besides, a novel evaluation metric Weighted Distance Ratio is introduced to ensure equivalence for different step-level transformations during evaluation. In the end, a simple but effective baseline based on the transformer with a novel sequence alignment loss is introduced to better characterize long-term dependency between steps, which outperforms other action recognition methods. Codes and data will be released.      
### 36.Semi-Supervised Contrastive Learning for Remote Sensing: Identifying Ancient Urbanization in the South Central Andes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06437.pdf)
>  The detection of ancient settlements is a key focus in landscape archaeology. Traditionally, settlements were identified through pedestrian survey, as researchers physically traversed the landscape and recorded settlement locations. Recently the manual identification and labeling of ancient remains in satellite imagery have increased the scale of archaeological data collection, but the process remains tremendously time-consuming and arduous. The development of self-supervised learning (e.g., contrastive learning) offers a scalable learning scheme in locating archaeological sites using unlabeled satellite and historical aerial images. However, archaeology sites are only present in a very small proportion of the whole landscape, while the modern contrastive-supervised learning approach typically yield inferior performance on the highly balanced dataset, such as identifying sparsely localized ancient urbanization on a large area using satellite images. In this work, we propose a framework to solve this long-tail problem. As opposed to the existing contrastive learning approaches that typically treat the labeled and unlabeled data separately, the proposed method reforms the learning paradigm under a semi-supervised setting to fully utilize the precious annotated data (&lt;7% in our setting). Specifically, the highly unbalanced nature of the data is employed as the prior knowledge to form pseudo negative pairs by ranking the similarities between unannotated image patches and annotated anchor images. In this study, we used 95,358 unlabeled images and 5,830 labeled images to solve the problem of detecting ancient buildings from a long-tailed satellite image dataset. From the results, our semi-supervised contrastive learning model achieved a promising testing balanced accuracy of 79.0%, which is 3.8% improvement over state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 37.Generate Point Clouds with Multiscale Details from Graph-Represented Structures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06433.pdf)
>  Generating point clouds from structures is a highly valued method to control the generation of point clouds.One of the major problems in structure-based controllable point cloud generation is the lack of controllability to details, as details are missing in most existing representations of <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://structures.It" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> can be observed that definitions of details and structures are subjective.Details can be treated as structures on small <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://scale.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> represent structures in different scales at the same time, we present a graph-based representation of structures called the Multiscale Structure Graph(MSG).By treating details as small-scale structures, similar patterns of local structures can be found at different scales, places, densities, and angles.The knowledge learned from a pattern can be transferred to similar patterns in other <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://scales.An" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> encoding and generation mechanism, namely the Multiscale Structure-based Point Cloud Generator(MSPCG), for generating dense point clouds from the MSG is proposed, which can simultaneously learn local patterns with miscellaneous spatial properties.Our MSPCG also has great generalization ability and <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://scalability.An" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> MSPCG trained on the ShapeNet dataset can enable multi-scale edition on point clouds, generate point clouds for unseen categories, and generate indoor scenes from a given structure. The experimental results show that our method significantly outperforms baseline methods.      
### 38.Holistic Interpretation of Public Scenes Using Computer Vision and Temporal Graphs to Identify Social Distancing Violations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06428.pdf)
>  The COVID-19 pandemic has caused an unprecedented global public health crisis. Given its inherent nature, social distancing measures are proposed as the primary strategies to curb the spread of this pandemic. Therefore, identifying situations where these protocols are violated, has implications for curtailing the spread of the disease and promoting a sustainable lifestyle. This paper proposes a novel computer vision-based system to analyze CCTV footage to provide a threat level assessment of COVID-19 spread. The system strives to holistically capture and interpret the information content of CCTV footage spanning multiple frames to recognize instances of various violations of social distancing protocols, across time and space, as well as identification of group behaviors. This functionality is achieved primarily by utilizing a temporal graph-based structure to represent the information of the CCTV footage and a strategy to holistically interpret the graph and quantify the threat level of the given scene. The individual components are tested and validated on a range of scenarios and the complete system is tested against human expert opinion. The results reflect the dependence of the threat level on people, their physical proximity, interactions, protective clothing, and group dynamics. The system performance has an accuracy of 76%, thus enabling a deployable threat monitoring system in cities, to permit normalcy and sustainability in the society.      
### 39.Hybrid Atlas Building with Deep Registration Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06406.pdf)
>  Registration-based atlas building often poses computational challenges in high-dimensional image spaces. In this paper, we introduce a novel hybrid atlas building algorithm that fast estimates atlas from large-scale image datasets with much reduced computational cost. In contrast to previous approaches that iteratively perform registration tasks between an estimated atlas and individual images, we propose to use learned priors of registration from pre-trained neural networks. This newly developed hybrid framework features several advantages of (i) providing an efficient way of atlas building without losing the quality of results, and (ii) offering flexibility in utilizing a wide variety of deep learning based registration methods. We demonstrate the effectiveness of this proposed model on 3D brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans.      
### 40.Deep Attentional Guided Image Filtering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06401.pdf)
>  Guided filter is a fundamental tool in computer vision and computer graphics which aims to transfer structure information from guidance image to target image. Most existing methods construct filter kernels from the guidance itself without considering the mutual dependency between the guidance and the target. However, since there typically exist significantly different edges in the two images, simply transferring all structural information of the guidance to the target would result in various artifacts. To cope with this problem, we propose an effective framework named deep attentional guided image filtering, the filtering process of which can fully integrate the complementary information contained in both images. Specifically, we propose an attentional kernel learning module to generate dual sets of filter kernels from the guidance and the target, respectively, and then adaptively combine them by modeling the pixel-wise dependency between the two images. Meanwhile, we propose a multi-scale guided image filtering module to progressively generate the filtering result with the constructed kernels in a coarse-to-fine manner. Correspondingly, a multi-scale fusion strategy is introduced to reuse the intermediate results in the coarse-to-fine process. Extensive experiments show that the proposed framework compares favorably with the state-of-the-art methods in a wide range of guided image filtering applications, such as guided super-resolution, cross-modality restoration, texture removal, and semantic segmentation.      
### 41.Shaping Visual Representations with Attributes for Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06398.pdf)
>  Few-shot recognition aims to recognize novel categories under low-data regimes. Due to the scarcity of images, machines cannot obtain enough effective information, and the generalization ability of the model is extremely weak. By using auxiliary semantic modalities, recent metric-learning based few-shot learning methods have achieved promising performances. However, these methods only augment the representations of support classes, while query images have no semantic modalities information to enhance representations. Instead, we propose attribute-shaped learning (ASL), which can normalize visual representations to predict attributes for query images. And we further devise an attribute-visual attention module (AVAM), which utilizes attributes to generate more discriminative features. Our method enables visual representations to focus on important regions with attributes guidance. Experiments demonstrate that our method can achieve competitive results on CUB and SUN benchmarks. Our code is available at {<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/chenhaoxing/ASL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 42.Decoupling Object Detection from Human-Object Interaction Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06392.pdf)
>  We propose DEFR, a DEtection-FRee method to recognize Human-Object Interactions (HOI) at image level without using object location or human pose. This is challenging as the detector is an integral part of existing methods. In this paper, we propose two findings to boost the performance of the detection-free approach, which significantly outperforms the detection-assisted state of the arts. Firstly, we find it crucial to effectively leverage the semantic correlations among HOI classes. Remarkable gain can be achieved by using language embeddings of HOI labels to initialize the linear classifier, which encodes the structure of HOIs to guide training. Further, we propose Log-Sum-Exp Sign (LSE-Sign) loss to facilitate multi-label learning on a long-tailed dataset by balancing gradients over all classes in a softmax format. Our detection-free approach achieves 65.6 mAP in HOI classification on HICO, outperforming the detection-assisted state of the art (SOTA) by 18.5 mAP, and 52.7 mAP in one-shot classes, surpassing the SOTA by 27.3 mAP. Different from previous work, our classification model (DEFR) can be directly used in HOI detection without any additional training, by connecting to an off-the-shelf object detector whose bounding box output is converted to binary masks for DEFR. Surprisingly, such a simple connection of two decoupled models achieves SOTA performance (32.35 mAP).      
### 43.PartGlot: Learning Shape Part Segmentation from Language Reference Games  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06390.pdf)
>  We introduce PartGlot, a neural framework and associated architectures for learning semantic part segmentation of 3D shape geometry, based solely on part referential language. We exploit the fact that linguistic descriptions of a shape can provide priors on the shape's parts -- as natural language has evolved to reflect human perception of the compositional structure of objects, essential to their recognition and use. For training, we use the paired geometry / language data collected in the ShapeGlot work for their reference game, where a speaker creates an utterance to differentiate a target shape from two distractors and the listener has to find the target based on this utterance. Our network is designed to solve this target discrimination problem, carefully incorporating a Transformer-based attention module so that the output attention can precisely highlight the semantic part or parts described in the language. Furthermore, the network operates without any direct supervision on the 3D geometry itself. Surprisingly, we further demonstrate that the learned part information is generalizable to shape classes unseen during training. Our approach opens the possibility of learning 3D shape parts from language alone, without the need for large-scale part geometry annotations, thus facilitating annotation acquisition.      
### 44.Local and Global Point Cloud Reconstruction for 3D Hand Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06389.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the 3D point cloud reconstruction and 3D pose estimation of the human hand from a single RGB image. To that end, we present a novel pipeline for local and global point cloud reconstruction using a 3D hand template while learning a latent representation for pose estimation. To demonstrate our method, we introduce a new multi-view hand posture dataset to obtain complete 3D point clouds of the hand in the real world. Experiments on our newly proposed dataset and four public benchmarks demonstrate the model's strengths. Our method outperforms competitors in 3D pose estimation while reconstructing realistic-looking complete 3D hand point clouds.      
### 45.5th Place Solution for VSPW 2021 Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06379.pdf)
>  In this article, we introduce the solution we used in the VSPW 2021 Challenge. Our experiments are based on two baseline models, Swin Transformer and MaskFormer. To further boost performance, we adopt stochastic weight averaging technique and design hierarchical ensemble strategy. Without using any external semantic segmentation dataset, our solution ranked the 5th place in the private leaderboard. Besides, we have some interesting attempts to tackle long-tail recognition and overfitting issues, which achieves improvement on val subset. Maybe due to distribution difference, these attempts don't work on test subset. We will also introduce these attempts and hope to inspire other researchers.      
### 46.Embracing Single Stride 3D Object Detector with Sparse Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06375.pdf)
>  In LiDAR-based 3D object detection for autonomous driving, the ratio of the object size to input scene size is significantly smaller compared to 2D detection cases. Overlooking this difference, many 3D detectors directly follow the common practice of 2D detectors, which downsample the feature maps even after quantizing the point clouds. In this paper, we start by rethinking how such multi-stride stereotype affects the LiDAR-based 3D object detectors. Our experiments point out that the downsampling operations bring few advantages, and lead to inevitable information loss. To remedy this issue, we propose Single-stride Sparse Transformer (SST) to maintain the original resolution from the beginning to the end of the network. Armed with transformers, our method addresses the problem of insufficient receptive field in single-stride architectures. It also cooperates well with the sparsity of point clouds and naturally avoids expensive computation. Eventually, our SST achieves state-of-the-art results on the large scale Waymo Open Dataset. It is worth mentioning that our method can achieve exciting performance (83.8 LEVEL 1 AP on validation split) on small object (pedestrian) detection due to the characteristic of single stride. Codes will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TuSimple/SST" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 47.Change Detection Meets Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06343.pdf)
>  The Earth's surface is continually changing, and identifying changes plays an important role in urban planning and sustainability. Although change detection techniques have been successfully developed for many years, these techniques are still limited to experts and facilitators in related fields. In order to provide every user with flexible access to change information and help them better understand land-cover changes, we introduce a novel task: change detection-based visual question answering (CDVQA) on multi-temporal aerial images. In particular, multi-temporal images can be queried to obtain high level change-based information according to content changes between two input images. We first build a CDVQA dataset including multi-temporal image-question-answer triplets using an automatic question-answer generation method. Then, a baseline CDVQA framework is devised in this work, and it contains four parts: multi-temporal feature encoding, multi-temporal fusion, multi-modal fusion, and answer prediction. In addition, we also introduce a change enhancing module to multi-temporal feature encoding, aiming at incorporating more change-related information. Finally, effects of different backbones and multi-temporal fusion strategies are studied on the performance of CDVQA task. The experimental results provide useful insights for developing better CDVQA models, which are important for future research on this task. We will make our dataset and code publicly available.      
### 48.Interpolated Joint Space Adversarial Training for Robust and Generalizable Defenses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06323.pdf)
>  Adversarial training (AT) is considered to be one of the most reliable defenses against adversarial attacks. However, models trained with AT sacrifice standard accuracy and do not generalize well to novel attacks. Recent works show generalization improvement with adversarial samples under novel threat models such as on-manifold threat model or neural perceptual threat model. However, the former requires exact manifold information while the latter requires algorithm relaxation. Motivated by these considerations, we exploit the underlying manifold information with Normalizing Flow, ensuring that exact manifold assumption holds. Moreover, we propose a novel threat model called Joint Space Threat Model (JSTM), which can serve as a special case of the neural perceptual threat model that does not require additional relaxation to craft the corresponding adversarial attacks. Under JSTM, we develop novel adversarial attacks and defenses. The mixup strategy improves the standard accuracy of neural networks but sacrifices robustness when combined with AT. To tackle this issue, we propose the Robust Mixup strategy in which we maximize the adversity of the interpolated images and gain robustness and prevent overfitting. Our experiments show that Interpolated Joint Space Adversarial Training (IJSAT) achieves good performance in standard accuracy, robustness, and generalization in CIFAR-10/100, OM-ImageNet, and CIFAR-10-C datasets. IJSAT is also flexible and can be used as a data augmentation method to improve standard accuracy and combine with many existing AT approaches to improve robustness.      
### 49.Anomaly Crossing: A New Method for Video Anomaly Detection as Cross-domain Few-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06320.pdf)
>  Video anomaly detection aims to identify abnormal events that occurred in videos. Since anomalous events are relatively rare, it is not feasible to collect a balanced dataset and train a binary classifier to solve the task. Thus, most previous approaches learn only from normal videos using unsupervised or semi-supervised methods. Obviously, they are limited in capturing and utilizing discriminative abnormal characteristics, which leads to compromised anomaly detection performance. In this paper, to address this issue, we propose a new learning paradigm by making full use of both normal and abnormal videos for video anomaly detection. In particular, we formulate a new learning task: cross-domain few-shot anomaly detection, which can transfer knowledge learned from numerous videos in the source domain to help solve few-shot abnormality detection in the target domain. Concretely, we leverage self-supervised training on the target normal videos to reduce the domain gap and devise a meta context perception module to explore the video context of the event in the few-shot setting. Our experiments show that our method significantly outperforms baseline methods on DoTA and UCF-Crime datasets, and the new task contributes to a more practical training paradigm for anomaly detection.      
### 50.Image-to-Height Domain Translation for Synthetic Aperture Sonar  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06307.pdf)
>  Observations of seabed texture with synthetic aperture sonar are dependent upon several factors. In this work, we focus on collection geometry with respect to isotropic and anisotropic textures. The low grazing angle of the collection geometry, combined with orientation of the sonar path relative to anisotropic texture, poses a significant challenge for image-alignment and other multi-view scene understanding frameworks. We previously proposed using features captured from estimated seabed relief to improve scene understanding. While several methods have been developed to estimate seabed relief via intensity, no large-scale study exists in the literature. Furthermore, a dataset of coregistered seabed relief maps and sonar imagery is nonexistent to learn this domain translation. We address these problems by producing a large simulated dataset containing coregistered pairs of seabed relief and intensity maps from two unique sonar data simulation techniques. We apply three types of models, with varying complexity, to translate intensity imagery to seabed relief: a Gaussian Markov Random Field approach (GMRF), a conditional Generative Adversarial Network (cGAN), and UNet architectures. Methods are compared in reference to the coregistered simulated datasets using L1 error. Additionally, predictions on simulated and real SAS imagery are shown. Finally, models are compared on two datasets of hand-aligned SAS imagery and evaluated in terms of L1 error across multiple aspects in comparison to using intensity. Our comprehensive experiments show that the proposed UNet architectures outperform the GMRF and pix2pix cGAN models on seabed relief estimation for simulated and real SAS imagery.      
### 51.Image Reconstruction from Events. Why learn it?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06242.pdf)
>  Traditional cameras measure image intensity. Event cameras, by contrast, measure per-pixel temporal intensity changes asynchronously. Recovering intensity from events is a popular research topic since the reconstructed images inherit the high dynamic range (HDR) and high-speed properties of events; hence they can be used in many robotic vision applications and to generate slow-motion HDR videos. However, state-of-the-art methods tackle this problem by training an event-to-image recurrent neural network (RNN), which lacks explainability and is difficult to tune. In this work we show, for the first time, how tackling the joint problem of motion and intensity estimation leads us to model event-based image reconstruction as a linear inverse problem that can be solved without training an image reconstruction RNN. Instead, classical and learning-based image priors can be used to solve the problem and remove artifacts from the reconstructed images. The experiments show that the proposed approach generates images with visual quality on par with state-of-the-art methods despite only using data from a short time interval (i.e., without recurrent connections). Our method can also be used to improve the quality of images reconstructed by approaches that first estimate the image Laplacian; here our method can be interpreted as Poisson reconstruction guided by image priors.      
### 52.HerosNet: Hyperspectral Explicable Reconstruction and Optimal Sampling Deep Network for Snapshot Compressive Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06238.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral imaging is an essential imaging modality for a wide range of applications, especially in remote sensing, agriculture, and medicine. Inspired by existing hyperspectral cameras that are either slow, expensive, or bulky, reconstructing hyperspectral images (HSIs) from a low-budget snapshot measurement has drawn wide attention. By mapping a truncated numerical optimization algorithm into a network with a fixed number of phases, recent deep unfolding networks (DUNs) for spectral snapshot compressive sensing (SCI) have achieved remarkable success. However, DUNs are far from reaching the scope of industrial applications limited by the lack of cross-phase feature interaction and adaptive parameter adjustment. In this paper, we propose a novel Hyperspectral Explicable Reconstruction and Optimal Sampling deep Network for SCI, dubbed HerosNet, which includes several phases under the ISTA-unfolding framework. Each phase can flexibly simulate the sensing matrix and contextually adjust the step size in the gradient descent step, and hierarchically fuse and interact the hidden states of previous phases to effectively recover current HSI frames in the proximal mapping step. Simultaneously, a hardware-friendly optimal binary mask is learned end-to-end to further improve the reconstruction performance. Finally, our HerosNet is validated to outperform the state-of-the-art methods on both simulation and real datasets by large margins.      
### 53.Video as Conditional Graph Hierarchy for Multi-Granular Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06197.pdf)
>  Video question answering requires models to understand and reason about both complex video and language data to correctly derive answers. Existing efforts focus on designing sophisticated cross-modal interactions to fuse the information from two modalities, while encoding the video and question holistically as frame and word sequences. Despite their success, these methods are essentially revolving around the sequential nature of video- and question-contents, providing little insight to the problem of question-answering and lacking interpretability as well. In this work, we argue that while video is presented in frame sequence, the visual elements (eg, objects, actions, activities and events) are not sequential but rather hierarchical in semantic space. To align with the multi-granular essence of linguistic concepts in language queries, we propose to model video as a conditional graph hierarchy which weaves together visual facts of different granularity in a level-wise manner, with the guidance of corresponding textual cues. Despite the simplicity, our extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of such conditional hierarchical graph architecture, with clear performance improvements over prior methods and also better generalization across different type of questions. Further analyses also consolidate the model's reliability as it shows meaningful visual-textual evidences for the predicted answers.      
### 54.Multimodal-based Scene-Aware Framework for Aquatic Animal Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06193.pdf)
>  Recent years have witnessed great advances in object segmentation research. In addition to generic objects, aquatic animals have attracted research attention. Deep learning-based methods are widely used for aquatic animal segmentation and have achieved promising performance. However, there is a lack of challenging datasets for benchmarking. Therefore, we have created a new dataset dubbed "Aquatic Animal Species." Furthermore, we devised a novel multimodal-based scene-aware segmentation framework that leverages the advantages of multiple view segmentation models to segment images of aquatic animals effectively. To improve training performance, we developed a guided mixup augmentation method. Extensive experiments comparing the performance of the proposed framework with state-of-the-art instance segmentation methods demonstrated that our method is effective and that it significantly outperforms existing methods.      
### 55.Few-shot Keypoint Detection with Uncertainty Learning for Unseen Species  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06183.pdf)
>  Current non-rigid object keypoint detectors perform well on a chosen kind of species and body parts, and require a large amount of labelled keypoints for training. Moreover, their heatmaps, tailored to specific body parts, cannot recognize novel keypoints (keypoints not labelled for training) on unseen species. We raise an interesting yet challenging question: how to detect both base (annotated for training) and novel keypoints for unseen species given a few annotated samples? Thus, we propose a versatile Few-shot Keypoint Detection (FSKD) pipeline, which can detect a varying number of keypoints of different kinds. Our FSKD provides the uncertainty estimation of predicted keypoints. Specifically, FSKD involves main and auxiliary keypoint representation learning, similarity learning, and keypoint localization with uncertainty modeling to tackle the localization noise. Moreover, we model the uncertainty across groups of keypoints by multivariate Gaussian distribution to exploit implicit correlations between neighboring keypoints. We show the effectiveness of our FSKD on (i) novel keypoint detection for unseen species, and (ii) few-shot Fine-Grained Visual Recognition (FGVR) and (iii) Semantic Alignment (SA) downstream tasks. For FGVR, detected keypoints improve the classification accuracy. For SA, we showcase a novel thin-plate-spline warping that uses estimated keypoint uncertainty under imperfect keypoint corespondences.      
### 56.360-DFPE: Leveraging Monocular 360-Layouts for Direct Floor Plan Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06180.pdf)
>  We present 360-DFPE, a sequential floor plan estimation method that directly takes 360-images as input without relying on active sensors or 3D information. Our approach leverages a loosely coupled integration between a monocular visual SLAM solution and a monocular 360-room layout approach, which estimate camera poses and layout geometries, respectively. Since our task is to sequentially capture the floor plan using monocular images, the entire scene structure, room instances, and room shapes are unknown. To tackle these challenges, we first handle the scale difference between visual odometry and layout geometry via formulating an entropy minimization process, which enables us to directly align 360-layouts without knowing the entire scene in advance. Second, to sequentially identify individual rooms, we propose a novel room identification algorithm that tracks every room along the camera exploration using geometry information. Lastly, to estimate the final shape of the room, we propose a shortest path algorithm with an iterative coarse-to-fine strategy, which improves prior formulations with higher accuracy and faster run-time. Moreover, we collect a new floor plan dataset with challenging large-scale scenes, providing both point clouds and sequential 360-image information. Experimental results show that our monocular solution achieves favorable performance against the current state-of-the-art algorithms that rely on active sensors and require the entire scene reconstruction data in advance. Our code and dataset will be released soon.      
### 57.BIPS: Bi-modal Indoor Panorama Synthesis via Residual Depth-aided Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06179.pdf)
>  Providing omnidirectional depth along with RGB information is important for numerous applications, eg, VR/AR. However, as omnidirectional RGB-D data is not always available, synthesizing RGB-D panorama data from limited information of a scene can be useful. Therefore, some prior works tried to synthesize RGB panorama images from perspective RGB images; however, they suffer from limited image quality and can not be directly extended for RGB-D panorama synthesis. In this paper, we study a new problem: RGB-D panorama synthesis under the arbitrary configurations of cameras and depth sensors. Accordingly, we propose a novel bi-modal (RGB-D) panorama synthesis (BIPS) framework. Especially, we focus on indoor environments where the RGB-D panorama can provide a complete 3D model for many applications. We design a generator that fuses the bi-modal information and train it with residual-aided adversarial learning (RDAL). RDAL allows to synthesize realistic indoor layout structures and interiors by jointly inferring RGB panorama, layout depth, and residual depth. In addition, as there is no tailored evaluation metric for RGB-D panorama synthesis, we propose a novel metric to effectively evaluate its perceptual quality. Extensive experiments show that our method synthesizes high-quality indoor RGB-D panoramas and provides realistic 3D indoor models than prior methods. Code will be released upon acceptance.      
### 58.Unsupervised Domain-Specific Deblurring using Scale-Specific Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06175.pdf)
>  In the literature, coarse-to-fine or scale-recurrent approach i.e. progressively restoring a clean image from its low-resolution versions has been successfully employed for single image deblurring. However, a major disadvantage of existing methods is the need for paired data; i.e. sharpblur image pairs of the same scene, which is a complicated and cumbersome acquisition procedure. Additionally, due to strong supervision on loss functions, pre-trained models of such networks are strongly biased towards the blur experienced during training and tend to give sub-optimal performance when confronted by new blur kernels during inference time. To address the above issues, we propose unsupervised domain-specific deblurring using a scale-adaptive attention module (SAAM). Our network does not require supervised pairs for training, and the deblurring mechanism is primarily guided by adversarial loss, thus making our network suitable for a distribution of blur functions. Given a blurred input image, different resolutions of the same image are used in our model during training and SAAM allows for effective flow of information across the resolutions. For network training at a specific scale, SAAM attends to lower scale features as a function of the current scale. Different ablation studies show that our coarse-to-fine mechanism outperforms end-to-end unsupervised models and SAAM is able to attend better compared to attention models used in literature. Qualitative and quantitative comparisons (on no-reference metrics) show that our method outperforms prior unsupervised methods.      
### 59.Implicit Transformer Network for Screen Content Image Continuous Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06174.pdf)
>  Nowadays, there is an explosive growth of screen contents due to the wide application of screen sharing, remote cooperation, and online education. To match the limited terminal bandwidth, high-resolution (HR) screen contents may be downsampled and compressed. At the receiver side, the super-resolution (SR) of low-resolution (LR) screen content images (SCIs) is highly demanded by the HR display or by the users to zoom in for detail observation. However, image SR methods mostly designed for natural images do not generalize well for SCIs due to the very different image characteristics as well as the requirement of SCI browsing at arbitrary scales. To this end, we propose a novel Implicit Transformer Super-Resolution Network (ITSRN) for SCISR. For high-quality continuous SR at arbitrary ratios, pixel values at query coordinates are inferred from image features at key coordinates by the proposed implicit transformer and an implicit position encoding scheme is proposed to aggregate similar neighboring pixel values to the query one. We construct benchmark SCI1K and SCI1K-compression datasets with LR and HR SCI pairs. Extensive experiments show that the proposed ITSRN significantly outperforms several competitive continuous and discrete SR methods for both compressed and uncompressed SCIs.      
### 60.Pixel-wise Deep Image Stitching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06171.pdf)
>  Image stitching aims at stitching the images taken from different viewpoints into an image with a wider field of view. Existing methods warp the target image to the reference image using the estimated warp function, and a homography is one of the most commonly used warping functions. However, when images have large parallax due to non-planar scenes and translational motion of a camera, the homography cannot fully describe the mapping between two images. Existing approaches based on global or local homography estimation are not free from this problem and suffer from undesired artifacts due to parallax. In this paper, instead of relying on the homography-based warp, we propose a novel deep image stitching framework exploiting the pixel-wise warp field to handle the large-parallax problem. The proposed deep image stitching framework consists of two modules: Pixel-wise Warping Module (PWM) and Stitched Image Generating Module (SIGMo). PWM employs an optical flow estimation model to obtain pixel-wise warp of the whole image, and relocates the pixels of the target image with the obtained warp field. SIGMo blends the warped target image and the reference image while eliminating unwanted artifacts such as misalignments, seams, and holes that harm the plausibility of the stitched result. For training and evaluating the proposed framework, we build a large-scale dataset that includes image pairs with corresponding pixel-wise ground truth warp and sample stitched result images. We show that the results of the proposed framework are qualitatively superior to those of the conventional methods, especially when the images have large parallax. The code and the proposed dataset will be publicly available soon.      
### 61.Deep network for rolling shutter rectification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06170.pdf)
>  CMOS sensors employ row-wise acquisition mechanism while imaging a scene, which can result in undesired motion artifacts known as rolling shutter (RS) distortions in the captured image. Existing single image RS rectification methods attempt to account for these distortions by either using algorithms tailored for specific class of scenes which warrants information of intrinsic camera parameters or a learning-based framework with known ground truth motion parameters. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end deep neural network for the challenging task of single image RS rectification. Our network consists of a motion block, a trajectory module, a row block, an RS rectification module and an RS regeneration module (which is used only during training). The motion block predicts camera pose for every row of the input RS distorted image while the trajectory module fits estimated motion parameters to a third-order polynomial. The row block predicts the camera motion that must be associated with every pixel in the target i.e, RS rectified image. Finally, the RS rectification module uses motion trajectory and the output of row block to warp the input RS image to arrive at a distortionfree image. For faster convergence during training, we additionally use an RS regeneration module which compares the input RS image with the ground truth image distorted by estimated motion parameters. The end-to-end formulation in our model does not constrain the estimated motion to ground-truth motion parameters, thereby successfully rectifying the RS images with complex real-life camera motion. Experiments on synthetic and real datasets reveal that our network outperforms prior art both qualitatively and quantitatively.      
### 62.Semi-supervised Domain Adaptive Structure Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06161.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised domain adaptation (SSDA) is quite a challenging problem requiring methods to overcome both 1) overfitting towards poorly annotated data and 2) distribution shift across domains. Unfortunately, a simple combination of domain adaptation (DA) and semi-supervised learning (SSL) methods often fail to address such two objects because of training data bias towards labeled samples. In this paper, we introduce an adaptive structure learning method to regularize the cooperation of SSL and DA. Inspired by the multi-views learning, our proposed framework is composed of a shared feature encoder network and two classifier networks, trained for contradictory purposes. Among them, one of the classifiers is applied to group target features to improve intra-class density, enlarging the gap of categorical clusters for robust representation learning. Meanwhile, the other classifier, serviced as a regularizer, attempts to scatter the source features to enhance the smoothness of the decision boundary. The iterations of target clustering and source expansion make the target features being well-enclosed inside the dilated boundary of the corresponding source points. For the joint address of cross-domain features alignment and partially labeled data learning, we apply the maximum mean discrepancy (MMD) distance minimization and self-training (ST) to project the contradictory structures into a shared view to make the reliable final decision. The experimental results over the standard SSDA benchmarks, including DomainNet and Office-home, demonstrate both the accuracy and robustness of our method over the state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 63.Deep Translation Prior: Test-time Training for Photorealistic Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06150.pdf)
>  Recent techniques to solve photorealistic style transfer within deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) generally require intensive training from large-scale datasets, thus having limited applicability and poor generalization ability to unseen images or styles. To overcome this, we propose a novel framework, dubbed Deep Translation Prior (DTP), to accomplish photorealistic style transfer through test-time training on given input image pair with untrained networks, which learns an image pair-specific translation prior and thus yields better performance and generalization. Tailored for such test-time training for style transfer, we present novel network architectures, with two sub-modules of correspondence and generation modules, and loss functions consisting of contrastive content, style, and cycle consistency losses. Our framework does not require offline training phase for style transfer, which has been one of the main challenges in existing methods, but the networks are to be solely learned during test-time. Experimental results prove that our framework has a better generalization ability to unseen image pairs and even outperforms the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 64.Self-Supervised Modality-Aware Multiple Granularity Pre-Training for RGB-Infrared Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06147.pdf)
>  While RGB-Infrared cross-modality person re-identification (RGB-IR ReID) has enabled great progress in 24-hour intelligent surveillance, state-of-the-arts still heavily rely on fine-tuning ImageNet pre-trained networks. Due to the single-modality nature, such large-scale pre-training may yield RGB-biased representations that hinder the performance of cross-modality image retrieval. This paper presents a self-supervised pre-training alternative, named Modality-Aware Multiple Granularity Learning (MMGL), which directly trains models from scratch on multi-modality ReID datasets, but achieving competitive results without external data and sophisticated tuning tricks. Specifically, MMGL globally maps shuffled RGB-IR images into a shared latent permutation space and further improves local discriminability by maximizing agreement between cycle-consistent RGB-IR image patches. Experiments demonstrate that MMGL learns better representations (+6.47% Rank-1) with faster training speed (converge in few hours) and solider data efficiency (&lt;5% data size) than ImageNet pre-training. The results also suggest it generalizes well to various existing models, losses and has promising transferability across datasets. The code will be released.      
### 65.MVLayoutNet:3D layout reconstruction with multi-view panoramas  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06133.pdf)
>  We present MVLayoutNet, an end-to-end network for holistic 3D reconstruction from multi-view panoramas. Our core contribution is to seamlessly combine learned monocular layout estimation and multi-view stereo (MVS) for accurate layout reconstruction in both 3D and image space. We jointly train a layout module to produce an initial layout and a novel MVS module to obtain accurate layout geometry. Unlike standard MVSNet [33], our MVS module takes a newly-proposed layout cost volume, which aggregates multi-view costs at the same depth layer into corresponding layout elements. We additionally provide an attention-based scheme that guides the MVS module to focus on structural regions. Such a design considers both local pixel-level costs and global holistic information for better reconstruction. Experiments show that our method outperforms state-of-the-arts in terms of depth rmse by 21.7% and 20.6% on the 2D-3D-S [1] and ZInD [5] datasets. Finally, our method leads to coherent layout geometry that enables the reconstruction of an entire scene.      
### 66.Magnifying Networks for Images with Billions of Pixels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06121.pdf)
>  The shift towards end-to-end deep learning has brought unprecedented advances in many areas of computer vision. However, there are cases where the input images are excessively large, deeming end-to-end approaches impossible. In this paper, we introduce a new network, the Magnifying Network (MagNet), which can be trained end-to-end independently of the input image size. MagNets combine convolutional neural networks with differentiable spatial transformers, in a new way, to navigate and successfully learn from images with billions of pixels. Drawing inspiration from the magnifying nature of an ordinary brightfield microscope, a MagNet processes a downsampled version of an image, and without supervision learns how to identify areas that may carry value to the task at hand, upsamples them, and recursively repeats this process on each of the extracted patches. Our results on the publicly available Camelyon16 and Camelyon17 datasets first corroborate to the effectiveness of MagNets and the proposed optimization framework and second, demonstrate the advantage of Magnets' built-in transparency, an attribute of utmost importance for critical processes such as medical diagnosis.      
### 67.Sidewalk Measurements from Satellite Images: Preliminary Findings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06120.pdf)
>  Large-scale analysis of pedestrian infrastructures, particularly sidewalks, is critical to human-centric urban planning and design. Benefiting from the rich data set of planimetric features and high-resolution orthoimages provided through the New York City Open Data portal, we train a computer vision model to detect sidewalks, roads, and buildings from remote-sensing imagery and achieve 83% mIoU over held-out test set. We apply shape analysis techniques to study different attributes of the extracted sidewalks. More specifically, we do a tile-wise analysis of the width, angle, and curvature of sidewalks, which aside from their general impacts on walkability and accessibility of urban areas, are known to have significant roles in the mobility of wheelchair users. The preliminary results are promising, glimpsing the potential of the proposed approach to be adopted in different cities, enabling researchers and practitioners to have a more vivid picture of the pedestrian realm.      
### 68.Stereoscopic Universal Perturbations across Different Architectures and Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06116.pdf)
>  We study the effect of adversarial perturbations of images on deep stereo matching networks for the disparity estimation task. We present a method to craft a single set of perturbations that, when added to any stereo image pair in a dataset, can fool a stereo network to significantly alter the perceived scene geometry. Our perturbation images are "universal" in that they not only corrupt estimates of the network on the dataset they are optimized for, but also generalize to stereo networks with different architectures across different datasets. We evaluate our approach on multiple public benchmark datasets and show that our perturbations can increase D1-error (akin to fooling rate) of state-of-the-art stereo networks from 1% to as much as 87%. We investigate the effect of perturbations on the estimated scene geometry and identify object classes that are most vulnerable. Our analysis on the activations of registered points between left and right images led us to find that certain architectural components, i.e. deformable convolution and explicit matching, can increase robustness against adversaries. We demonstrate that by simply designing networks with such components, one can reduce the effect of adversaries by up to 60.5%, which rivals the robustness of networks fine-tuned with costly adversarial data augmentation.      
### 69.Learning from the Tangram to Solve Mini Visual Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06113.pdf)
>  Current pre-training methods in computer vision focus on natural images in the daily-life context. However, abstract diagrams such as icons and symbols are common and important in the real world. This work is inspired by Tangram, a game that requires replicating an abstract pattern from seven dissected shapes. By recording human experience in solving tangram puzzles, we present the Tangram dataset and show that a pre-trained neural model on the Tangram helps solve some mini visual tasks based on low-resolution vision. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed method generates intelligent solutions for aesthetic tasks such as folding clothes and evaluating room layouts. The pre-trained feature extractor can facilitate the convergence of few-shot learning tasks on human handwriting and improve the accuracy in identifying icons by their contours. The Tangram dataset is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yizhouzhao/Tangram" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 70.Controlled-rearing studies of newborn chicks and deep neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06106.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can now achieve human-level performance on challenging object recognition tasks. CNNs are also the leading quantitative models in terms of predicting neural and behavioral responses in visual recognition tasks. However, there is a widely accepted critique of CNN models: unlike newborn animals, which learn rapidly and efficiently, CNNs are thought to be "data hungry," requiring massive amounts of training data to develop accurate models for object recognition. This critique challenges the promise of using CNNs as models of visual development. Here, we directly examined whether CNNs are more data hungry than newborn animals by performing parallel controlled-rearing experiments on newborn chicks and CNNs. We raised newborn chicks in strictly controlled visual environments, then simulated the training data available in that environment by constructing a virtual animal chamber in a video game engine. We recorded the visual images acquired by an agent moving through the virtual chamber and used those images to train CNNs. When CNNs received similar visual training data as chicks, the CNNs successfully solved the same challenging view-invariant object recognition tasks as the chicks. Thus, the CNNs were not more data hungry than animals: both CNNs and chicks successfully developed robust object models from training data of a single object.      
### 71.Synthetic Map Generation to Provide Unlimited Training Data for Historical Map Text Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06104.pdf)
>  Many historical map sheets are publicly available for studies that require long-term historical geographic data. The cartographic design of these maps includes a combination of map symbols and text labels. Automatically reading text labels from map images could greatly speed up the map interpretation and helps generate rich metadata describing the map content. Many text detection algorithms have been proposed to locate text regions in map images automatically, but most of the algorithms are trained on out-ofdomain datasets (e.g., scenic images). Training data determines the quality of machine learning models, and manually annotating text regions in map images is labor-extensive and time-consuming. On the other hand, existing geographic data sources, such as Open- StreetMap (OSM), contain machine-readable map layers, which allow us to separate out the text layer and obtain text label annotations easily. However, the cartographic styles between OSM map tiles and historical maps are significantly different. This paper proposes a method to automatically generate an unlimited amount of annotated historical map images for training text detection models. We use a style transfer model to convert contemporary map images into historical style and place text labels upon them. We show that the state-of-the-art text detection models (e.g., PSENet) can benefit from the synthetic historical maps and achieve significant improvement for historical map text detection.      
### 72.Improving Vision Transformers for Incremental Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06103.pdf)
>  This paper studies using Vision Transformers (ViT) in class incremental learning. Surprisingly, naive application of ViT to replace convolutional neural networks (CNNs) results in performance degradation. Our analysis reveals three issues of naively using ViT: (a) ViT has very slow convergence when class number is small, (b) more bias towards new classes is observed in ViT than CNN-based models, and (c) the proper learning rate of ViT is too low to learn a good classifier. Base on this analysis, we show these issues can be simply addressed by using existing techniques: using convolutional stem, balanced finetuning to correct bias, and higher learning rate for the classifier. Our simple solution, named ViTIL (ViT for Incremental Learning), achieves the new state-of-the-art for all three class incremental learning setups by a clear margin, providing a strong baseline for the research community. For instance, on ImageNet-1000, our ViTIL achieves 69.20% top-1 accuracy for the protocol of 500 initial classes with 5 incremental steps (100 new classes for each), outperforming LUCIR+DDE by 1.69%. For more challenging protocol of 10 incremental steps (100 new classes), our method outperforms PODNet by 7.27% (65.13% vs. 57.86%).      
### 73.Early Stopping for Deep Image Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06074.pdf)
>  Deep image prior (DIP) and its variants have showed remarkable potential for solving inverse problems in computer vision, without any extra training data. Practical DIP models are often substantially overparameterized. During the fitting process, these models learn mostly the desired visual content first, and then pick up the potential modeling and observational noise, i.e., overfitting. Thus, the practicality of DIP often depends critically on good early stopping (ES) that captures the transition period. In this regard, the majority of DIP works for vision tasks only demonstrates the potential of the models -- reporting the peak performance against the ground truth, but provides no clue about how to operationally obtain near-peak performance without access to the groundtruth. In this paper, we set to break this practicality barrier of DIP, and propose an efficient ES strategy, which consistently detects near-peak performance across several vision tasks and DIP variants. Based on a simple measure of dispersion of consecutive DIP reconstructions, our ES method not only outpaces the existing ones -- which only work in very narrow domains, but also remains effective when combined with a number of methods that try to mitigate the overfitting. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sun-umn/Early_Stopping_for_DIP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 74.On Automatic Data Augmentation for 3D Point Cloud Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06029.pdf)
>  Data augmentation is an important technique to reduce overfitting and improve learning performance, but existing works on data augmentation for 3D point cloud data are based on heuristics. In this work, we instead propose to automatically learn a data augmentation strategy using bilevel optimization. An augmentor is designed in a similar fashion to a conditional generator and is optimized by minimizing a base model's loss on a validation set when the augmented input is used for training the model. This formulation provides a more principled way to learn data augmentation on 3D point clouds. We evaluate our approach on standard point cloud classification tasks and a more challenging setting with pose misalignment between training and validation/test sets. The proposed strategy achieves competitive performance on both tasks and we provide further insight into the augmentor's ability to learn the validation set distribution.      
### 75.Improving the Transferability of Adversarial Examples with Resized-Diverse-Inputs, Diversity-Ensemble and Region Fitting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06011.pdf)
>  We introduce a three stage pipeline: resized-diverse-inputs (RDIM), diversity-ensemble (DEM) and region fitting, that work together to generate transferable adversarial examples. We first explore the internal relationship between existing attacks, and propose RDIM that is capable of exploiting this relationship. Then we propose DEM, the multi-scale version of RDIM, to generate multi-scale gradients. After the first two steps we transform value fitting into region fitting across iterations. RDIM and region fitting do not require extra running time and these three steps can be well integrated into other attacks. Our best attack fools six black-box defenses with a 93% success rate on average, which is higher than the state-of-the-art gradient-based attacks. Besides, we rethink existing attacks rather than simply stacking new methods on the old ones to get better performance. It is expected that our findings will serve as the beginning of exploring the internal relationship between attack methods. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/278287847/DEM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 76.Curvature-guided dynamic scale networks for Multi-view Stereo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05999.pdf)
>  Multi-view stereo (MVS) is a crucial task for precise 3D reconstruction. Most recent studies tried to improve the performance of matching cost volume in MVS by designing aggregated 3D cost volumes and their regularization. This paper focuses on learning a robust feature extraction network to enhance the performance of matching costs without heavy computation in the other steps. In particular, we present a dynamic scale feature extraction network, namely, CDSFNet. It is composed of multiple novel convolution layers, each of which can select a proper patch scale for each pixel guided by the normal curvature of the image surface. As a result, CDFSNet can estimate the optimal patch scales to learn discriminative features for accurate matching computation between reference and source images. By combining the robust extracted features with an appropriate cost formulation strategy, our resulting MVS architecture can estimate depth maps more precisely. Extensive experiments showed that the proposed method outperforms other state-of-the-art methods on complex outdoor scenes. It significantly improves the completeness of reconstructed models. As a result, the method can process higher resolution inputs within faster run-time and lower memory than other MVS methods. Our source code is available at url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TruongKhang/cds-mvsnet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 77.Object Counting: You Only Need to Look at One  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05993.pdf)
>  This paper aims to tackle the challenging task of one-shot object counting. Given an image containing novel, previously unseen category objects, the goal of the task is to count all instances in the desired category with only one supporting bounding box example. To this end, we propose a counting model by which you only need to Look At One instance (LaoNet). First, a feature correlation module combines the Self-Attention and Correlative-Attention modules to learn both inner-relations and inter-relations. It enables the network to be robust to the inconsistency of rotations and sizes among different instances. Second, a Scale Aggregation mechanism is designed to help extract features with different scale information. Compared with existing few-shot counting methods, LaoNet achieves state-of-the-art results while learning with a high convergence speed. The code will be available soon.      
### 78.Overview of The MediaEval 2021 Predicting Media Memorability Task  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05982.pdf)
>  This paper describes the MediaEval 2021 Predicting Media Memorability}task, which is in its 4th edition this year, as the prediction of short-term and long-term video memorability remains a challenging task. In 2021, two datasets of videos are used: first, a subset of the TRECVid 2019 Video-to-Text dataset; second, the Memento10K dataset in order to provide opportunities to explore cross-dataset generalisation. In addition, an Electroencephalography (EEG)-based prediction pilot subtask is introduced. In this paper, we outline the main aspects of the task and describe the datasets, evaluation metrics, and requirements for participants' submissions.      
### 79.CPRAL: Collaborative Panoptic-Regional Active Learning for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05975.pdf)
>  Acquiring the most representative examples via active learning (AL) can benefit many data-dependent computer vision tasks by minimizing efforts of image-level or pixel-wise annotations. In this paper, we propose a novel Collaborative Panoptic-Regional Active Learning framework (CPRAL) to address the semantic segmentation task. For a small batch of images initially sampled with pixel-wise annotations, we employ panoptic information to initially select unlabeled samples. Considering the class imbalance in the segmentation dataset, we import a Regional Gaussian Attention module (RGA) to achieve semantics-biased selection. The subset is highlighted by vote entropy and then attended by Gaussian kernels to maximize the biased regions. We also propose a Contextual Labels Extension (CLE) to boost regional annotations with contextual attention guidance. With the collaboration of semantics-agnostic panoptic matching and regionbiased selection and extension, our CPRAL can strike a balance between labeling efforts and performance and compromise the semantics distribution. We perform extensive experiments on Cityscapes and BDD10K datasets and show that CPRAL outperforms the cutting-edge methods with impressive results and less labeling proportion.      
### 80.You Only Need End-to-End Training for Long-Tailed Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05958.pdf)
>  The generalization gap on the long-tailed data sets is largely owing to most categories only occupying a few training samples. Decoupled training achieves better performance by training backbone and classifier separately. What causes the poorer performance of end-to-end model training (e.g., logits margin-based methods)? In this work, we identify a key factor that affects the learning of the classifier: the channel-correlated features with low entropy before inputting into the classifier. From the perspective of information theory, we analyze why cross-entropy loss tends to produce highly correlated features on the imbalanced data. In addition, we theoretically analyze and prove its impacts on the gradients of classifier weights, the condition number of Hessian, and logits margin-based approach. Therefore, we firstly propose to use Channel Whitening to decorrelate ("scatter") the classifier's inputs for decoupling the weight update and reshaping the skewed decision boundary, which achieves satisfactory results combined with logits margin-based method. However, when the number of minor classes are large, batch imbalance and more participation in training cause over-fitting of the major classes. We also propose two novel modules, Block-based Relatively Balanced Batch Sampler (B3RS) and Batch Embedded Training (BET) to solve the above problems, which makes the end-to-end training achieve even better performance than decoupled training. Experimental results on the long-tailed classification benchmarks, CIFAR-LT and ImageNet-LT, demonstrate the effectiveness of our method.      
### 81.AvatarMe++: Facial Shape and BRDF Inference with Photorealistic Rendering-Aware GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05957.pdf)
>  Over the last years, many face analysis tasks have accomplished astounding performance, with applications including face generation and 3D face reconstruction from a single "in-the-wild" image. Nevertheless, to the best of our knowledge, there is no method which can produce render-ready high-resolution 3D faces from "in-the-wild" images and this can be attributed to the: (a) scarcity of available data for training, and (b) lack of robust methodologies that can successfully be applied on very high-resolution data. In this work, we introduce the first method that is able to reconstruct photorealistic render-ready 3D facial geometry and BRDF from a single "in-the-wild" image. We capture a large dataset of facial shape and reflectance, which we have made public. We define a fast facial photorealistic differentiable rendering methodology with accurate facial skin diffuse and specular reflection, self-occlusion and subsurface scattering approximation. With this, we train a network that disentangles the facial diffuse and specular BRDF components from a shape and texture with baked illumination, reconstructed with a state-of-the-art 3DMM fitting method. Our method outperforms the existing arts by a significant margin and reconstructs high-resolution 3D faces from a single low-resolution image, that can be rendered in various applications, and bridge the uncanny valley.      
### 82.Smooth-Swap: A Simple Enhancement for Face-Swapping with Smoothness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05907.pdf)
>  In recent years, face-swapping models have progressed in generation quality and drawn attention for their applications in privacy protection and entertainment. However, their complex architectures and loss functions often require careful tuning for successful training. In this paper, we propose a new face-swapping model called `Smooth-Swap', which focuses on deriving the smoothness of the identity embedding instead of employing complex handcrafted designs. We postulate that the gist of the difficulty in face-swapping is unstable gradients and it can be resolved by a smooth identity embedder. Smooth-swap adopts an embedder trained using supervised contrastive learning, where we find its improved smoothness allows faster and stable training even with a simple U-Net-based generator and three basic loss functions. Extensive experiments on face-swapping benchmarks (FFHQ, FaceForensics++) and face images in the wild show that our model is also quantitatively and qualitatively comparable or even superior to existing methods in terms of identity change.      
### 83.COMPOSER: Compositional Learning of Group Activity in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05892.pdf)
>  Group Activity Recognition (GAR) detects the activity performed by a group of actors in a short video clip. The task requires the compositional understanding of scene entities and relational reasoning between them. We approach GAR by modeling the video as a series of tokens that represent the multi-scale semantic concepts in the video. We propose COMPOSER, a Multiscale Transformer based architecture that performs attention-based reasoning over tokens at each scale and learns group activity compositionally. In addition, we only use the keypoint modality which reduces scene biases and improves the generalization ability of the model. We improve the multi-scale representations in COMPOSER by clustering the intermediate scale representations, while maintaining consistent cluster assignments between scales. Finally, we use techniques such as auxiliary prediction and novel data augmentations (e.g., Actor Dropout) to aid model training. We demonstrate the model's strength and interpretability on the challenging Volleyball dataset. COMPOSER achieves a new state-of-the-art 94.5% accuracy with the keypoint-only modality. COMPOSER outperforms the latest GAR methods that rely on RGB signals, and performs favorably compared against methods that exploit multiple modalities. Our code will be available.      
### 84.Self-supervised Spatiotemporal Representation Learning by Exploiting Video Continuity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05883.pdf)
>  Recent self-supervised video representation learning methods have found significant success by exploring essential properties of videos, e.g. speed, temporal order, etc. This work exploits an essential yet under-explored property of videos, the \textit{video continuity}, to obtain supervision signals for self-supervised representation learning. Specifically, we formulate three novel continuity-related pretext tasks, i.e. continuity justification, discontinuity localization, and missing section approximation, that jointly supervise a shared backbone for video representation learning. This self-supervision approach, termed as Continuity Perception Network (CPNet), solves the three tasks altogether and encourages the backbone network to learn local and long-ranged motion and context representations. It outperforms prior arts on multiple downstream tasks, such as action recognition, video retrieval, and action localization. Additionally, the video continuity can be complementary to other coarse-grained video properties for representation learning, and integrating the proposed pretext task to prior arts can yield much performance gains.      
### 85.Attacking Point Cloud Segmentation with Color-only Perturbation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05871.pdf)
>  Recent research efforts on 3D point-cloud semantic segmentation have achieved outstanding performance by adopting deep CNN (convolutional neural networks) and GCN (graph convolutional networks). However, the robustness of these complex models has not been systematically analyzed. Given that semantic segmentation has been applied in many safety-critical applications (e.g., autonomous driving, geological sensing), it is important to fill this knowledge gap, in particular, how these models are affected under adversarial samples. While adversarial attacks against point cloud have been studied, we found all of them were targeting single-object recognition, and the perturbation is done on the point coordinates. We argue that the coordinate-based perturbation is unlikely to realize under the physical-world constraints. Hence, we propose a new color-only perturbation method named COLPER, and tailor it to semantic segmentation. By evaluating COLPER on an indoor dataset (S3DIS) and an outdoor dataset (Semantic3D) against three point cloud segmentation models (PointNet++, DeepGCNs, and RandLA-Net), we found color-only perturbation is sufficient to significantly drop the segmentation accuracy and aIoU, under both targeted and non-targeted attack settings.      
### 86.A Discriminative Channel Diversification Network for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05861.pdf)
>  Channel attention mechanisms in convolutional neural networks have been proven to be effective in various computer vision tasks. However, the performance improvement comes with additional model complexity and computation cost. In this paper, we propose a light-weight and effective attention module, called channel diversification block, to enhance the global context by establishing the channel relationship at the global level. Unlike other channel attention mechanisms, the proposed module focuses on the most discriminative features by giving more attention to the spatially distinguishable channels while taking account of the channel activation. Different from other attention models that plugin the module in between several intermediate layers, the proposed module is embedded at the end of the backbone networks, making it easy to implement. Extensive experiments on CIFAR-10, SVHN, and Tiny-ImageNet datasets demonstrate that the proposed module improves the performance of the baseline networks by a margin of 3% on average.      
### 87.Short and Long Range Relation Based Spatio-Temporal Transformer for Micro-Expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05851.pdf)
>  Being spontaneous, micro-expressions are useful in the inference of a person's true emotions even if an attempt is made to conceal them. Due to their short duration and low intensity, the recognition of micro-expressions is a difficult task in affective computing. The early work based on handcrafted spatio-temporal features which showed some promise, has recently been superseded by different deep learning approaches which now compete for the state of the art performance. Nevertheless, the problem of capturing both local and global spatio-temporal patterns remains challenging. To this end, herein we propose a novel spatio-temporal transformer architecture -- to the best of our knowledge, the first purely transformer based approach (i.e. void of any convolutional network use) for micro-expression recognition. The architecture comprises a spatial encoder which learns spatial patterns, a temporal aggregator for temporal dimension analysis, and a classification head. A comprehensive evaluation on three widely used spontaneous micro-expression data sets, namely SMIC-HS, CASME II and SAMM, shows that the proposed approach consistently outperforms the state of the art, and is the first framework in the published literature on micro-expression recognition to achieve the unweighted F1-score greater than 0.9 on any of the aforementioned data sets.      
### 88.A Novel Gaussian Process Based Ground Segmentation Algorithm with Local-Smoothness Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05847.pdf)
>  Autonomous Land Vehicles (ALV) shall efficiently recognize the ground in unknown environments. A novel $\mathcal{GP}$-based method is proposed for the ground segmentation task in rough driving scenarios. A non-stationary covariance function is utilized as the kernel for the $\mathcal{GP}$. The ground surface behavior is assumed to only demonstrate local-smoothness. Thus, point estimates of the kernel's length-scales are obtained. Thus, two Gaussian processes are introduced to separately model the observation and local characteristics of the data. While, the \textit{observation process} is used to model the ground, the \textit{latent process} is put on length-scale values to estimate point values of length-scales at each input location. Input locations for this latent process are chosen in a physically-motivated procedure to represent an intuition about ground condition. Furthermore, an intuitive guess of length-scale value is represented by assuming the existence of hypothetical surfaces in the environment that every bunch of data points may be assumed to be resulted from measurements from this surfaces. Bayesian inference is implemented using \textit{maximum a Posteriori} criterion. The log-marginal likelihood function is assumed to be a multi-task objective function, to represent a whole-frame unbiased view of the ground at each frame. Simulation results shows the effectiveness of the proposed method even in an uneven, rough scene which outperforms similar Gaussian process based ground segmentation methods. While adjacent segments do not have similar ground structure in an uneven scene, the proposed method gives an efficient ground estimation based on a whole-frame viewpoint instead of just estimating segment-wise probable ground surfaces.      
### 89.Semantic Interaction in Augmented Reality Environments for Microsoft HoloLens  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05846.pdf)
>  Augmented Reality is a promising technique for human-machine interaction. Especially in robotics, which always considers systems in their environment, it is highly beneficial to display visualizations and receive user input directly in exactly that environment. We explore this idea using the Microsoft HoloLens, with which we capture indoor environments and display interaction cues with known object classes. The 3D mesh recorded by the HoloLens is annotated on-line, as the user moves, with semantic classes using a projective approach, which allows us to use a state-of-the-art 2D semantic segmentation method. The results are fused onto the mesh; prominent object segments are identified and displayed in 3D to the user. Finally, the user can trigger actions by gesturing at the object. We both present qualitative results and analyze the accuracy and performance of our method in detail on an indoor dataset.      
### 90.Quality-Aware Multimodal Biometric Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05827.pdf)
>  We present a quality-aware multimodal recognition framework that combines representations from multiple biometric traits with varying quality and number of samples to achieve increased recognition accuracy by extracting complimentary identification information based on the quality of the samples. We develop a quality-aware framework for fusing representations of input modalities by weighting their importance using quality scores estimated in a weakly-supervised fashion. This framework utilizes two fusion blocks, each represented by a set of quality-aware and aggregation networks. In addition to architecture modifications, we propose two task-specific loss functions: multimodal separability loss and multimodal compactness loss. The first loss assures that the representations of modalities for a class have comparable magnitudes to provide a better quality estimation, while the multimodal representations of different classes are distributed to achieve maximum discrimination in the embedding space. The second loss, which is considered to regularize the network weights, improves the generalization performance by regularizing the framework. We evaluate the performance by considering three multimodal datasets consisting of face, iris, and fingerprint modalities. The efficacy of the framework is demonstrated through comparison with the state-of-the-art algorithms. In particular, our framework outperforms the rank- and score-level fusion of modalities of BIOMDATA by more than 30% for true acceptance rate at false acceptance rate of $10^{-4}$.      
### 91.Revisiting Consistency Regularization for Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05825.pdf)
>  Consistency regularization is one of the most widely-used techniques for semi-supervised learning (SSL). Generally, the aim is to train a model that is invariant to various data augmentations. In this paper, we revisit this idea and find that enforcing invariance by decreasing distances between features from differently augmented images leads to improved performance. However, encouraging equivariance instead, by increasing the feature distance, further improves performance. To this end, we propose an improved consistency regularization framework by a simple yet effective technique, FeatDistLoss, that imposes consistency and equivariance on the classifier and the feature level, respectively. Experimental results show that our model defines a new state of the art for various datasets and settings and outperforms previous work by a significant margin, particularly in low data regimes. Extensive experiments are conducted to analyze the method, and the code will be published.      
### 92.Deep ViT Features as Dense Visual Descriptors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05814.pdf)
>  We leverage deep features extracted from a pre-trained Vision Transformer (ViT) as dense visual descriptors. We demonstrate that such features, when extracted from a self-supervised ViT model (DINO-ViT), exhibit several striking properties: (i) the features encode powerful high level information at high spatial resolution -- i.e., capture semantic object parts at fine spatial granularity, and (ii) the encoded semantic information is shared across related, yet different object categories (i.e. super-categories). These properties allow us to design powerful dense ViT descriptors that facilitate a variety of applications, including co-segmentation, part co-segmentation and correspondences -- all achieved by applying lightweight methodologies to deep ViT features (e.g., binning / clustering). We take these applications further to the realm of inter-class tasks -- demonstrating how objects from related categories can be commonly segmented into semantic parts, under significant pose and appearance changes. Our methods, extensively evaluated qualitatively and quantitatively, achieve state-of-the-art part co-segmentation results, and competitive results with recent supervised methods trained specifically for co-segmentation and correspondences.      
### 93.Benchmarking human visual search computational models in natural scenes: models comparison and reference datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05808.pdf)
>  Visual search is an essential part of almost any everyday human goal-directed interaction with the environment. Nowadays, several algorithms are able to predict gaze positions during simple observation, but few models attempt to simulate human behavior during visual search in natural scenes. Furthermore, these models vary widely in their design and exhibit differences in the datasets and metrics with which they were evaluated. Thus, there is a need for a reference point, on which each model can be tested and from where potential improvements can be derived. In the present work, we select publicly available state-of-the-art visual search models in natural scenes and evaluate them on different datasets, employing the same metrics to estimate their efficiency and similarity with human subjects. In particular, we propose an improvement to the Ideal Bayesian Searcher through a combination with a neural network-based visual search model, enabling it to generalize to other datasets. The present work sheds light on the limitations of current models and how potential improvements can be accomplished by combining approaches. Moreover, it moves forward on providing a solution for the urgent need for benchmarking data and metrics to support the development of more general human visual search computational models.      
### 94.Guided Generative Models using Weak Supervision for Detecting Object Spatial Arrangement in Overhead Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05786.pdf)
>  The increasing availability and accessibility of numerous overhead images allows us to estimate and assess the spatial arrangement of groups of geospatial target objects, which can benefit many applications, such as traffic monitoring and agricultural monitoring. Spatial arrangement estimation is the process of identifying the areas which contain the desired objects in overhead images. Traditional supervised object detection approaches can estimate accurate spatial arrangement but require large amounts of bounding box annotations. Recent semi-supervised clustering approaches can reduce manual labeling but still require annotations for all object categories in the image. This paper presents the target-guided generative model (TGGM), under the Variational Auto-encoder (VAE) framework, which uses Gaussian Mixture Models (GMM) to estimate the distributions of both hidden and decoder variables in VAE. Modeling both hidden and decoder variables by GMM reduces the required manual annotations significantly for spatial arrangement estimation. Unlike existing approaches that the training process can only update the GMM as a whole in the optimization iterations (e.g., a "minibatch"), TGGM allows the update of individual GMM components separately in the same optimization iteration. Optimizing GMM components separately allows TGGM to exploit the semantic relationships in spatial data and requires only a few labels to initiate and guide the generative process. Our experiments shows that TGGM achieves results comparable to the state-of-the-art semi-supervised methods and outperforms unsupervised methods by 10% based on the $F_{1}$ scores, while requiring significantly fewer labeled data.      
### 95.Improving and Diagnosing Knowledge-Based Visual Question Answering via Entity Enhanced Knowledge Injection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06888.pdf)
>  Knowledge-Based Visual Question Answering (KBVQA) is a bi-modal task requiring external world knowledge in order to correctly answer a text question and associated image. Recent single modality text work has shown knowledge injection into pre-trained language models, specifically entity enhanced knowledge graph embeddings, can improve performance on downstream entity-centric tasks. In this work, we empirically study how and whether such methods, applied in a bi-modal setting, can improve an existing VQA system's performance on the KBVQA task. We experiment with two large publicly available VQA datasets, (1) KVQA which contains mostly rare Wikipedia entities and (2) OKVQA which is less entity-centric and more aligned with common sense reasoning. Both lack explicit entity spans and we study the effect of different weakly supervised and manual methods for obtaining them. Additionally we analyze how recently proposed bi-modal and single modal attention explanations are affected by the incorporation of such entity enhanced representations. Our results show substantial improved performance on the KBVQA task without the need for additional costly pre-training and we provide insights for when entity knowledge injection helps improve a model's understanding. We provide code and enhanced datasets for reproducibility.      
### 96.hARMS: A Hardware Acceleration Architecture for Real-Time Event-Based Optical Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06772.pdf)
>  Event-based vision sensors produce asynchronous event streams with high temporal resolution based on changes in the visual scene. The properties of these sensors allow for accurate and fast calculation of optical flow as events are generated. Existing solutions for calculating optical flow from event data either fail to capture the true direction of motion due to the aperture problem, do not use the high temporal resolution of the sensor, or are too computationally expensive to be run in real time on embedded platforms. In this research, we first present a faster version of our previous algorithm, ARMS (Aperture Robust Multi-Scale flow). The new optimized software version (fARMS) significantly improves throughput on a traditional CPU. Further, we present hARMS, a hardware realization of the fARMS algorithm allowing for real-time computation of true flow on low-power, embedded platforms. The proposed hARMS architecture targets hybrid system-on-chip devices and was designed to maximize configurability and throughput. The hardware architecture and fARMS algorithm were developed with asynchronous neuromorphic processing in mind, abandoning the common use of an event frame and instead operating using only a small history of relevant events, allowing latency to scale independently of the sensor resolution. This change in processing paradigm improved the estimation of flow directions by up to 73% compared to the existing method and yielded a demonstrated hARMS throughput of up to 1.21 Mevent/s on the benchmark configuration selected. This throughput enables real-time performance and makes it the fastest known realization of aperture-robust, event-based optical flow to date.      
### 97.Hformer: Hybrid CNN-Transformer for Fringe Order Prediction in Phase Unwrapping of Fringe Projection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06759.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning has attracted more and more attention in phase unwrapping of fringe projection three-dimensional (3D) measurement, with the aim to improve the performance leveraging the powerful Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) models. In this paper, for the first time (to the best of our knowledge), we introduce the Transformer into the phase unwrapping which is different from CNN and propose Hformer model dedicated to phase unwrapping via fringe order prediction. The proposed model has a hybrid CNN-Transformer architecture that is mainly composed of backbone, encoder and decoder to take advantage of both CNN and Transformer. Encoder and decoder with cross attention are designed for the fringe order prediction. Experimental results show that the proposed Hformer model achieves better performance in fringe order prediction compared with the CNN models such as U-Net and DCNN. Moreover, ablation study on Hformer is made to verify the improved feature pyramid networks (FPN) and testing strategy with flipping in the predicted fringe order. Our work opens an alternative way to deep learning based phase unwrapping methods, which are dominated by CNN in fringe projection 3D measurement.      
### 98.Hypernet-Ensemble Learning of Segmentation Probability for Medical Image Segmentation with Ambiguous Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06693.pdf)
>  Despite the superior performance of Deep Learning (DL) on numerous segmentation tasks, the DL-based approaches are notoriously overconfident about their prediction with highly polarized label probability. This is often not desirable for many applications with the inherent label ambiguity even in human annotations. This challenge has been addressed by leveraging multiple annotations per image and the segmentation uncertainty. However, multiple per-image annotations are often not available in a real-world application and the uncertainty does not provide full control on segmentation results to users. In this paper, we propose novel methods to improve the segmentation probability estimation without sacrificing performance in a real-world scenario that we have only one ambiguous annotation per image. We marginalize the estimated segmentation probability maps of networks that are encouraged to under-/over-segment with the varying Tversky loss without penalizing balanced segmentation. Moreover, we propose a unified hypernetwork ensemble method to alleviate the computational burden of training multiple networks. Our approaches successfully estimated the segmentation probability maps that reflected the underlying structures and provided the intuitive control on segmentation for the challenging 3D medical image segmentation. Although the main focus of our proposed methods is not to improve the binary segmentation performance, our approaches marginally outperformed the state-of-the-arts. The codes are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sh4174/HypernetEnsemble" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 99.Learning to Learn Transferable Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06658.pdf)
>  Transfer adversarial attack is a non-trivial black-box adversarial attack that aims to craft adversarial perturbations on the surrogate model and then apply such perturbations to the victim model. However, the transferability of perturbations from existing methods is still limited, since the adversarial perturbations are easily overfitting with a single surrogate model and specific data pattern. In this paper, we propose a Learning to Learn Transferable Attack (LLTA) method, which makes the adversarial perturbations more generalized via learning from both data and model augmentation. For data augmentation, we adopt simple random resizing and padding. For model augmentation, we randomly alter the back propagation instead of the forward propagation to eliminate the effect on the model prediction. By treating the attack of both specific data and a modified model as a task, we expect the adversarial perturbations to adopt enough tasks for generalization. To this end, the meta-learning algorithm is further introduced during the iteration of perturbation generation. Empirical results on the widely-used dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of our attack method with a 12.85% higher success rate of transfer attack compared with the state-of-the-art methods. We also evaluate our method on the real-world online system, i.e., Google Cloud Vision API, to further show the practical potentials of our method.      
### 100.MinkLoc3D-SI: 3D LiDAR place recognition with sparse convolutions, spherical coordinates, and intensity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06539.pdf)
>  The 3D LiDAR place recognition aims to estimate a coarse localization in a previously seen environment based on a single scan from a rotating 3D LiDAR sensor. The existing solutions to this problem include hand-crafted point cloud descriptors (e.g., ScanContext, M2DP, LiDAR IRIS) and deep learning-based solutions (e.g., PointNetVLAD, PCAN, LPDNet, DAGC, MinkLoc3D), which are often only evaluated on accumulated 2D scans from the Oxford RobotCar dataset. We introduce MinkLoc3D-SI, a sparse convolution-based solution that utilizes spherical coordinates of 3D points and processes the intensity of 3D LiDAR measurements, improving the performance when a single 3D LiDAR scan is used. Our method integrates the improvements typical for hand-crafted descriptors (like ScanContext) with the most efficient 3D sparse convolutions (MinkLoc3D). Our experiments show improved results on single scans from 3D LiDARs (USyd Campus dataset) and great generalization ability (KITTI dataset). Using intensity information on accumulated 2D scans (RobotCar Intensity dataset) improves the performance, even though spherical representation doesn't produce a noticeable improvement. As a result, MinkLoc3D-SI is suited for single scans obtained from a 3D LiDAR, making it applicable in autonomous vehicles.      
### 101.Ex-Model: Continual Learning from a Stream of Trained Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06511.pdf)
>  Learning continually from non-stationary data streams is a challenging research topic of growing popularity in the last few years. Being able to learn, adapt, and generalize continually in an efficient, effective, and scalable way is fundamental for a sustainable development of Artificial Intelligent systems. However, an agent-centric view of continual learning requires learning directly from raw data, which limits the interaction between independent agents, the efficiency, and the privacy of current approaches. Instead, we argue that continual learning systems should exploit the availability of compressed information in the form of trained models. In this paper, we introduce and formalize a new paradigm named "Ex-Model Continual Learning" (ExML), where an agent learns from a sequence of previously trained models instead of raw data. We further contribute with three ex-model continual learning algorithms and an empirical setting comprising three datasets (MNIST, CIFAR-10 and CORe50), and eight scenarios, where the proposed algorithms are extensively tested. Finally, we highlight the peculiarities of the ex-model paradigm and we point out interesting future research directions.      
### 102.gACSON software for automated segmentation and morphology analyses of myelinated axons in 3D electron microscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06476.pdf)
>  Background and Objective: Advances in electron microscopy (EM) now allow three-dimensional (3D) imaging of hundreds of micrometers of tissue with nanometer-scale resolution, providing new opportunities to study the ultrastructure of the brain. In this work, we introduce a freely available gACSON software for visualization, segmentation, assessment, and morphology analysis of myelinated axons in 3D-EM volumes of brain tissue samples. Methods: The gACSON software is equipped with a graphical user interface (GUI). It automatically segments the intra-axonal space of myelinated axons and their corresponding myelin sheaths and allows manual segmentation, proofreading, and interactive correction of the segmented components. gACSON analyzes the morphology of myelinated axons, such as axonal diameter, axonal eccentricity, myelin thickness, or g-ratio. Results: We illustrate the use of gACSON by segmenting and analyzing myelinated axons in six 3D-EM volumes of rat somatosensory cortex after sham surgery or traumatic brain injury (TBI). Our results suggest that the equivalent diameter of myelinated axons in somatisensory cortex was decreased in TBI animals five months after the injury. Conclusions: Our results indicate that gACSON is a valuable tool for visualization, segmentation, assessment, and morphology analysis of myelinated axons in 3D-EM volumes. gACSON is freely available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/AndreaBehan/g-ACSON" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> under the MIT license.      
### 103.LC-FDNet: Learned Lossless Image Compression with Frequency Decomposition Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06417.pdf)
>  Recent learning-based lossless image compression methods encode an image in the unit of subimages and achieve comparable performances to conventional non-learning algorithms. However, these methods do not consider the performance drop in the high-frequency region, giving equal consideration to the low and high-frequency areas. In this paper, we propose a new lossless image compression method that proceeds the encoding in a coarse-to-fine manner to separate and process low and high-frequency regions differently. We initially compress the low-frequency components and then use them as additional input for encoding the remaining high-frequency region. The low-frequency components act as a strong prior in this case, which leads to improved estimation in the high-frequency area. In addition, we design the frequency decomposition process to be adaptive to color channel, spatial location, and image characteristics. As a result, our method derives an image-specific optimal ratio of low/high-frequency components. Experiments show that the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance for benchmark high-resolution datasets.      
### 104.DPICT: Deep Progressive Image Compression Using Trit-Planes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06334.pdf)
>  We propose the deep progressive image compression using trit-planes (DPICT) algorithm, which is the first learning-based codec supporting fine granular scalability (FGS). First, we transform an image into a latent tensor using an analysis network. Then, we represent the latent tensor in ternary digits (trits) and encode it into a compressed bitstream trit-plane by trit-plane in the decreasing order of significance. Moreover, within each trit-plane, we sort the trits according to their rate-distortion priorities and transmit more important information first. Since the compression network is less optimized for the cases of using fewer trit-planes, we develop a postprocessing network for refining reconstructed images at low rates. Experimental results show that DPICT outperforms conventional progressive codecs significantly, while enabling FGS transmission.      
### 105.Up to 100x Faster Data-free Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06253.pdf)
>  Data-free knowledge distillation (DFKD) has recently been attracting increasing attention from research communities, attributed to its capability to compress a model only using synthetic data. Despite the encouraging results achieved, state-of-the-art DFKD methods still suffer from the inefficiency of data synthesis, making the data-free training process extremely time-consuming and thus inapplicable for large-scale tasks. In this work, we introduce an efficacious scheme, termed as FastDFKD, that allows us to accelerate DFKD by a factor of orders of magnitude. At the heart of our approach is a novel strategy to reuse the shared common features in training data so as to synthesize different data instances. Unlike prior methods that optimize a set of data independently, we propose to learn a meta-synthesizer that seeks common features as the initialization for the fast data synthesis. As a result, FastDFKD achieves data synthesis within only a few steps, significantly enhancing the efficiency of data-free training. Experiments over CIFAR, NYUv2, and ImageNet demonstrate that the proposed FastDFKD achieves 10$\times$ and even 100$\times$ acceleration while preserving performances on par with state of the art.      
### 106.Attention based Broadly Self-guided Network for Low light Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06226.pdf)
>  During the past years,deep convolutional neural networks have achieved impressive success in low-light Image Enhancement.Existing deep learning methods mostly enhance the ability of feature extraction by stacking network structures and deepening the depth of the network.which causes more runtime cost on single <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://image.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> order to reduce inference time while fully extracting local features and global features.Inspired by SGN,we propose a Attention based Broadly self-guided network (ABSGN) for real world low-light image Enhancement.such a broadly strategy is able to handle the noise at different exposures.The proposed network is validated by many mainstream benchmark.Additional experimental results show that the proposed network outperforms most of state-of-the-art low-light image Enhancement solutions.      
### 107.Improving Performance of Federated Learning based Medical Image Analysis in Non-IID Settings using Image Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06194.pdf)
>  Federated Learning (FL) is a suitable solution for making use of sensitive data belonging to patients, people, companies, or industries that are obligatory to work under rigid privacy constraints. FL mainly or partially supports data privacy and security issues and provides an alternative to model problems facilitating multiple edge devices or organizations to contribute a training of a global model using a number of local data without having them. Non-IID data of FL caused from its distributed nature presents a significant performance degradation and stabilization skews. This paper introduces a novel method dynamically balancing the data distributions of clients by augmenting images to address the non-IID data problem of FL. The introduced method remarkably stabilizes the model training and improves the model's test accuracy from 83.22% to 89.43% for multi-chest diseases detection of chest X-ray images in highly non-IID FL setting. The results of IID, non-IID and non-IID with proposed method federated trainings demonstrated that the proposed method might help to encourage organizations or researchers in developing better systems to get values from data with respect to data privacy not only for healthcare but also other fields.      
### 108.Two New Stenosis Detection Methods of Coronary Angiograms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06149.pdf)
>  Coronary angiography is the "gold standard" for diagnosing coronary artery disease (CAD). At present, the methods for detecting and evaluating coronary artery stenosis cannot satisfy the clinical needs, e.g., there is no prior study of detecting stenoses in prespecified vessel segments, which is necessary in clinical practice. Two vascular stenosis detection methods are proposed to assist the diagnosis. The first one is an automatic method, which can automatically extract the entire coronary artery tree and mark all the possible stenoses. The second one is an interactive method. With this method, the user can choose any vessel segment to do further analysis of its stenoses. Experiments show that the proposed methods are robust for angiograms with various vessel structures. The precision, sensitivity, and $F_1$ score of the automatic stenosis detection method are 0.821, 0.757, and 0.788, respectively. Further investigation proves that the interactive method can provide a more precise outcome of stenosis detection, and our quantitative analysis is closer to reality. The proposed automatic method and interactive method are effective and can complement each other in clinical practice. The first method can be used for preliminary screening, and the second method can be used for further quantitative analysis. We believe the proposed solution is more suitable for the clinical diagnosis of CAD.      
### 109.PRNet: A Periodic Residual Learning Network for Crowd Flow Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06132.pdf)
>  Crowd flow forecasting, e.g., predicting the crowds entering or leaving certain regions, is of great importance to real-world urban applications. One of the key properties of crowd flow data is periodicity: a pattern that occurs at regular time intervals, such as a weekly pattern. To capture such periodicity, existing studies either explicitly model it based on the periodic hidden states or implicitly learn it by feeding all periodic segments into neural networks. In this paper, we devise a novel periodic residual learning network (PRNet) for better modeling the periodicity in crowd flow data. Differing from existing methods, PRNet frames the crowd flow forecasting as a periodic residual learning problem by modeling the deviation between the input (the previous time period) and the output (the future time period). As compared to predicting highly dynamic crowd flows directly, learning such stationary deviation is much easier, which thus facilitates the model training. Besides, the learned deviation enables the network to produce the residual between future conditions and its corresponding weekly observations at each time interval, and therefore contributes to substantially better predictions. We further propose a lightweight Spatial-Channel Enhanced Encoder to build more powerful region representations, by jointly capturing global spatial correlations and temporal dependencies. Experimental results on two real-world datasets demonstrate that PRNet outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in terms of both accuracy and robustness.      
### 110.NeuroHSMD: Neuromorphic Hybrid Spiking Motion Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06102.pdf)
>  Vertebrate retinas are highly-efficient in processing trivial visual tasks such as detecting moving objects, yet a complex task for modern computers. The detection of object motion is done by specialised retinal ganglion cells named Object-motion-sensitive ganglion cells (OMS-GC). OMS-GC process continuous signals and generate spike patterns that are post-processed by the Visual Cortex. The Neuromorphic Hybrid Spiking Motion Detector (NeuroHSMD) proposed in this work accelerates the HSMD algorithm using Field-Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs). The Hybrid Spiking Motion Detector (HSMD) algorithm was the first hybrid algorithm to enhance dynamic background subtraction (DBS) algorithms with a customised 3-layer spiking neural network (SNN) that generates OMS-GC spiking-like responses. The NeuroHSMD algorithm was compared against the HSMD algorithm, using the same 2012 change detection (CDnet2012) and 2014 change detection (CDnet2014) benchmark datasets. The results show that the NeuroHSMD has produced the same results as the HSMD algorithm in real-time without degradation of quality. Moreover, the NeuroHSMD proposed in this paper was completely implemented in Open Computer Language (OpenCL) and therefore is easily replicated in other devices such as Graphical Processor Units (GPUs) and clusters of Central Processor Units (CPUs).      
### 111.Unsupervised Image to Image Translation for Multiple Retinal Pathology Synthesis in Optical Coherence Tomography Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06031.pdf)
>  Image to Image Translation (I2I) is a challenging computer vision problem used in numerous domains for multiple tasks. Recently, ophthalmology became one of the major fields where the application of I2I is increasing rapidly. One such application is the generation of synthetic retinal optical coherence tomographic (OCT) scans. Existing I2I methods require training of multiple models to translate images from normal scans to a specific pathology: limiting the use of these models due to their complexity. To address this issue, we propose an unsupervised multi-domain I2I network with pre-trained style encoder that translates retinal OCT images in one domain to multiple domains. We assume that the image splits into domain-invariant content and domain-specific style codes, and pre-train these style codes. The performed experiments show that the proposed model outperforms state-of-the-art models like MUNIT and CycleGAN synthesizing diverse pathological scans.      
### 112.Automated assessment of disease severity of COVID-19 using artificial intelligence with synthetic chest CT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05900.pdf)
>  Background: Triage of patients is important to control the pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), especially during the peak of the pandemic when clinical resources become extremely limited. <br>Purpose: To develop a method that automatically segments and quantifies lung and pneumonia lesions with synthetic chest CT and assess disease severity in COVID-19 patients. <br>Materials and Methods: In this study, we incorporated data augmentation to generate synthetic chest CT images using public available datasets (285 datasets from "Lung Nodule Analysis 2016"). The synthetic images and masks were used to train a 2D U-net neural network and tested on 203 COVID-19 datasets to generate lung and lesion segmentations. Disease severity scores (DL: damage load; DS: damage score) were calculated based on the segmentations. Correlations between DL/DS and clinical lab tests were evaluated using Pearson's method. A p-value &lt; 0.05 was considered as statistical significant. <br>Results: Automatic lung and lesion segmentations were compared with manual annotations. For lung segmentation, the median values of dice similarity coefficient, Jaccard index and average surface distance, were 98.56%, 97.15% and 0.49 mm, respectively. The same metrics for lesion segmentation were 76.95%, 62.54% and 2.36 mm, respectively. Significant (p &lt;&lt; 0.05) correlations were found between DL/DS and percentage lymphocytes tests, with r-values of -0.561 and -0.501, respectively. <br>Conclusion: An AI system that based on thoracic radiographic and data augmentation was proposed to segment lung and lesions in COVID-19 patients. Correlations between imaging findings and clinical lab tests suggested the value of this system as a potential tool to assess disease severity of COVID-19.      
### 113.SLOSH: Set LOcality Sensitive Hashing via Sliced-Wasserstein Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05872.pdf)
>  Learning from set-structured data is an essential problem with many applications in machine learning and computer vision. This paper focuses on non-parametric and data-independent learning from set-structured data using approximate nearest neighbor (ANN) solutions, particularly locality-sensitive hashing. We consider the problem of set retrieval from an input set query. Such retrieval problem requires: 1) an efficient mechanism to calculate the distances/dissimilarities between sets, and 2) an appropriate data structure for fast nearest neighbor search. To that end, we propose Sliced-Wasserstein set embedding as a computationally efficient "set-2-vector" mechanism that enables downstream ANN, with theoretical guarantees. The set elements are treated as samples from an unknown underlying distribution, and the Sliced-Wasserstein distance is used to compare sets. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our algorithm, denoted as Set-LOcality Sensitive Hashing (SLOSH), on various set retrieval datasets and compare our proposed embedding with standard set embedding approaches, including Generalized Mean (GeM) embedding/pooling, Featurewise Sort Pooling (FSPool), and Covariance Pooling and show consistent improvement in retrieval results. The code for replicating our results is available here: \href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mint-vu/SLOSH" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mint-vu/SLOSH" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 114.A Label Correction Algorithm Using Prior Information for Automatic and Accurate Geospatial Object Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05794.pdf)
>  Thousands of scanned historical topographic maps contain valuable information covering long periods of time, such as how the hydrography of a region has changed over time. Efficiently unlocking the information in these maps requires training a geospatial objects recognition system, which needs a large amount of annotated data. Overlapping geo-referenced external vector data with topographic maps according to their coordinates can annotate the desired objects' locations in the maps automatically. However, directly overlapping the two datasets causes misaligned and false annotations because the publication years and coordinate projection systems of topographic maps are different from the external vector data. We propose a label correction algorithm, which leverages the color information of maps and the prior shape information of the external vector data to reduce misaligned and false annotations. The experiments show that the precision of annotations from the proposed algorithm is 10% higher than the annotations from a state-of-the-art algorithm. Consequently, recognition results using the proposed algorithm's annotations achieve 9% higher correctness than using the annotations from the state-of-the-art algorithm.      
### 115.Pre-training and Fine-tuning Transformers for fMRI Prediction Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05761.pdf)
>  We present the TFF Transformer framework for the analysis of functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) data. TFF employs a transformer-based architecture and a two-phase training approach. First, self-supervised training is applied to a collection of fMRI scans, where the model is trained for the reconstruction of 3D volume data. Second, the pre-trained model is fine-tuned on specific tasks, utilizing ground truth labels. Our results show state-of-the-art performance on a variety of fMRI tasks, including age and gender prediction, as well as schizophrenia recognition.      
### 116.Learning Representations with Contrastive Self-Supervised Learning for Histopathology Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05760.pdf)
>  Unsupervised learning has made substantial progress over the last few years, especially by means of contrastive self-supervised learning. The dominating dataset for benchmarking self-supervised learning has been ImageNet, for which recent methods are approaching the performance achieved by fully supervised training. The ImageNet dataset is however largely object-centric, and it is not clear yet what potential those methods have on widely different datasets and tasks that are not object-centric, such as in digital pathology. While self-supervised learning has started to be explored within this area with encouraging results, there is reason to look closer at how this setting differs from natural images and ImageNet. In this paper we make an in-depth analysis of contrastive learning for histopathology, pin-pointing how the contrastive objective will behave differently due to the characteristics of histopathology data. We bring forward a number of considerations, such as view generation for the contrastive objective and hyper-parameter tuning. In a large battery of experiments, we analyze how the downstream performance in tissue classification will be affected by these considerations. The results point to how contrastive learning can reduce the annotation effort within digital pathology, but that the specific dataset characteristics need to be considered. To take full advantage of the contrastive learning objective, different calibrations of view generation and hyper-parameters are required. Our results pave the way for realizing the full potential of self-supervised learning for histopathology applications.      
### 117.Edge-Enhanced Dual Discriminator Generative Adversarial Network for Fast MRI with Parallel Imaging Using Multi-view Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05758.pdf)
>  In clinical medicine, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is one of the most important tools for diagnosis, triage, prognosis, and treatment planning. However, MRI suffers from an inherent slow data acquisition process because data is collected sequentially in k-space. In recent years, most MRI reconstruction methods proposed in the literature focus on holistic image reconstruction rather than enhancing the edge information. This work steps aside this general trend by elaborating on the enhancement of edge information. Specifically, we introduce a novel parallel imaging coupled dual discriminator generative adversarial network (PIDD-GAN) for fast multi-channel MRI reconstruction by incorporating multi-view information. The dual discriminator design aims to improve the edge information in MRI reconstruction. One discriminator is used for holistic image reconstruction, whereas the other one is responsible for enhancing edge information. An improved U-Net with local and global residual learning is proposed for the generator. Frequency channel attention blocks (FCA Blocks) are embedded in the generator for incorporating attention mechanisms. Content loss is introduced to train the generator for better reconstruction quality. We performed comprehensive experiments on Calgary-Campinas public brain MR dataset and compared our method with state-of-the-art MRI reconstruction methods. Ablation studies of residual learning were conducted on the MICCAI13 dataset to validate the proposed modules. Results show that our PIDD-GAN provides high-quality reconstructed MR images, with well-preserved edge information. The time of single-image reconstruction is below 5ms, which meets the demand of faster processing.      
### 118.Enhancing Multi-Scale Implicit Learning in Image Super-Resolution with Integrated Positional Encoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05756.pdf)
>  Is the center position fully capable of representing a pixel? There is nothing wrong to represent pixels with their centers in a discrete image representation, but it makes more sense to consider each pixel as the aggregation of signals from a local area in an image super-resolution (SR) context. Despite the great capability of coordinate-based implicit representation in the field of arbitrary-scale image SR, this area's nature of pixels is not fully considered. To this end, we propose integrated positional encoding (IPE), extending traditional positional encoding by aggregating frequency information over the pixel area. We apply IPE to the state-of-the-art arbitrary-scale image super-resolution method: local implicit image function (LIIF), presenting IPE-LIIF. We show the effectiveness of IPE-LIIF by quantitative and qualitative evaluations, and further demonstrate the generalization ability of IPE to larger image scales and multiple implicit-based methods. Code will be released.      
### 119.Information Prebuilt Recurrent Reconstruction Network for Video Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05755.pdf)
>  The video super-resolution (VSR) method based on the recurrent convolutional network has strong temporal modeling capability for video sequences. However, the input information received by different recurrent units in the unidirectional recurrent convolutional network is unbalanced. Early reconstruction frames receive less temporal information, resulting in fuzzy or artifact results. Although the bidirectional recurrent convolution network can alleviate this problem, it greatly increases reconstruction time and computational complexity. It is also not suitable for many application scenarios, such as online super-resolution. To solve the above problems, we propose an end-to-end information prebuilt recurrent reconstruction network (IPRRN), consisting of an information prebuilt network (IPNet) and a recurrent reconstruction network (RRNet). By integrating sufficient information from the front of the video to build the hidden state needed for the initially recurrent unit to help restore the earlier frames, the information prebuilt network balances the input information difference before and after without backward propagation. In addition, we demonstrate a compact recurrent reconstruction network, which has significant improvements in recovery quality and time efficiency. Many experiments have verified the effectiveness of our proposed network, and compared with the existing state-of-the-art methods, our method can effectively achieve higher quantitative and qualitative evaluation performance.      
### 120.PyTorch Connectomics: A Scalable and Flexible Segmentation Framework for EM Connectomics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05754.pdf)
>  We present PyTorch Connectomics (PyTC), an open-source deep-learning framework for the semantic and instance segmentation of volumetric microscopy images, built upon PyTorch. We demonstrate the effectiveness of PyTC in the field of connectomics, which aims to segment and reconstruct neurons, synapses, and other organelles like mitochondria at nanometer resolution for understanding neuronal communication, metabolism, and development in animal brains. PyTC is a scalable and flexible toolbox that tackles datasets at different scales and supports multi-task and semi-supervised learning to better exploit expensive expert annotations and the vast amount of unlabeled data during training. Those functionalities can be easily realized in PyTC by changing the configuration options without coding and adapted to other 2D and 3D segmentation tasks for different tissues and imaging modalities. Quantitatively, our framework achieves the best performance in the CREMI challenge for synaptic cleft segmentation (outperforms existing best result by relatively 6.1$\%$) and competitive performance on mitochondria and neuronal nuclei segmentation. Code and tutorials are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://connectomics.readthedocs.io" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 121.Specificity-Preserving Federated Learning for MR Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05752.pdf)
>  Federated learning (FL) can be used to improve data privacy and efficiency in magnetic resonance (MR) image reconstruction by enabling multiple institutions to collaborate without needing to aggregate local data. However, the domain shift caused by different MR imaging protocols can substantially degrade the performance of FL models. Recent FL techniques tend to solve this by enhancing the generalization of the global model, but they ignore the domain-specific features, which may contain important information about the device properties and be useful for local reconstruction. In this paper, we propose a specificity-preserving FL algorithm for MR image reconstruction (FedMRI). The core idea is to divide the MR reconstruction model into two parts: a globally shared encoder to obtain a generalized representation at the global level, and a client-specific decoder to preserve the domain-specific properties of each client, which is important for collaborative reconstruction when the clients have unique distribution. Moreover, to further boost the convergence of the globally shared encoder when a domain shift is present, a weighted contrastive regularization is introduced to directly correct any deviation between the client and server during optimization. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our FedMRI's reconstructed results are the closest to the ground-truth for multi-institutional data, and that it outperforms state-of-the-art FL methods.      
### 122.Transformer based trajectory prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04350.pdf)
>  To plan a safe and efficient route, an autonomous vehicle should anticipate future motions of other agents around it. Motion prediction is an extremely challenging task which recently gained significant attention of the research community. In this work, we present a simple and yet strong baseline for uncertainty aware motion prediction based purely on transformer neural networks, which has shown its effectiveness in conditions of domain change. While being easy-to-implement, the proposed approach achieves competitive performance and ranks 1$^{st}$ on the 2021 Shifts Vehicle Motion Prediction Competition.      
