# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 15 Dec 2021
### 1.Dual-Key Multimodal Backdoors for Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07668.pdf)
>  The success of deep learning has enabled advances in multimodal tasks that require non-trivial fusion of multiple input domains. Although multimodal models have shown potential in many problems, their increased complexity makes them more vulnerable to attacks. A Backdoor (or Trojan) attack is a class of security vulnerability wherein an attacker embeds a malicious secret behavior into a network (e.g. targeted misclassification) that is activated when an attacker-specified trigger is added to an input. In this work, we show that multimodal networks are vulnerable to a novel type of attack that we refer to as Dual-Key Multimodal Backdoors. This attack exploits the complex fusion mechanisms used by state-of-the-art networks to embed backdoors that are both effective and stealthy. Instead of using a single trigger, the proposed attack embeds a trigger in each of the input modalities and activates the malicious behavior only when both the triggers are present. We present an extensive study of multimodal backdoors on the Visual Question Answering (VQA) task with multiple architectures and visual feature backbones. A major challenge in embedding backdoors in VQA models is that most models use visual features extracted from a fixed pretrained object detector. This is challenging for the attacker as the detector can distort or ignore the visual trigger entirely, which leads to models where backdoors are over-reliant on the language trigger. We tackle this problem by proposing a visual trigger optimization strategy designed for pretrained object detectors. Through this method, we create Dual-Key Backdoors with over a 98% attack success rate while only poisoning 1% of the training data. Finally, we release TrojVQA, a large collection of clean and trojan VQA models to enable research in defending against multimodal backdoors.      
### 2.Adaptive Affinity for Associations in Multi-Target Multi-Camera Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07664.pdf)
>  Data associations in multi-target multi-camera tracking (MTMCT) usually estimate affinity directly from re-identification (re-ID) feature distances. However, we argue that it might not be the best choice given the difference in matching scopes between re-ID and MTMCT problems. Re-ID systems focus on global matching, which retrieves targets from all cameras and all times. In contrast, data association in tracking is a local matching problem, since its candidates only come from neighboring locations and time frames. In this paper, we design experiments to verify such misfit between global re-ID feature distances and local matching in tracking, and propose a simple yet effective approach to adapt affinity estimations to corresponding matching scopes in MTMCT. Instead of trying to deal with all appearance changes, we tailor the affinity metric to specialize in ones that might emerge during data associations. To this end, we introduce a new data sampling scheme with temporal windows originally used for data associations in tracking. Minimizing the mismatch, the adaptive affinity module brings significant improvements over global re-ID distance, and produces competitive performance on CityFlow and DukeMTMC datasets.      
### 3.Out-of-Distribution Detection without Class Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07662.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection methods identify samples that deviate from the normal behavior of the dataset. It is typically tackled either for training sets containing normal data from multiple labeled classes or a single unlabeled class. Current methods struggle when faced with training data consisting of multiple classes but no labels. In this work, we first discover that classifiers learned by self-supervised image clustering methods provide a strong baseline for anomaly detection on unlabeled multi-class datasets. Perhaps surprisingly, we find that initializing clustering methods with pre-trained features does not improve over their self-supervised counterparts. This is due to the phenomenon of catastrophic forgetting. Instead, we suggest a two stage approach. We first cluster images using self-supervised methods and obtain a cluster label for every image. We use the cluster labels as "pseudo supervision" for out-of-distribution (OOD) methods. Specifically, we finetune pretrained features on the task of classifying images by their cluster labels. We provide extensive analyses of our method and demonstrate the necessity of our two-stage approach. We evaluate it against the state-of-the-art self-supervised and pretrained methods and demonstrate superior performance.      
### 4.Approaches Toward Physical and General Video Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07661.pdf)
>  In recent years, many works have addressed the problem of finding never-seen-before anomalies in videos. Yet, most work has been focused on detecting anomalous frames in surveillance videos taken from security cameras. Meanwhile, the task of anomaly detection (AD) in videos exhibiting anomalous mechanical behavior, has been mostly overlooked. Anomaly detection in such videos is both of academic and practical interest, as they may enable automatic detection of malfunctions in many manufacturing, maintenance, and real-life settings. To assess the potential of the different approaches to detect such anomalies, we evaluate two simple baseline approaches: (i) Temporal-pooled image AD techniques. (ii) Density estimation of videos represented with features pretrained for video-classification. <br>Development of such methods calls for new benchmarks to allow evaluation of different possible approaches. We introduce the Physical Anomalous Trajectory or Motion (PHANTOM) dataset, which contains six different video classes. Each class consists of normal and anomalous videos. The classes differ in the presented phenomena, the normal class variability, and the kind of anomalies in the videos. We also suggest an even harder benchmark where anomalous activities should be spotted on highly variable scenes.      
### 5.AdaViT: Adaptive Tokens for Efficient Vision Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07658.pdf)
>  We introduce AdaViT, a method that adaptively adjusts the inference cost of vision transformer (ViT) for images of different complexity. AdaViT achieves this by automatically reducing the number of tokens in vision transformers that are processed in the network as inference proceeds. We reformulate Adaptive Computation Time (ACT) for this task, extending halting to discard redundant spatial tokens. The appealing architectural properties of vision transformers enables our adaptive token reduction mechanism to speed up inference without modifying the network architecture or inference hardware. We demonstrate that AdaViT requires no extra parameters or sub-network for halting, as we base the learning of adaptive halting on the original network parameters. We further introduce distributional prior regularization that stabilizes training compared to prior ACT approaches. On the image classification task (ImageNet1K), we show that our proposed AdaViT yields high efficacy in filtering informative spatial features and cutting down on the overall compute. The proposed method improves the throughput of DeiT-Tiny by 62% and DeiT-Small by 38% with only 0.3% accuracy drop, outperforming prior art by a large margin.      
### 6.EgoBody: Human Body Shape, Motion and Social Interactions from Head-Mounted Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07642.pdf)
>  Understanding social interactions from first-person views is crucial for many applications, ranging from assistive robotics to AR/VR. A first step for reasoning about interactions is to understand human pose and shape. However, research in this area is currently hindered by the lack of data. Existing datasets are limited in terms of either size, annotations, ground-truth capture modalities or the diversity of interactions. We address this shortcoming by proposing EgoBody, a novel large-scale dataset for social interactions in complex 3D scenes. We employ Microsoft HoloLens2 headsets to record rich egocentric data streams (including RGB, depth, eye gaze, head and hand tracking). To obtain accurate 3D ground-truth, we calibrate the headset with a multi-Kinect rig and fit expressive SMPL-X body meshes to multi-view RGB-D frames, reconstructing 3D human poses and shapes relative to the scene. We collect 68 sequences, spanning diverse sociological interaction categories, and propose the first benchmark for 3D full-body pose and shape estimation from egocentric views. Our dataset and code will be available for research at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sanweiliti.github.io/egobody/egobody.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.Learning to Deblur and Rotate Motion-Blurred Faces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07599.pdf)
>  We propose a solution to the novel task of rendering sharp videos from new viewpoints from a single motion-blurred image of a face. Our method handles the complexity of face blur by implicitly learning the geometry and motion of faces through the joint training on three large datasets: FFHQ and 300VW, which are publicly available, and a new Bern Multi-View Face Dataset (BMFD) that we built. The first two datasets provide a large variety of faces and allow our model to generalize better. BMFD instead allows us to introduce multi-view constraints, which are crucial to synthesizing sharp videos from a new camera view. It consists of high frame rate synchronized videos from multiple views of several subjects displaying a wide range of facial expressions. We use the high frame rate videos to simulate realistic motion blur through averaging. Thanks to this dataset, we train a neural network to reconstruct a 3D video representation from a single image and the corresponding face gaze. We then provide a camera viewpoint relative to the estimated gaze and the blurry image as input to an encoder-decoder network to generate a video of sharp frames with a novel camera viewpoint. We demonstrate our approach on test subjects of our multi-view dataset and VIDTIMIT.      
### 8.Mitigating Channel-wise Noise for Single Image Super Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07589.pdf)
>  In practice, images can contain different amounts of noise for different color channels, which is not acknowledged by existing super-resolution approaches. In this paper, we propose to super-resolve noisy color images by considering the color channels jointly. Noise statistics are blindly estimated from the input low-resolution image and are used to assign different weights to different color channels in the data cost. Implicit low-rank structure of visual data is enforced via nuclear norm minimization in association with adaptive weights, which is added as a regularization term to the cost. Additionally, multi-scale details of the image are added to the model through another regularization term that involves projection onto PCA basis, which is constructed using similar patches extracted across different scales of the input image. The results demonstrate the super-resolving capability of the approach in real scenarios.      
### 9.Multi-Modal Temporal Attention Models for Crop Mapping from Satellite Time Series  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07558.pdf)
>  Optical and radar satellite time series are synergetic: optical images contain rich spectral information, while C-band radar captures useful geometrical information and is immune to cloud cover. Motivated by the recent success of temporal attention-based methods across multiple crop mapping tasks, we propose to investigate how these models can be adapted to operate on several modalities. We implement and evaluate multiple fusion schemes, including a novel approach and simple adjustments to the training procedure, significantly improving performance and efficiency with little added complexity. We show that most fusion schemes have advantages and drawbacks, making them relevant for specific settings. We then evaluate the benefit of multimodality across several tasks: parcel classification, pixel-based segmentation, and panoptic parcel segmentation. We show that by leveraging both optical and radar time series, multimodal temporal attention-based models can outmatch single-modality models in terms of performance and resilience to cloud cover. To conduct these experiments, we augment the PASTIS dataset with spatially aligned radar image time series. The resulting dataset, PASTIS-R, constitutes the first large-scale, multimodal, and open-access satellite time series dataset with semantic and instance annotations.      
### 10.n-CPS: Generalising Cross Pseudo Supervision to n networks for Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07528.pdf)
>  We present n-CPS - a generalisation of the recent state-of-the-art cross pseudo supervision (CPS) approach for the task of semi-supervised semantic segmentation. In n-CPS, there are n simultaneously trained subnetworks that learn from each other through one-hot encoding perturbation and consistency regularisation. We also show that ensembling techniques applied to subnetworks outputs can significantly improve the performance. To the best of our knowledge, n-CPS paired with CutMix outperforms CPS and sets the new state-of-the-art for Pascal VOC 2012 with (1/16, 1/8, 1/4, and 1/2 supervised regimes) and Cityscapes (1/16 supervised).      
### 11.A Style and Semantic Memory Mechanism for Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07517.pdf)
>  Mainstream state-of-the-art domain generalization algorithms tend to prioritize the assumption on semantic invariance across domains. Meanwhile, the inherent intra-domain style invariance is usually underappreciated and put on the shelf. In this paper, we reveal that leveraging intra-domain style invariance is also of pivotal importance in improving the efficiency of domain generalization. We verify that it is critical for the network to be informative on what domain features are invariant and shared among instances, so that the network sharpens its understanding and improves its semantic discriminative ability. Correspondingly, we also propose a novel "jury" mechanism, which is particularly effective in learning useful semantic feature commonalities among domains. Our complete model called STEAM can be interpreted as a novel probabilistic graphical model, for which the implementation requires convenient constructions of two kinds of memory banks: semantic feature bank and style feature bank. Empirical results show that our proposed framework surpasses the state-of-the-art methods by clear margins.      
### 12.Transferrable Contrastive Learning for Visual Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07516.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning (SSL) has recently become the favorite among feature learning methodologies. It is therefore appealing for domain adaptation approaches to consider incorporating SSL. The intuition is to enforce instance-level feature consistency such that the predictor becomes somehow invariant across domains. However, most existing SSL methods in the regime of domain adaptation usually are treated as standalone auxiliary components, leaving the signatures of domain adaptation unattended. Actually, the optimal region where the domain gap vanishes and the instance level constraint that SSL peruses may not coincide at all. From this point, we present a particular paradigm of self-supervised learning tailored for domain adaptation, i.e., Transferrable Contrastive Learning (TCL), which links the SSL and the desired cross-domain transferability congruently. We find contrastive learning intrinsically a suitable candidate for domain adaptation, as its instance invariance assumption can be conveniently promoted to cross-domain class-level invariance favored by domain adaptation tasks. Based on particular memory bank constructions and pseudo label strategies, TCL then penalizes cross-domain intra-class domain discrepancy between source and target through a clean and novel contrastive loss. The free lunch is, thanks to the incorporation of contrastive learning, TCL relies on a moving-averaged key encoder that naturally achieves a temporally ensembled version of pseudo labels for target data, which avoids pseudo label error propagation at no extra cost. TCL therefore efficiently reduces cross-domain gaps. Through extensive experiments on benchmarks (Office-Home, VisDA-2017, Digits-five, PACS and DomainNet) for both single-source and multi-source domain adaptation tasks, TCL has demonstrated state-of-the-art performances.      
### 13.CoCo-BERT: Improving Video-Language Pre-training with Contrastive Cross-modal Matching and Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07515.pdf)
>  BERT-type structure has led to the revolution of vision-language pre-training and the achievement of state-of-the-art results on numerous vision-language downstream tasks. Existing solutions dominantly capitalize on the multi-modal inputs with mask tokens to trigger mask-based proxy pre-training tasks (e.g., masked language modeling and masked object/frame prediction). In this work, we argue that such masked inputs would inevitably introduce noise for cross-modal matching proxy task, and thus leave the inherent vision-language association under-explored. As an alternative, we derive a particular form of cross-modal proxy objective for video-language pre-training, i.e., Contrastive Cross-modal matching and denoising (CoCo). By viewing the masked frame/word sequences as the noisy augmentation of primary unmasked ones, CoCo strengthens video-language association by simultaneously pursuing inter-modal matching and intra-modal denoising between masked and unmasked inputs in a contrastive manner. Our CoCo proxy objective can be further integrated into any BERT-type encoder-decoder structure for video-language pre-training, named as Contrastive Cross-modal BERT (CoCo-BERT). We pre-train CoCo-BERT on TV dataset and a newly collected large-scale GIF video dataset (ACTION). Through extensive experiments over a wide range of downstream tasks (e.g., cross-modal retrieval, video question answering, and video captioning), we demonstrate the superiority of CoCo-BERT as a pre-trained structure.      
### 14.CORE-Text: Improving Scene Text Detection with Contrastive Relational Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07513.pdf)
>  Localizing text instances in natural scenes is regarded as a fundamental challenge in computer vision. Nevertheless, owing to the extremely varied aspect ratios and scales of text instances in real scenes, most conventional text detectors suffer from the sub-text problem that only localizes the fragments of text instance (i.e., sub-texts). In this work, we quantitatively analyze the sub-text problem and present a simple yet effective design, COntrastive RElation (CORE) module, to mitigate that issue. CORE first leverages a vanilla relation block to model the relations among all text proposals (sub-texts of multiple text instances) and further enhances relational reasoning via instance-level sub-text discrimination in a contrastive manner. Such way naturally learns instance-aware representations of text proposals and thus facilitates scene text detection. We integrate the CORE module into a two-stage text detector of Mask R-CNN and devise our text detector CORE-Text. Extensive experiments on four benchmarks demonstrate the superiority of CORE-Text. Code is available: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jylins/CORE-Text" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 15.I M Avatar: Implicit Morphable Head Avatars from Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07471.pdf)
>  Traditional morphable face models provide fine-grained control over expression but cannot easily capture geometric and appearance details. Neural volumetric representations approach photo-realism but are hard to animate and do not generalize well to unseen expressions. To tackle this problem, we propose IMavatar (Implicit Morphable avatar), a novel method for learning implicit head avatars from monocular videos. Inspired by the fine-grained control mechanisms afforded by conventional 3DMMs, we represent the expression- and pose-related deformations via learned blendshapes and skinning fields. These attributes are pose-independent and can be used to morph the canonical geometry and texture fields given novel expression and pose parameters. We employ ray tracing and iterative root-finding to locate the canonical surface intersection for each pixel. A key contribution is our novel analytical gradient formulation that enables end-to-end training of IMavatars from videos. We show quantitatively and qualitatively that our method improves geometry and covers a more complete expression space compared to state-of-the-art methods.      
### 16.An Interpretive Constrained Linear Model for ResNet and MgNet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07441.pdf)
>  We propose a constrained linear data-feature-mapping model as an interpretable mathematical model for image classification using a convolutional neural network (CNN). From this viewpoint, we establish detailed connections between the traditional iterative schemes for linear systems and the architectures of the basic blocks of ResNet- and MgNet-type models. Using these connections, we present some modified ResNet models that compared with the original models have fewer parameters and yet can produce more accurate results, thereby demonstrating the validity of this constrained learning data-feature-mapping assumption. Based on this assumption, we further propose a general data-feature iterative scheme to show the rationality of MgNet. We also provide a systematic numerical study on MgNet to show its success and advantages in image classification problems and demonstrate its advantages in comparison with established networks.      
### 17.Uncertainty Estimation via Response Scaling for Pseudo-mask Noise Mitigation in Weakly-supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07431.pdf)
>  Weakly-Supervised Semantic Segmentation (WSSS) segments objects without a heavy burden of dense annotation. While as a price, generated pseudo-masks exist obvious noisy pixels, which result in sub-optimal segmentation models trained over these pseudo-masks. But rare studies notice or work on this problem, even these noisy pixels are inevitable after their improvements on pseudo-mask. So we try to improve WSSS in the aspect of noise mitigation. And we observe that many noisy pixels are of high confidence, especially when the response range is too wide or narrow, presenting an uncertain status. Thus, in this paper, we simulate noisy variations of response by scaling the prediction map multiple times for uncertainty estimation. The uncertainty is then used to weight the segmentation loss to mitigate noisy supervision signals. We call this method URN, abbreviated from Uncertainty estimation via Response scaling for Noise mitigation. Experiments validate the benefits of URN, and our method achieves state-of-the-art results at 71.2% and 41.5% on PASCAL VOC 2012 and MS COCO 2014 respectively, without extra models like saliency detection. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/XMed-Lab/URN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.Multi-Modal Perception Attention Network with Self-Supervised Learning for Audio-Visual Speaker Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07423.pdf)
>  Multi-modal fusion is proven to be an effective method to improve the accuracy and robustness of speaker tracking, especially in complex scenarios. However, how to combine the heterogeneous information and exploit the complementarity of multi-modal signals remains a challenging issue. In this paper, we propose a novel Multi-modal Perception Tracker (MPT) for speaker tracking using both audio and visual modalities. Specifically, a novel acoustic map based on spatial-temporal Global Coherence Field (stGCF) is first constructed for heterogeneous signal fusion, which employs a camera model to map audio cues to the localization space consistent with the visual cues. Then a multi-modal perception attention network is introduced to derive the perception weights that measure the reliability and effectiveness of intermittent audio and video streams disturbed by noise. Moreover, a unique cross-modal self-supervised learning method is presented to model the confidence of audio and visual observations by leveraging the complementarity and consistency between different modalities. Experimental results show that the proposed MPT achieves 98.6% and 78.3% tracking accuracy on the standard and occluded datasets, respectively, which demonstrates its robustness under adverse conditions and outperforms the current state-of-the-art methods.      
### 19.Deep Sea Bubble Stream Characterization Using Wide-Baseline Stereo Photogrammetry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07414.pdf)
>  Reliable quantification of natural and anthropogenic gas release (e.g.\ CO$_2$, methane) from the seafloor into the ocean, and ultimately, the atmosphere, is a challenging task. While ship-based echo sounders allow detection of free gas in the water even from a larger distance, exact quantification requires parameters such as rise speed and bubble size distribution not obtainable by such sensors. Optical methods are complementary in the sense that they can provide high temporal and spatial resolution of single bubbles or bubble streams from close distance. In this contribution we introduce a complete instrument and evaluation method for optical bubble stream characterization. The dedicated instrument employs a high-speed deep sea stereo camera system that can record terabytes of bubble imagery when deployed at a seep site for later automated analysis. Bubble characteristics can be obtained for short sequences of few minutes, then relocating the instrument to other locations, or in autonomous mode of intervals up to several days, in order to capture variations due to current and pressure changes and across tidal cycles. Beside reporting the steps to make bubble characterization robust and autonomous, we carefully evaluate the reachable accuracy and propose a novel calibration procedure that, due to the lack of point correspondences, uses only the silhouettes of bubbles. The system has been operated successfully in up to 1000m water depth in the Pacific Ocean to assess methane fluxes. Besides sample results we also report failure cases and lessons learnt during development.      
### 20.Stochastic Actor-Executor-Critic for Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07403.pdf)
>  Training a model-free deep reinforcement learning model to solve image-to-image translation is difficult since it involves high-dimensional continuous state and action spaces. In this paper, we draw inspiration from the recent success of the maximum entropy reinforcement learning framework designed for challenging continuous control problems to develop stochastic policies over high dimensional continuous spaces including image representation, generation, and control simultaneously. Central to this method is the Stochastic Actor-Executor-Critic (SAEC) which is an off-policy actor-critic model with an additional executor to generate realistic images. Specifically, the actor focuses on the high-level representation and control policy by a stochastic latent action, as well as explicitly directs the executor to generate low-level actions to manipulate the state. Experiments on several image-to-image translation tasks have demonstrated the effectiveness and robustness of the proposed SAEC when facing high-dimensional continuous space problems.      
### 21.Handwritten text generation and strikethrough characters augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07395.pdf)
>  We introduce two data augmentation techniques, which, used with a Resnet-BiLSTM-CTC network, significantly reduce Word Error Rate (WER) and Character Error Rate (CER) beyond best-reported results on handwriting text recognition (HTR) tasks. We apply a novel augmentation that simulates strikethrough text (HandWritten Blots) and a handwritten text generation method based on printed text (StackMix), which proved to be very effective in HTR tasks. StackMix uses weakly-supervised framework to get character boundaries. Because these data augmentation techniques are independent of the network used, they could also be applied to enhance the performance of other networks and approaches to HTR. Extensive experiments on ten handwritten text datasets show that HandWritten Blots augmentation and StackMix significantly improve the quality of HTR models      
### 22.Improving Human-Object Interaction Detection via Phrase Learning and Label Composition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07383.pdf)
>  Human-Object Interaction (HOI) detection is a fundamental task in high-level human-centric scene understanding. We propose PhraseHOI, containing a HOI branch and a novel phrase branch, to leverage language prior and improve relation expression. Specifically, the phrase branch is supervised by semantic embeddings, whose ground truths are automatically converted from the original HOI annotations without extra human efforts. Meanwhile, a novel label composition method is proposed to deal with the long-tailed problem in HOI, which composites novel phrase labels by semantic neighbors. Further, to optimize the phrase branch, a loss composed of a distilling loss and a balanced triplet loss is proposed. Extensive experiments are conducted to prove the effectiveness of the proposed PhraseHOI, which achieves significant improvement over the baseline and surpasses previous state-of-the-art methods on Full and NonRare on the challenging HICO-DET benchmark.      
### 23.TRACER: Extreme Attention Guided Salient Object Tracing Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07380.pdf)
>  Existing studies on salient object detection (SOD) focus on extracting distinct objects with edge information and aggregating multi-level features to improve SOD performance. To achieve satisfactory performance, the methods employ refined edge information and low multi-level discrepancy. However, both performance gain and computational efficiency cannot be attained, which has motivated us to study the inefficiencies in existing encoder-decoder structures to avoid this trade-off. We propose TRACER, which detects salient objects with explicit edges by incorporating attention guided tracing modules. We employ a masked edge attention module at the end of the first encoder using a fast Fourier transform to propagate the refined edge information to the downstream feature extraction. In the multi-level aggregation phase, the union attention module identifies the complementary channel and important spatial information. To improve the decoder performance and computational efficiency, we minimize the decoder block usage with object attention module. This module extracts undetected objects and edge information from refined channels and spatial representations. Subsequently, we propose an adaptive pixel intensity loss function to deal with the relatively important pixels unlike conventional loss functions which treat all pixels equally. A comparison with 13 existing methods reveals that TRACER achieves state-of-the-art performance on five benchmark datasets. In particular, TRACER-Efficient3 (TE3) outperforms LDF, an existing method while requiring 1.8x fewer learning parameters and less time; TE3 is 5x faster.      
### 24.Geometry-Contrastive Transformer for Generalized 3D Pose Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07374.pdf)
>  We present a customized 3D mesh Transformer model for the pose transfer task. As the 3D pose transfer essentially is a deformation procedure dependent on the given meshes, the intuition of this work is to perceive the geometric inconsistency between the given meshes with the powerful self-attention mechanism. Specifically, we propose a novel geometry-contrastive Transformer that has an efficient 3D structured perceiving ability to the global geometric inconsistencies across the given meshes. Moreover, locally, a simple yet efficient central geodesic contrastive loss is further proposed to improve the regional geometric-inconsistency learning. At last, we present a latent isometric regularization module together with a novel semi-synthesized dataset for the cross-dataset 3D pose transfer task towards unknown spaces. The massive experimental results prove the efficacy of our approach by showing state-of-the-art quantitative performances on SMPL-NPT, FAUST and our new proposed dataset SMG-3D datasets, as well as promising qualitative results on MG-cloth and SMAL datasets. It's demonstrated that our method can achieve robust 3D pose transfer and be generalized to challenging meshes from unknown spaces on cross-dataset tasks. The code and dataset are made available. Code is available: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mikecheninoulu/CGT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.Temporal Transformer Networks with Self-Supervision for Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07338.pdf)
>  In recent years, 2D Convolutional Networks-based video action recognition has encouragingly gained wide popularity; However, constrained by the lack of long-range non-linear temporal relation modeling and reverse motion information modeling, the performance of existing models is, therefore, undercut seriously. To address this urgent problem, we introduce a startling Temporal Transformer Network with Self-supervision (TTSN). Our high-performance TTSN mainly consists of a temporal transformer module and a temporal sequence self-supervision module. Concisely speaking, we utilize the efficient temporal transformer module to model the non-linear temporal dependencies among non-local frames, which significantly enhances complex motion feature representations. The temporal sequence self-supervision module we employ unprecedentedly adopts the streamlined strategy of "random batch random channel" to reverse the sequence of video frames, allowing robust extractions of motion information representation from inversed temporal dimensions and improving the generalization capability of the model. Extensive experiments on three widely used datasets (HMDB51, UCF101, and Something-something V1) have conclusively demonstrated that our proposed TTSN is promising as it successfully achieves state-of-the-art performance for action recognition.      
### 26.OMAD: Object Model with Articulated Deformations for Pose Estimation and Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07334.pdf)
>  Articulated objects are pervasive in daily life. However, due to the intrinsic high-DoF structure, the joint states of the articulated objects are hard to be estimated. To model articulated objects, two kinds of shape deformations namely the geometric and the pose deformation should be considered. In this work, we present a novel category-specific parametric representation called Object Model with Articulated Deformations (OMAD) to explicitly model the articulated objects. In OMAD, a category is associated with a linear shape function with shared shape basis and a non-linear joint function. Both functions can be learned from a large-scale object model dataset and fixed as category-specific priors. Then we propose an OMADNet to predict the shape parameters and the joint states from an object's single observation. With the full representation of the object shape and joint states, we can address several tasks including category-level object pose estimation and the articulated object retrieval. To evaluate these tasks, we create a synthetic dataset based on PartNet-Mobility. Extensive experiments show that our simple OMADNet can serve as a strong baseline for both tasks.      
### 27.Kernel-aware Raw Burst Blind Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07315.pdf)
>  Burst super-resolution (SR) provides a possibility of restoring rich details from low-quality images. However, since low-resolution (LR) images in practical applications have multiple complicated and unknown degradations, existing non-blind (e.g., bicubic) designed networks usually lead to a severe performance drop in recovering high-resolution (HR) images. Moreover, handling multiple misaligned noisy raw inputs is also challenging. In this paper, we address the problem of reconstructing HR images from raw burst sequences acquired from modern handheld devices. The central idea is a kernel-guided strategy which can solve the burst SR with two steps: kernel modeling and HR restoring. The former estimates burst kernels from raw inputs, while the latter predicts the super-resolved image based on the estimated kernels. Furthermore, we introduce a kernel-aware deformable alignment module which can effectively align the raw images with consideration of the blurry priors. Extensive experiments on synthetic and real-world datasets demonstrate that the proposed method can perform favorable state-of-the-art performance in the burst SR problem.      
### 28.Why you should learn functional basis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07289.pdf)
>  Efficient and practical representation of geometric data is a ubiquitous problem for several applications in geometry processing. A widely used choice is to encode the 3D objects through their spectral embedding, associating to each surface point the values assumed at that point by a truncated subset of the eigenfunctions of a differential operator (typically the Laplacian). Several attempts to define new, preferable embeddings for different applications have seen the light during the last decade. Still, the standard Laplacian eigenfunctions remain solidly at the top of the available solutions, despite their limitations, such as being limited to near-isometries for shape matching. Recently, a new trend shows advantages in learning substitutes for the Laplacian eigenfunctions. At the same time, many research questions remain unsolved: are the new bases better than the LBO eigenfunctions, and how do they relate to them? How do they act in the functional perspective? And how to exploit these bases in new configurations in conjunction with additional features and descriptors? In this study, we properly pose these questions to improve our understanding of this emerging research direction. We show their applicative relevance in different contexts revealing some of their insights and exciting future directions.      
### 29.Levels of Autonomous Radiology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07286.pdf)
>  Radiology, being one of the younger disciplines of medicine with a history of just over a century, has witnessed tremendous technological advancements and has revolutionized the way we practice medicine today. In the last few decades, medical imaging modalities have generated seismic amounts of medical data. The development and adoption of Artificial Intelligence (AI) applications using this data will lead to the next phase of evolution in radiology. It will include automating laborious manual tasks such as annotations, report-generation, etc., along with the initial radiological assessment of cases to aid radiologists in their evaluation workflow. We propose a level-wise classification for the progression of automation in radiology, explaining AI assistance at each level with corresponding challenges and solutions. We hope that such discussions can help us address the challenges in a structured way and take the necessary steps to ensure the smooth adoption of new technologies in radiology.      
### 30.SNF: Filter Pruning via Searching the Proper Number of Filters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07282.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) has an amount of parameter redundancy, filter pruning aims to remove the redundant filters and provides the possibility for the application of CNN on terminal devices. However, previous works pay more attention to designing evaluation criteria of filter importance and then prune less important filters with a fixed pruning rate or a fixed number to reduce convolutional neural networks' redundancy. It does not consider how many filters to reserve for each layer is the most reasonable choice. From this perspective, we propose a new filter pruning method by searching the proper number of filters (SNF). SNF is dedicated to searching for the most reasonable number of reserved filters for each layer and then pruning filters with specific criteria. It can tailor the most suitable network structure at different FLOPs. Filter pruning with our method leads to the state-of-the-art (SOTA) accuracy on CIFAR-10 and achieves competitive performance on ImageNet ILSVRC-2012.SNF based on the ResNet-56 network achieves an increase of 0.14% in Top-1 accuracy at 52.94% FLOPs reduction on CIFAR-10. Pruning ResNet-110 on CIFAR-10 also improves the Top-1 accuracy of 0.03% when reducing 68.68% FLOPs. For ImageNet, we set the pruning rates as 52.10% FLOPs, and the Top-1 accuracy only has a drop of 0.74%. The codes can be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/pk-l/SNF" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Bilateral Cross-Modality Graph Matching Attention for Feature Fusion in Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07270.pdf)
>  Answering semantically-complicated questions according to an image is challenging in Visual Question Answering (VQA) task. Although the image can be well represented by deep learning, the question is always simply embedded and cannot well indicate its meaning. Besides, the visual and textual features have a gap for different modalities, it is difficult to align and utilize the cross-modality information. In this paper, we focus on these two problems and propose a Graph Matching Attention (GMA) network. Firstly, it not only builds graph for the image, but also constructs graph for the question in terms of both syntactic and embedding information. Next, we explore the intra-modality relationships by a dual-stage graph encoder and then present a bilateral cross-modality graph matching attention to infer the relationships between the image and the question. The updated cross-modality features are then sent into the answer prediction module for final answer prediction. Experiments demonstrate that our network achieves state-of-the-art performance on the GQA dataset and the VQA 2.0 dataset. The ablation studies verify the effectiveness of each modules in our GMA network.      
### 32.Federated Learning for Face Recognition with Gradient Correction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07246.pdf)
>  With increasing appealing to privacy issues in face recognition, federated learning has emerged as one of the most prevalent approaches to study the unconstrained face recognition problem with private decentralized data. However, conventional decentralized federated algorithm sharing whole parameters of networks among clients suffers from privacy leakage in face recognition scene. In this work, we introduce a framework, FedGC, to tackle federated learning for face recognition and guarantees higher privacy. We explore a novel idea of correcting gradients from the perspective of backward propagation and propose a softmax-based regularizer to correct gradients of class embeddings by precisely injecting a cross-client gradient term. Theoretically, we show that FedGC constitutes a valid loss function similar to standard softmax. Extensive experiments have been conducted to validate the superiority of FedGC which can match the performance of conventional centralized methods utilizing full training dataset on several popular benchmark datasets.      
### 33.Static-Dynamic Co-Teaching for Class-Incremental 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07241.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based approaches have shown remarkable performance in the 3D object detection task. However, they suffer from a catastrophic performance drop on the originally trained classes when incrementally learning new classes without revisiting the old data. This "catastrophic forgetting" phenomenon impedes the deployment of 3D object detection approaches in real-world scenarios, where continuous learning systems are needed. In this paper, we study the unexplored yet important class-incremental 3D object detection problem and present the first solution - SDCoT, a novel static-dynamic co-teaching method. Our SDCoT alleviates the catastrophic forgetting of old classes via a static teacher, which provides pseudo annotations for old classes in the new samples and regularizes the current model by extracting previous knowledge with a distillation loss. At the same time, SDCoT consistently learns the underlying knowledge from new data via a dynamic teacher. We conduct extensive experiments on two benchmark datasets and demonstrate the superior performance of our SDCoT over baseline approaches in several incremental learning scenarios.      
### 34.Margin Calibration for Long-Tailed Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07225.pdf)
>  The long-tailed class distribution in visual recognition tasks poses great challenges for neural networks on how to handle the biased predictions between head and tail classes, i.e., the model tends to classify tail classes as head classes. While existing research focused on data resampling and loss function engineering, in this paper, we take a different perspective: the classification margins. We study the relationship between the margins and logits (classification scores) and empirically observe the biased margins and the biased logits are positively correlated. We propose MARC, a simple yet effective MARgin Calibration function to dynamically calibrate the biased margins for unbiased logits. We validate MARC through extensive experiments on common long-tailed benchmarks including CIFAR-LT, ImageNet-LT, Places-LT, and iNaturalist-LT. Experimental results demonstrate that our MARC achieves favorable results on these benchmarks. In addition, MARC is extremely easy to implement with just three lines of code. We hope this simple method will motivate people to rethink the biased margins and biased logits in long-tailed visual recognition.      
### 35.Exploring Category-correlated Feature for Few-shot Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07224.pdf)
>  Few-shot classification aims to adapt classifiers to novel classes with a few training samples. However, the insufficiency of training data may cause a biased estimation of feature distribution in a certain class. To alleviate this problem, we present a simple yet effective feature rectification method by exploring the category correlation between novel and base classes as the prior knowledge. We explicitly capture such correlation by mapping features into a latent vector with dimension matching the number of base classes, treating it as the logarithm probability of the feature over base classes. Based on this latent vector, the rectified feature is directly constructed by a decoder, which we expect maintaining category-related information while removing other stochastic factors, and consequently being closer to its class centroid. Furthermore, by changing the temperature value in softmax, we can re-balance the feature rectification and reconstruction for better performance. Our method is generic, flexible and agnostic to any feature extractor and classifier, readily to be embedded into existing FSL approaches. Experiments verify that our method is capable of rectifying biased features, especially when the feature is far from the class centroid. The proposed approach consistently obtains considerable performance gains on three widely used benchmarks, evaluated with different backbones and classifiers. <br>The code will be made public.      
### 36.A real-time spatiotemporal AI model analyzes skill in open surgical videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07219.pdf)
>  Open procedures represent the dominant form of surgery worldwide. Artificial intelligence (AI) has the potential to optimize surgical practice and improve patient outcomes, but efforts have focused primarily on minimally invasive techniques. Our work overcomes existing data limitations for training AI models by curating, from YouTube, the largest dataset of open surgical videos to date: 1997 videos from 23 surgical procedures uploaded from 50 countries. Using this dataset, we developed a multi-task AI model capable of real-time understanding of surgical behaviors, hands, and tools - the building blocks of procedural flow and surgeon skill. We show that our model generalizes across diverse surgery types and environments. Illustrating this generalizability, we directly applied our YouTube-trained model to analyze open surgeries prospectively collected at an academic medical center and identified kinematic descriptors of surgical skill related to efficiency of hand motion. Our Annotated Videos of Open Surgery (AVOS) dataset and trained model will be made available for further development of surgical AI.      
### 37.Weakly Supervised High-Fidelity Clothing Model Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07200.pdf)
>  The development of online economics arouses the demand of generating images of models on product clothes, to display new clothes and promote sales. However, the expensive proprietary model images challenge the existing image virtual try-on methods in this scenario, as most of them need to be trained on considerable amounts of model images accompanied with paired clothes images. In this paper, we propose a cheap yet scalable weakly-supervised method called Deep Generative Projection (DGP) to address this specific scenario. Lying in the heart of the proposed method is to imitate the process of human predicting the wearing effect, which is an unsupervised imagination based on life experience rather than computation rules learned from supervisions. Here a pretrained StyleGAN is used to capture the practical experience of wearing. Experiments show that projecting the rough alignment of clothing and body onto the StyleGAN space can yield photo-realistic wearing results. Experiments on real scene proprietary model images demonstrate the superiority of DGP over several state-of-the-art supervised methods when generating clothing model images.      
### 38.Co-training Transformer with Videos and Images Improves Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07175.pdf)
>  In learning action recognition, models are typically pre-trained on object recognition with images, such as ImageNet, and later fine-tuned on target action recognition with videos. This approach has achieved good empirical performance especially with recent transformer-based video architectures. While recently many works aim to design more advanced transformer architectures for action recognition, less effort has been made on how to train video transformers. In this work, we explore several training paradigms and present two findings. First, video transformers benefit from joint training on diverse video datasets and label spaces (e.g., Kinetics is appearance-focused while SomethingSomething is motion-focused). Second, by further co-training with images (as single-frame videos), the video transformers learn even better video representations. We term this approach as Co-training Videos and Images for Action Recognition (CoVeR). In particular, when pretrained on ImageNet-21K based on the TimeSFormer architecture, CoVeR improves Kinetics-400 Top-1 Accuracy by 2.4%, Kinetics-600 by 2.3%, and SomethingSomething-v2 by 2.3%. When pretrained on larger-scale image datasets following previous state-of-the-art, CoVeR achieves best results on Kinetics-400 (87.2%), Kinetics-600 (87.9%), Kinetics-700 (79.8%), SomethingSomething-v2 (70.9%), and Moments-in-Time (46.1%), with a simple spatio-temporal video transformer.      
### 39.On the use of Cortical Magnification and Saccades as Biological Proxies for Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07173.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning is a powerful way to learn useful representations from natural data. It has also been suggested as one possible means of building visual representation in humans, but the specific objective and algorithm are unknown. Currently, most self-supervised methods encourage the system to learn an invariant representation of different transformations of the same image in contrast to those of other images. However, such transformations are generally non-biologically plausible, and often consist of contrived perceptual schemes such as random cropping and color jittering. In this paper, we attempt to reverse-engineer these augmentations to be more biologically or perceptually plausible while still conferring the same benefits for encouraging robust representation. Critically, we find that random cropping can be substituted by cortical magnification, and saccade-like sampling of the image could also assist the representation learning. The feasibility of these transformations suggests a potential way that biological visual systems could implement self-supervision. Further, they break the widely accepted spatially-uniform processing assumption used in many computer vision algorithms, suggesting a role for spatially-adaptive computation in humans and machines alike. Our code and demo can be found here.      
### 40.Birds Eye View Social Distancing Analysis System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07159.pdf)
>  Social distancing can reduce the infection rates in respiratory pandemics such as COVID-19. Traffic intersections are particularly suitable for monitoring and evaluation of social distancing behavior in metropolises. We propose and evaluate a privacy-preserving social distancing analysis system (B-SDA), which uses bird's-eye view video recordings of pedestrians who cross traffic intersections. We devise algorithms for video pre-processing, object detection and tracking which are rooted in the known computer-vision and deep learning techniques, but modified to address the problem of detecting very small objects/pedestrians captured by a highly elevated camera. We propose a method for incorporating pedestrian grouping for detection of social distancing violations. B-SDA is used to compare pedestrian behavior based on pre-pandemic and pandemic videos in a major metropolitan area. The accomplished pedestrian detection performance is $63.0\%$ $AP_{50}$ and the tracking performance is $47.6\%$ MOTA. The social distancing violation rate of $15.6\%$ during the pandemic is notably lower than $31.4\%$ pre-pandemic baseline, indicating that pedestrians followed CDC-prescribed social distancing recommendations. The proposed system is suitable for deployment in real-world applications.      
### 41.PP-HumanSeg: Connectivity-Aware Portrait Segmentation with a Large-Scale Teleconferencing Video Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07146.pdf)
>  As the COVID-19 pandemic rampages across the world, the demands of video conferencing surge. To this end, real-time portrait segmentation becomes a popular feature to replace backgrounds of conferencing participants. While feature-rich datasets, models and algorithms have been offered for segmentation that extract body postures from life scenes, portrait segmentation has yet not been well covered in a video conferencing context. To facilitate the progress in this field, we introduce an open-source solution named PP-HumanSeg. This work is the first to construct a large-scale video portrait dataset that contains 291 videos from 23 conference scenes with 14K fine-labeled frames and extensions to multi-camera teleconferencing. Furthermore, we propose a novel Semantic Connectivity-aware Learning (SCL) for semantic segmentation, which introduces a semantic connectivity-aware loss to improve the quality of segmentation results from the perspective of connectivity. And we propose an ultra-lightweight model with SCL for practical portrait segmentation, which achieves the best trade-off between IoU and the speed of inference. Extensive evaluations on our dataset demonstrate the superiority of SCL and our model. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleSeg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 42.CLIP-Lite: Information Efficient Visual Representation Learning from Textual Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07133.pdf)
>  We propose CLIP-Lite, an information efficient method for visual representation learning by feature alignment with textual annotations. Compared to the previously proposed CLIP model, CLIP-Lite requires only one negative image-text sample pair for every positive image-text sample during the optimization of its contrastive learning objective. We accomplish this by taking advantage of an information efficient lower-bound to maximize the mutual information between the two input modalities. This allows CLIP-Lite to be trained with significantly reduced amounts of data and batch sizes while obtaining better performance than CLIP. We evaluate CLIP-Lite by pretraining on the COCO-Captions dataset and testing transfer learning to other datasets. CLIP-Lite obtains a +15.4% mAP absolute gain in performance on Pascal VOC classification, and a +22.1% top-1 accuracy gain on ImageNet, while being comparable or superior to other, more complex, text-supervised models. CLIP-Lite is also superior to CLIP on image and text retrieval, zero-shot classification, and visual grounding. Finally, by performing explicit image-text alignment during representation learning, we show that CLIP-Lite can leverage language semantics to encourage bias-free visual representations that can be used in downstream tasks.      
### 43.Joint 3D Object Detection and Tracking Using Spatio-Temporal Representation of Camera Image and LiDAR Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07116.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a new joint object detection and tracking (JoDT) framework for 3D object detection and tracking based on camera and LiDAR sensors. The proposed method, referred to as 3D DetecTrack, enables the detector and tracker to cooperate to generate a spatio-temporal representation of the camera and LiDAR data, with which 3D object detection and tracking are then performed. The detector constructs the spatio-temporal features via the weighted temporal aggregation of the spatial features obtained by the camera and LiDAR fusion. Then, the detector reconfigures the initial detection results using information from the tracklets maintained up to the previous time step. Based on the spatio-temporal features generated by the detector, the tracker associates the detected objects with previously tracked objects using a graph neural network (GNN). We devise a fully-connected GNN facilitated by a combination of rule-based edge pruning and attention-based edge gating, which exploits both spatial and temporal object contexts to improve tracking performance. The experiments conducted on both KITTI and nuScenes benchmarks demonstrate that the proposed 3D DetecTrack achieves significant improvements in both detection and tracking performances over baseline methods and achieves state-of-the-art performance among existing methods through collaboration between the detector and tracker.      
### 44.EMDS-6: Environmental Microorganism Image Dataset Sixth Version for Image Denoising, Segmentation, Feature Extraction, Classification and Detection Methods Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07111.pdf)
>  Environmental microorganisms (EMs) are ubiquitous around us and have an important impact on the survival and development of human society. However, the high standards and strict requirements for the preparation of environmental microorganism (EM) data have led to the insufficient of existing related databases, not to mention the databases with GT images. This problem seriously affects the progress of related experiments. Therefore, This study develops the Environmental Microorganism Dataset Sixth Version (EMDS-6), which contains 21 types of EMs. Each type of EM contains 40 original and 40 GT images, in total 1680 EM images. In this study, in order to test the effectiveness of EMDS-6. We choose the classic algorithms of image processing methods such as image denoising, image segmentation and target detection. The experimental result shows that EMDS-6 can be used to evaluate the performance of image denoising, image segmentation, image feature extraction, image classification, and object detection methods.      
### 45.ES-CRF: Embedded Superpixel CRF for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07106.pdf)
>  Modern semantic segmentation methods devote much attention to adjusting feature representations to improve the segmentation performance in various ways, such as metric learning, architecture design, etc. However, almost all those methods neglect the particularity of boundary pixels. These pixels are prone to obtain confusing features from both sides due to the continuous expansion of receptive fields in CNN networks. In this way, they will mislead the model optimization direction and make the class weights of such categories that tend to share many adjacent pixels lack discrimination, which will damage the overall performance. In this work, we dive deep into this problem and propose a novel method named Embedded Superpixel CRF (ES-CRF) to address it. ES-CRF involves two main aspects. On the one hand, ES-CRF innovatively fuses the CRF mechanism into the CNN network as an organic whole for more effective end-to-end optimization. It utilizes CRF to guide the message passing between pixels in high-level features to purify the feature representation of boundary pixels, with the help of inner pixels belong to the same object. On the other hand, superpixel is integrated into ES-CRF to exploit the local object prior for more reliable message passing. Finally, our proposed method yields new records on two challenging benchmarks, i.e., Cityscapes and ADE20K. Moreover, we make detailed theoretical analysis to verify the superiority of ES-CRF.      
### 46.ElePose: Unsupervised 3D Human Pose Estimation by Predicting Camera Elevation and Learning Normalizing Flows on 2D Poses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07088.pdf)
>  Human pose estimation from single images is a challenging problem that is typically solved by supervised learning. Unfortunately, labeled training data does not yet exist for many human activities since 3D annotation requires dedicated motion capture systems. Therefore, we propose an unsupervised approach that learns to predict a 3D human pose from a single image while only being trained with 2D pose data, which can be crowd-sourced and is already widely available. To this end, we estimate the 3D pose that is most likely over random projections, with the likelihood estimated using normalizing flows on 2D poses. While previous work requires strong priors on camera rotations in the training data set, we learn the distribution of camera angles which significantly improves the performance. Another part of our contribution is to stabilize training with normalizing flows on high-dimensional 3D pose data by first projecting the 2D poses to a linear subspace. We outperform the state-of-the-art unsupervised human pose estimation methods on the benchmark datasets Human3.6M and MPI-INF-3DHP in many metrics.      
### 47.DeepDiffusion: Unsupervised Learning of Retrieval-adapted Representations via Diffusion-based Ranking on Latent Feature Manifold  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07082.pdf)
>  Unsupervised learning of feature representations is a challenging yet important problem for analyzing a large collection of multimedia data that do not have semantic labels. Recently proposed neural network-based unsupervised learning approaches have succeeded in obtaining features appropriate for classification of multimedia data. However, unsupervised learning of feature representations adapted to content-based matching, comparison, or retrieval of multimedia data has not been explored well. To obtain such retrieval-adapted features, we introduce the idea of combining diffusion distance on a feature manifold with neural network-based unsupervised feature learning. This idea is realized as a novel algorithm called DeepDiffusion (DD). DD simultaneously optimizes two components, a feature embedding by a deep neural network and a distance metric that leverages diffusion on a latent feature manifold, together. DD relies on its loss function but not encoder architecture. It can thus be applied to diverse multimedia data types with their respective encoder architectures. Experimental evaluation using 3D shapes and 2D images demonstrates versatility as well as high accuracy of the DD algorithm. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/takahikof/DeepDiffusion" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 48.Towards a Unified Foundation Model: Jointly Pre-Training Transformers on Unpaired Images and Text  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07074.pdf)
>  In this paper, we explore the possibility of building a unified foundation model that can be adapted to both vision-only and text-only tasks. Starting from BERT and ViT, we design a unified transformer consisting of modality-specific tokenizers, a shared transformer encoder, and task-specific output heads. To efficiently pre-train the proposed model jointly on unpaired images and text, we propose two novel techniques: (i) We employ the separately-trained BERT and ViT models as teachers and apply knowledge distillation to provide additional, accurate supervision signals for the joint training; (ii) We propose a novel gradient masking strategy to balance the parameter updates from the image and text pre-training losses. We evaluate the jointly pre-trained transformer by fine-tuning it on image classification tasks and natural language understanding tasks, respectively. The experiments show that the resultant unified foundation transformer works surprisingly well on both the vision-only and text-only tasks, and the proposed knowledge distillation and gradient masking strategy can effectively lift the performance to approach the level of separately-trained models.      
### 49.Multi-Expert Human Action Recognition with Hierarchical Super-Class Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07015.pdf)
>  In still image human action recognition, existing studies have mainly leveraged extra bounding box information along with class labels to mitigate the lack of temporal information in still images; however, preparing extra data with manual annotation is time-consuming and also prone to human errors. Moreover, the existing studies have not addressed action recognition with long-tailed distribution. In this paper, we propose a two-phase multi-expert classification method for human action recognition to cope with long-tailed distribution by means of super-class learning and without any extra information. To choose the best configuration for each super-class and characterize inter-class dependency between different action classes, we propose a novel Graph-Based Class Selection (GCS) algorithm. In the proposed approach, a coarse-grained phase selects the most relevant fine-grained experts. Then, the fine-grained experts encode the intricate details within each super-class so that the inter-class variation increases. Extensive experimental evaluations are conducted on various public human action recognition datasets, including Stanford40, Pascal VOC 2012 Action, BU101+, and IHAR datasets. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method yields promising improvements. To be more specific, in IHAR, Sanford40, Pascal VOC 2012 Action, and BU101+ benchmarks, the proposed approach outperforms the state-of-the-art studies by 8.92%, 0.41%, 0.66%, and 2.11 % with much less computational cost and without any auxiliary annotation information. Besides, it is proven that in addressing action recognition with long-tailed distribution, the proposed method outperforms its counterparts by a significant margin.      
### 50.Event-guided Deblurring of Unknown Exposure Time Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06988.pdf)
>  Video deblurring is a highly ill-posed problem due to the loss of motion information in the blur degradation process. Since event cameras can capture apparent motion with a high temporal resolution, several attempts have explored the potential of events for guiding video deblurring. These methods generally assume that the exposure time is the same as the reciprocal of the video frame rate. However,this is not true in real situations, and the exposure time might be unknown and dynamically varies depending on the video shooting environment(e.g., illumination condition). In this paper, we address the event-guided video deblurring assuming dynamically variable unknown exposure time of the frame-based camera. To this end, we first derive a new formulation for event-guided video deblurring by considering the exposure and readout time in the video frame acquisition process. We then propose a novel end-toend learning framework for event-guided video deblurring. In particular, we design a novel Exposure Time-based Event Selection(ETES) module to selectively use event features by estimating the cross-modal correlation between the features from blurred frames and the events. Moreover, we propose a feature fusion module to effectively fuse the selected features from events and blur frames. We conduct extensive experiments on various datasets and demonstrate that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance. Our project code and pretrained models will be available.      
### 51.Exploring Latent Dimensions of Crowd-sourced Creativity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06978.pdf)
>  Recently, the discovery of interpretable directions in the latent spaces of pre-trained GANs has become a popular topic. While existing works mostly consider directions for semantic image manipulations, we focus on an abstract property: creativity. Can we manipulate an image to be more or less creative? We build our work on the largest AI-based creativity platform, Artbreeder, where users can generate images using pre-trained GAN models. We explore the latent dimensions of images generated on this platform and present a novel framework for manipulating images to make them more creative. Our code and dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/catlab-team/latentcreative" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 52.VALSE: A Task-Independent Benchmark for Vision and Language Models Centered on Linguistic Phenomena  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07566.pdf)
>  We propose VALSE (Vision And Language Structured Evaluation), a novel benchmark designed for testing general-purpose pretrained vision and language (V&amp;L) models for their visio-linguistic grounding capabilities on specific linguistic phenomena. VALSE offers a suite of six tests covering various linguistic constructs. Solving these requires models to ground linguistic phenomena in the visual modality, allowing more fine-grained evaluations than hitherto possible. We build VALSE using methods that support the construction of valid foils, and report results from evaluating five widely-used V&amp;L models. Our experiments suggest that current models have considerable difficulty addressing most phenomena. Hence, we expect VALSE to serve as an important benchmark to measure future progress of pretrained V&amp;L models from a linguistic perspective, complementing the canonical task-centred V&amp;L evaluations.      
### 53.Classification of histopathology images using ConvNets to detect Lupus Nephritis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07555.pdf)
>  Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is an autoimmune disease in which the immune system of the patient starts attacking healthy tissues of the body. Lupus Nephritis (LN) refers to the inflammation of kidney tissues resulting in renal failure due to these attacks. The International Society of Nephrology/Renal Pathology Society (ISN/RPS) has released a classification system based on various patterns observed during renal injury in SLE. Traditional methods require meticulous pathological assessment of the renal biopsy and are time-consuming. Recently, computational techniques have helped to alleviate this issue by using virtual microscopy or Whole Slide Imaging (WSI). With the use of deep learning and modern computer vision techniques, we propose a pipeline that is able to automate the process of 1) detection of various glomeruli patterns present in these whole slide images and 2) classification of each image using the extracted glomeruli features.      
### 54.Improving COVID-19 CXR Detection with Synthetic Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07529.pdf)
>  Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, researchers have developed deep learning models to classify COVID-19 induced pneumonia. As with many medical imaging tasks, the quality and quantity of the available data is often limited. In this work we train a deep learning model on publicly available COVID-19 image data and evaluate the model on local hospital chest X-ray data. The data has been reviewed and labeled by two radiologists to ensure a high quality estimation of the generalization capabilities of the model. Furthermore, we are using a Generative Adversarial Network to generate synthetic X-ray images based on this data. Our results show that using those synthetic images for data augmentation can improve the model's performance significantly. This can be a promising approach for many sparse data domains.      
### 55.Text Classification Models for Form Entity Linking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07443.pdf)
>  Forms are a widespread type of template-based document used in a great variety of fields including, among others, administration, medicine, finance, or insurance. The automatic extraction of the information included in these documents is greatly demanded due to the increasing volume of forms that are generated in a daily basis. However, this is not a straightforward task when working with scanned forms because of the great diversity of templates with different location of form entities, and the quality of the scanned documents. In this context, there is a feature that is shared by all forms: they contain a collection of interlinked entities built as key-value (or label-value) pairs, together with other entities such as headers or images. In this work, we have tacked the problem of entity linking in forms by combining image processing techniques and a text classification model based on the BERT architecture. This approach achieves state-of-the-art results with a F1-score of 0.80 on the FUNSD dataset, a 5% improvement regarding the best previous method. The code of this project is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mavillot/FUNSD-Entity-Linking" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 56.Stochastic Planner-Actor-Critic for Unsupervised Deformable Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07415.pdf)
>  Large deformations of organs, caused by diverse shapes and nonlinear shape changes, pose a significant challenge for medical image registration. Traditional registration methods need to iteratively optimize an objective function via a specific deformation model along with meticulous parameter tuning, but which have limited capabilities in registering images with large deformations. While deep learning-based methods can learn the complex mapping from input images to their respective deformation field, it is regression-based and is prone to be stuck at local minima, particularly when large deformations are involved. To this end, we present Stochastic Planner-Actor-Critic (SPAC), a novel reinforcement learning-based framework that performs step-wise registration. The key notion is warping a moving image successively by each time step to finally align to a fixed image. Considering that it is challenging to handle high dimensional continuous action and state spaces in the conventional reinforcement learning (RL) framework, we introduce a new concept `Plan' to the standard Actor-Critic model, which is of low dimension and can facilitate the actor to generate a tractable high dimensional action. The entire framework is based on unsupervised training and operates in an end-to-end manner. We evaluate our method on several 2D and 3D medical image datasets, some of which contain large deformations. Our empirical results highlight that our work achieves consistent, significant gains and outperforms state-of-the-art methods.      
### 57.Simple and Robust Loss Design for Multi-Label Learning with Missing Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07368.pdf)
>  Multi-label learning in the presence of missing labels (MLML) is a challenging problem. Existing methods mainly focus on the design of network structures or training schemes, which increase the complexity of implementation. This work seeks to fulfill the potential of loss function in MLML without increasing the procedure and complexity. Toward this end, we propose two simple yet effective methods via robust loss design based on an observation that a model can identify missing labels during training with a high precision. The first is a novel robust loss for negatives, namely the Hill loss, which re-weights negatives in the shape of a hill to alleviate the effect of false negatives. The second is a self-paced loss correction (SPLC) method, which uses a loss derived from the maximum likelihood criterion under an approximate distribution of missing labels. Comprehensive experiments on a vast range of multi-label image classification datasets demonstrate that our methods can remarkably boost the performance of MLML and achieve new state-of-the-art loss functions in MLML.      
### 58.Noise Reduction and Driving Event Extraction Method for Performance Improvement on Driving Noise-based Surface Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07214.pdf)
>  Foreign substances on the road surface, such as rainwater or black ice, reduce the friction between the tire and the surface. The above situation will reduce the braking performance and make difficult to control the vehicle body posture. In that case, there is a possibility of property damage at least. In the worst case, personal damage will be occured. To avoid this problem, a road anomaly detection model is proposed based on vehicle driving noise. However, the prior proposal does not consider the extra noise, mixed with driving noise, and skipping calculations for moments without vehicle driving. In this paper, we propose a simple driving event extraction method and noise reduction method for improving computational efficiency and anomaly detection performance.      
### 59.Modeling Image Quantization Tradeoffs for Optimal Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07207.pdf)
>  All Lossy compression algorithms employ similar compression schemes -- frequency domain transform followed by quantization and lossless encoding schemes. They target tradeoffs by quantizating high frequency data to increase compression rates which come at the cost of higher image distortion. We propose a new method of optimizing quantization tables using Deep Learning and a minimax loss function that more accurately measures the tradeoffs between rate and distortion parameters (RD) than previous methods. We design a convolutional neural network (CNN) that learns a mapping between image blocks and quantization tables in an unsupervised manner. By processing images across all channels at once, we can achieve stronger performance by also measuring tradeoffs in information loss between different channels. We initially target optimization on JPEG images but feel that this can be expanded to any lossy compressor.      
### 60.COVID-19 Pneumonia and Influenza Pneumonia Detection Using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07102.pdf)
>  In the research, we developed a computer vision solution to support diagnostic radiology in differentiating between COVID-19 pneumonia, influenza virus pneumonia, and normal biomarkers. The chest radiograph appearance of COVID-19 pneumonia is thought to be nonspecific, having presented a challenge to identify an optimal architecture of a convolutional neural network (CNN) that would classify with a high sensitivity among the pulmonary inflammation features of COVID-19 and non-COVID-19 types of pneumonia. Rahman (2021) states that COVID-19 radiography images observe unavailability and quality issues impacting the diagnostic process and affecting the accuracy of the deep learning detection models. A significant scarcity of COVID-19 radiography images introduced an imbalance in data motivating us to use over-sampling techniques. In the study, we include an extensive set of X-ray imaging of human lungs (CXR) with COVID-19 pneumonia, influenza virus pneumonia, and normal biomarkers to achieve an extensible and accurate CNN model. In the experimentation phase of the research, we evaluated a variety of convolutional network architectures, selecting a sequential convolutional network with two traditional convolutional layers and two pooling layers with maximum function. In its classification performance, the best performing model demonstrated a validation accuracy of 93% and an F1 score of 0.95. We chose the Azure Machine Learning service to perform network experimentation and solution deployment. The auto-scaling compute clusters offered a significant time reduction in network training. We would like to see scientists across fields of artificial intelligence and human biology collaborating and expanding on the proposed solution to provide rapid and comprehensive diagnostics, effectively mitigating the spread of the virus      
### 61.Heuristic Hyperparameter Optimization for Convolutional Neural Networks using Genetic Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07087.pdf)
>  In recent years, people from all over the world are suffering from one of the most severe diseases in history, known as Coronavirus disease 2019, COVID-19 for short. When the virus reaches the lungs, it has a higher probability to cause lung pneumonia and sepsis. X-ray image is a powerful tool in identifying the typical features of the infection for COVID-19 patients. The radiologists and pathologists observe that ground-glass opacity appears in the chest X-ray for infected patient \cite{cozzi2021ground}, and it could be used as one of the criteria during the diagnosis process. In the past few years, deep learning has proven to be one of the most powerful methods in the field of image classification. Due to significant differences in Chest X-Ray between normal and infected people \cite{rousan2020chest}, deep models could be used to identify the presence of the disease given a patient's Chest X-Ray. Many deep models are complex, and it evolves with lots of input parameters. Designers sometimes struggle with the tuning process for deep models, especially when they build up the model from scratch. Genetic Algorithm, inspired by the biological evolution process, plays a key role in solving such complex problems. In this paper, I proposed a genetic-based approach to optimize the Convolutional Neural Network(CNN) for the Chest X-Ray classification task.      
### 62.Learning Body-Aware 3D Shape Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.07022.pdf)
>  The shape of many objects in the built environment is dictated by their relationships to the human body: how will a person interact with this object? Existing data-driven generative models of 3D shapes produce plausible objects but do not reason about the relationship of those objects to the human body. In this paper, we learn body-aware generative models of 3D shapes. Specifically, we train generative models of chairs, an ubiquitous shape category, which can be conditioned on a given body shape or sitting pose. The body-shape-conditioned models produce chairs which will be comfortable for a person with the given body shape; the pose-conditioned models produce chairs which accommodate the given sitting pose. To train these models, we define a "sitting pose matching" metric and a novel "sitting comfort" metric. Calculating these metrics requires an expensive optimization to sit the body into the chair, which is too slow to be used as a loss function for training a generative model. Thus, we train neural networks to efficiently approximate these metrics. We use our approach to train three body-aware generative shape models: a structured part-based generator, a point cloud generator, and an implicit surface generator. In all cases, our approach produces models which adapt their output chair shapes to input human body specifications.      
### 63.The Brain Tumor Sequence Registration Challenge: Establishing Correspondence between Pre-Operative and Follow-up MRI scans of diffuse glioma patients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.06979.pdf)
>  Registration of longitudinal brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) scans containing pathologies is challenging due to tissue appearance changes, and still an unsolved problem. This paper describes the first Brain Tumor Sequence Registration (BraTS-Reg) challenge, focusing on estimating correspondences between pre-operative and follow-up scans of the same patient diagnosed with a brain diffuse glioma. The BraTS-Reg challenge intends to establish a public benchmark environment for deformable registration algorithms. The associated dataset comprises de-identified multi-institutional multi-parametric MRI (mpMRI) data, curated for each scan's size and resolution, according to a common anatomical template. Clinical experts have generated extensive annotations of landmarks points within the scans, descriptive of distinct anatomical locations across the temporal domain. The training data along with these ground truth annotations will be released to participants to design and develop their registration algorithms, whereas the annotations for the validation and the testing data will be withheld by the organizers and used to evaluate the containerized algorithms of the participants. Each submitted algorithm will be quantitatively evaluated using several metrics, such as the Median Absolute Error (MAE), Robustness, and the Jacobian determinant.      
