# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 30 Dec 2021
### 1.A Simple Baseline for Zero-shot Semantic Segmentation with Pre-trained Vision-language Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14757.pdf)
>  Recently, zero-shot image classification by vision-language pre-training has demonstrated incredible achievements, that the model can classify arbitrary category without seeing additional annotated images of that category. However, it is still unclear how to make the zero-shot recognition working well on broader vision problems, such as object detection and semantic segmentation. In this paper, we target for zero-shot semantic segmentation, by building it on an off-the-shelf pre-trained vision-language model, i.e., CLIP. It is difficult because semantic segmentation and the CLIP model perform on different visual granularity, that semantic segmentation processes on pixels while CLIP performs on images. To remedy the discrepancy on processing granularity, we refuse the use of the prevalent one-stage FCN based framework, and advocate a two-stage semantic segmentation framework, with the first stage extracting generalizable mask proposals and the second stage leveraging an image based CLIP model to perform zero-shot classification on the masked image crops which are generated in the first stage. Our experimental results show that this simple framework surpasses previous state-of-the-arts by a large margin: +29.5 hIoU on the Pascal VOC 2012 dataset, and +8.9 hIoU on the COCO Stuff dataset. With its simplicity and strong performance, we hope this framework to serve as a baseline to facilitate the future research.      
### 2.StyleGAN-V: A Continuous Video Generator with the Price, Image Quality and Perks of StyleGAN2  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14683.pdf)
>  Videos show continuous events, yet most - if not all - video synthesis frameworks treat them discretely in time. In this work, we think of videos of what they should be - time-continuous signals, and extend the paradigm of neural representations to build a continuous-time video generator. For this, we first design continuous motion representations through the lens of positional embeddings. Then, we explore the question of training on very sparse videos and demonstrate that a good generator can be learned by using as few as 2 frames per clip. After that, we rethink the traditional image and video discriminators pair and propose to use a single hypernetwork-based one. This decreases the training cost and provides richer learning signal to the generator, making it possible to train directly on 1024$^2$ videos for the first time. We build our model on top of StyleGAN2 and it is just 5% more expensive to train at the same resolution while achieving almost the same image quality. Moreover, our latent space features similar properties, enabling spatial manipulations that our method can propagate in time. We can generate arbitrarily long videos at arbitrary high frame rate, while prior work struggles to generate even 64 frames at a fixed rate. Our model achieves state-of-the-art results on four modern 256$^2$ video synthesis benchmarks and one 1024$^2$ resolution one. Videos and the source code are available at the project website: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://universome.github.io/stylegan-v" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.MetaGraspNet: A Large-Scale Benchmark Dataset forVision-driven Robotic Grasping via Physics-basedMetaverse Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14663.pdf)
>  There has been increasing interest in smart factories powered by robotics systems to tackle repetitive, laborious tasks. One impactful yet challenging task in robotics-powered smart factory applications is robotic grasping: using robotic arms to grasp objects autonomously in different settings. Robotic grasping requires a variety of computer vision tasks such as object detection, segmentation, grasp prediction, pick planning, etc. While significant progress has been made in leveraging of machine learning for robotic grasping, particularly with deep learning, a big challenge remains in the need for large-scale, high-quality RGBD datasets that cover a wide diversity of scenarios and permutations. To tackle this big, diverse data problem, we are inspired by the recent rise in the concept of metaverse, which has greatly closed the gap between virtual worlds and the physical world. Metaverses allow us to create digital twins of real-world manufacturing scenarios and to virtually create different scenarios from which large volumes of data can be generated for training models. In this paper, we present MetaGraspNet: a large-scale benchmark dataset for vision-driven robotic grasping via physics-based metaverse synthesis. The proposed dataset contains 100,000 images and 25 different object types and is split into 5 difficulties to evaluate object detection and segmentation model performance in different grasping scenarios. We also propose a new layout-weighted performance metric alongside the dataset for evaluating object detection and segmentation performance in a manner that is more appropriate for robotic grasp applications compared to existing general-purpose performance metrics. Our benchmark dataset is available open-source on Kaggle, with the first phase consisting of detailed object detection, segmentation, layout annotations, and a layout-weighted performance metric script.      
### 4.Gendered Differences in Face Recognition Accuracy Explained by Hairstyles, Makeup, and Facial Morphology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14656.pdf)
>  Media reports have accused face recognition of being ''biased'', ''sexist'' and ''racist''. There is consensus in the research literature that face recognition accuracy is lower for females, who often have both a higher false match rate and a higher false non-match rate. However, there is little published research aimed at identifying the cause of lower accuracy for females. For instance, the 2019 Face Recognition Vendor Test that documents lower female accuracy across a broad range of algorithms and datasets also lists ''Analyze cause and effect'' under the heading ''What we did not do''. We present the first experimental analysis to identify major causes of lower face recognition accuracy for females on datasets where previous research has observed this result. Controlling for equal amount of visible face in the test images mitigates the apparent higher false non-match rate for females. Additional analysis shows that makeup-balanced datasets further improves females to achieve lower false non-match rates. Finally, a clustering experiment suggests that images of two different females are inherently more similar than of two different males, potentially accounting for a difference in false match rates.      
### 5.On the Instability of Relative Pose Estimation and RANSAC's Role  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14651.pdf)
>  In this paper we study the numerical instabilities of the 5- and 7-point problems for essential and fundamental matrix estimation in multiview geometry. In both cases we characterize the ill-posed world scenes where the condition number for epipolar estimation is infinite. We also characterize the ill-posed instances in terms of the given image data. To arrive at these results, we present a general framework for analyzing the conditioning of minimal problems in multiview geometry, based on Riemannian manifolds. Experiments with synthetic and real-world data then reveal a striking conclusion: that Random Sample Consensus (RANSAC) in Structure-from-Motion (SfM) does not only serve to filter out outliers, but RANSAC also selects for well-conditioned image data, sufficiently separated from the ill-posed locus that our theory predicts. Our findings suggest that, in future work, one could try to accelerate and increase the success of RANSAC by testing only well-conditioned image data.      
### 6.Res2NetFuse: A Fusion Method for Infrared and Visible Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14540.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel Res2Net-based fusion framework for infrared and visible images. The proposed fusion model has three parts: an encoder, a fusion layer and a decoder, respectively. The Res2Net-based encoder is used to extract multi-scale features of source images, the paper introducing a new training strategy for training a Res2Net-based encoder that uses only a single image. Then, a new fusion strategy is developed based on the attention model. Finally, the fused image is reconstructed by the decoder. The proposed approach is also analyzed in detail. Experiments show that our method achieves state-of-the-art fusion performance in objective and subjective assessment by comparing with the existing methods.      
### 7.Spatial Distribution Patterns of Clownfish in Recirculating Aquaculture Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14513.pdf)
>  Monitoring and detecting fish behaviors provide essential information on fish welfare and contribute to achieving intelligent production in global aquaculture. This work proposes an efficient approach to analyze the spatial distribution status and motion patterns of juvenile clownfish (Amphiprion bicinctus) maintained in aquaria at three stocking densities (1, 5, and 10 individuals/aquarium). The estimated displacement is the key factor in assessing the dispersion and velocity to express the clownfish's spatial distribution and movement behavior in a recirculating aquaculture system. Indeed, we aim at computing the velocity, magnitude, and turning angle using an optical flow method to assist aquaculturists in efficiently monitoring and identifying fish behavior. We test the system design on a database containing two days of video streams of juvenile clownfish maintained in aquaria. The proposed displacement estimation reveals good performance in measuring clownfish's motion and dispersion characteristics. Furthermore, we demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed technique for quantifying variation in clownfish activity levels between recordings taken in the morning and afternoon.      
### 8.Two-phase training mitigates class imbalance for camera trap image classification with CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14491.pdf)
>  By leveraging deep learning to automatically classify camera trap images, ecologists can monitor biodiversity conservation efforts and the effects of climate change on ecosystems more efficiently. Due to the imbalanced class-distribution of camera trap datasets, current models are biased towards the majority classes. As a result, they obtain good performance for a few majority classes but poor performance for many minority classes. We used two-phase training to increase the performance for these minority classes. We trained, next to a baseline model, four models that implemented a different versions of two-phase training on a subset of the highly imbalanced Snapshot Serengeti dataset. Our results suggest that two-phase training can improve performance for many minority classes, with limited loss in performance for the other classes. We find that two-phase training based on majority undersampling increases class-specific F1-scores up to 3.0%. We also find that two-phase training outperforms using only oversampling or undersampling by 6.1% in F1-score on average. Finally, we find that a combination of over- and undersampling leads to a better performance than using them individually.      
### 9.Semantic Feature Extraction for Generalized Zero-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14478.pdf)
>  Generalized zero-shot learning (GZSL) is a technique to train a deep learning model to identify unseen classes using the attribute. In this paper, we put forth a new GZSL technique that improves the GZSL classification performance greatly. Key idea of the proposed approach, henceforth referred to as semantic feature extraction-based GZSL (SE-GZSL), is to use the semantic feature containing only attribute-related information in learning the relationship between the image and the attribute. In doing so, we can remove the interference, if any, caused by the attribute-irrelevant information contained in the image feature. To train a network extracting the semantic feature, we present two novel loss functions, 1) mutual information-based loss to capture all the attribute-related information in the image feature and 2) similarity-based loss to remove unwanted attribute-irrelevant information. From extensive experiments using various datasets, we show that the proposed SE-GZSL technique outperforms conventional GZSL approaches by a large margin.      
### 10.ACDNet: Adaptively Combined Dilated Convolution for Monocular Panorama Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14440.pdf)
>  Depth estimation is a crucial step for 3D reconstruction with panorama images in recent years. Panorama images maintain the complete spatial information but introduce distortion with equirectangular projection. In this paper, we propose an ACDNet based on the adaptively combined dilated convolution to predict the dense depth map for a monocular panoramic image. Specifically, we combine the convolution kernels with different dilations to extend the receptive field in the equirectangular projection. Meanwhile, we introduce an adaptive channel-wise fusion module to summarize the feature maps and get diverse attention areas in the receptive field along the channels. Due to the utilization of channel-wise attention in constructing the adaptive channel-wise fusion module, the network can capture and leverage the cross-channel contextual information efficiently. Finally, we conduct depth estimation experiments on three datasets (both virtual and real-world) and the experimental results demonstrate that our proposed ACDNet substantially outperforms the current state-of-the-art (SOTA) methods. Our codes and model parameters are accessed in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zcq15/ACDNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.Invertible Image Dataset Protection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14420.pdf)
>  Deep learning has achieved enormous success in various industrial applications. Companies do not want their valuable data to be stolen by malicious employees to train pirated models. Nor do they wish the data analyzed by the competitors after using them online. We propose a novel solution for dataset protection in this scenario by robustly and reversibly transform the images into adversarial images. We develop a reversible adversarial example generator (RAEG) that introduces slight changes to the images to fool traditional classification models. Even though malicious attacks train pirated models based on the defensed versions of the protected images, RAEG can significantly weaken the functionality of these models. Meanwhile, the reversibility of RAEG ensures the performance of authorized models. Extensive experiments demonstrate that RAEG can better protect the data with slight distortion against adversarial defense than previous methods.      
### 12.Overcoming Mode Collapse with Adaptive Multi Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14406.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) are a class of generative models used for various applications, but they have been known to suffer from the mode collapse problem, in which some modes of the target distribution are ignored by the generator. Investigative study using a new data generation procedure indicates that the mode collapse of the generator is driven by the discriminator's inability to maintain classification accuracy on previously seen samples, a phenomenon called Catastrophic Forgetting in continual learning. Motivated by this observation, we introduce a novel training procedure that adaptively spawns additional discriminators to remember previous modes of generation. On several datasets, we show that our training scheme can be plugged-in to existing GAN frameworks to mitigate mode collapse and improve standard metrics for GAN evaluation.      
### 13.Self-Supervised Robustifying Guidance for Monocular 3D Face Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14382.pdf)
>  Despite the recent developments in 3D Face Reconstruction from occluded and noisy face images, the performance is still unsatisfactory. One of the main challenges is to handle moderate to heavy occlusions in the face images. In addition, the noise in the face images inhibits the correct capture of facial attributes, thus needing to be reliably addressed. Moreover, most existing methods rely on additional dependencies, posing numerous constraints over the training procedure. Therefore, we propose a Self-Supervised RObustifying GUidancE (ROGUE) framework to obtain robustness against occlusions and noise in the face images. The proposed network contains 1) the Guidance Pipeline to obtain the 3D face coefficients for the clean faces, and 2) the Robustification Pipeline to acquire the consistency between the estimated coefficients for occluded or noisy images and the clean counterpart. The proposed image- and feature-level loss functions aid the ROGUE learning process without posing additional dependencies. On the three variations of the test dataset of CelebA: rational occlusions, delusional occlusions, and noisy face images, our method outperforms the current state-of-the-art method by large margins (e.g., for the shape-based 3D vertex errors, a reduction from 0.146 to 0.048 for rational occlusions, from 0.292 to 0.061 for delusional occlusions and from 0.269 to 0.053 for the noise in the face images), demonstrating the effectiveness of the proposed approach.      
### 14.COTReg:Coupled Optimal Transport based Point Cloud Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14381.pdf)
>  Generating a set of high-quality correspondences or matches is one of the most critical steps in point cloud registration. This paper proposes a learning framework COTReg by jointly considering the pointwise and structural matchings to predict correspondences of 3D point cloud registration. Specifically, we transform the two matchings into a Wasserstein distance-based and a Gromov-Wasserstein distance-based optimizations, respectively. Thus the task of establishing the correspondences can be naturally reshaped to a coupled optimal transport problem. Furthermore, we design a network to predict the confidence score of being an inlier for each point of the point clouds, which provides the overlap region information to generate correspondences. Our correspondence prediction pipeline can be easily integrated into either learning-based features like FCGF or traditional descriptors like FPFH. We conducted comprehensive experiments on 3DMatch, KITTI, 3DCSR, and ModelNet40 benchmarks, showing the state-of-art performance of the proposed method.      
### 15.Cross-Domain Empirical Risk Minimization for Unbiased Long-tailed Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14380.pdf)
>  We address the overlooked unbiasedness in existing long-tailed classification methods: we find that their overall improvement is mostly attributed to the biased preference of tail over head, as the test distribution is assumed to be balanced; however, when the test is as imbalanced as the long-tailed training data -- let the test respect Zipf's law of nature -- the tail bias is no longer beneficial overall because it hurts the head majorities. In this paper, we propose Cross-Domain Empirical Risk Minimization (xERM) for training an unbiased model to achieve strong performances on both test distributions, which empirically demonstrates that xERM fundamentally improves the classification by learning better feature representation rather than the head vs. tail game. Based on causality, we further theoretically explain why xERM achieves unbiasedness: the bias caused by the domain selection is removed by adjusting the empirical risks on the imbalanced domain and the balanced but unseen domain. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BeierZhu/xERM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 16.Background-aware Classification Activation Map for Weakly Supervised Object Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14379.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised object localization (WSOL) relaxes the requirement of dense annotations for object localization by using image-level classification masks to supervise its learning process. However, current WSOL methods suffer from excessive activation of background locations and need post-processing to obtain the localization mask. This paper attributes these issues to the unawareness of background cues, and propose the background-aware classification activation map (B-CAM) to simultaneously learn localization scores of both object and background with only image-level labels. In our B-CAM, two image-level features, aggregated by pixel-level features of potential background and object locations, are used to purify the object feature from the object-related background and to represent the feature of the pure-background sample, respectively. Then based on these two features, both the object classifier and the background classifier are learned to determine the binary object localization mask. Our B-CAM can be trained in end-to-end manner based on a proposed stagger classification loss, which not only improves the objects localization but also suppresses the background activation. Experiments show that our B-CAM outperforms one-stage WSOL methods on the CUB-200, OpenImages and VOC2012 datasets.      
### 17.360° Optical Flow using Tangent Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14331.pdf)
>  Omnidirectional 360° images have found many promising and exciting applications in computer vision, robotics and other fields, thanks to their increasing affordability, portability and their 360° field of view. The most common format for storing, processing and visualising 360° images is equirectangular projection (ERP). However, the distortion introduced by the nonlinear mapping from 360° image to ERP image is still a barrier that holds back ERP images from being used as easily as conventional perspective images. This is especially relevant when estimating 360° optical flow, as the distortions need to be mitigated appropriately. In this paper, we propose a 360° optical flow method based on tangent images. Our method leverages gnomonic projection to locally convert ERP images to perspective images, and uniformly samples the ERP image by projection to a cubemap and regular icosahedron vertices, to incrementally refine the estimated 360° flow fields even in the presence of large rotations. Our experiments demonstrate the benefits of our proposed method both quantitatively and qualitatively.      
### 18.Multi-Head Deep Metric Learning Using Global and Local Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14327.pdf)
>  Deep Metric Learning (DML) models often require strong local and global representations, however, effective integration of local and global features in DML model training is a challenge. DML models are often trained with specific loss functions, including pairwise-based and proxy-based losses. The pairwise-based loss functions leverage rich semantic relations among data points, however, they often suffer from slow convergence during DML model training. On the other hand, the proxy-based loss functions often lead to significant speedups in convergence during training, while the rich relations among data points are often not fully explored by the proxy-based losses. In this paper, we propose a novel DML approach to address these challenges. The proposed DML approach makes use of a hybrid loss by integrating the pairwise-based and the proxy-based loss functions to leverage rich data-to-data relations as well as fast convergence. Furthermore, the proposed DML approach utilizes both global and local features to obtain rich representations in DML model training. Finally, we also use the second-order attention for feature enhancement to improve accurate and efficient retrieval. In our experiments, we extensively evaluated the proposed DML approach on four public benchmarks, and the experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method achieved state-of-the-art performance on all benchmarks.      
### 19.FRIDA -- Generative Feature Replay for Incremental Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14316.pdf)
>  We tackle the novel problem of incremental unsupervised domain adaptation (IDA) in this paper. We assume that a labeled source domain and different unlabeled target domains are incrementally observed with the constraint that data corresponding to the current domain is only available at a time. The goal is to preserve the accuracies for all the past domains while generalizing well for the current domain. The IDA setup suffers due to the abrupt differences among the domains and the unavailability of past data including the source domain. Inspired by the notion of generative feature replay, we propose a novel framework called Feature Replay based Incremental Domain Adaptation (FRIDA) which leverages a new incremental generative adversarial network (GAN) called domain-generic auxiliary classification GAN (DGAC-GAN) for producing domain-specific feature representations seamlessly. For domain alignment, we propose a simple extension of the popular domain adversarial neural network (DANN) called DANN-IB which encourages discriminative domain-invariant and task-relevant feature learning. Experimental results on Office-Home, Office-CalTech, and DomainNet datasets confirm that FRIDA maintains superior stability-plasticity trade-off than the literature.      
### 20.Multimodal perception for dexterous manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14298.pdf)
>  Humans usually perceive the world in a multimodal way that vision, touch, sound are utilised to understand surroundings from various dimensions. These senses are combined together to achieve a synergistic effect where the learning is more effectively than using each sense separately. For robotics, vision and touch are two key senses for the dexterous manipulation. Vision usually gives us apparent features like shape, color, and the touch provides local information such as friction, texture, etc. Due to the complementary properties between visual and tactile senses, it is desirable for us to combine vision and touch for a synergistic perception and manipulation. Many researches have been investigated about multimodal perception such as cross-modal learning, 3D reconstruction, multimodal translation with vision and touch. Specifically, we propose a cross-modal sensory data generation framework for the translation between vision and touch, which is able to generate realistic pseudo data. By using this cross-modal translation method, it is desirable for us to make up inaccessible data, helping us to learn the object's properties from different views. Recently, the attention mechanism becomes a popular method either in visual perception or in tactile perception. We propose a spatio-temporal attention model for tactile texture recognition, which takes both spatial features and time dimension into consideration. Our proposed method not only pays attention to the salient features in each spatial feature, but also models the temporal correlation in the through the time. The obvious improvement proves the efficiency of our selective attention mechanism. The spatio-temporal attention method has potential in many applications such as grasping, recognition, and multimodal perception.      
### 21.TAGPerson: A Target-Aware Generation Pipeline for Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14239.pdf)
>  Nowadays, real data in person re-identification (ReID) task is facing privacy issues, e.g., the banned dataset DukeMTMC-ReID. Thus it becomes much harder to collect real data for ReID task. Meanwhile, the labor cost of labeling ReID data is still very high and further hinders the development of the ReID research. Therefore, many methods turn to generate synthetic images for ReID algorithms as alternatives instead of real images. However, there is an inevitable domain gap between synthetic and real images. In previous methods, the generation process is based on virtual scenes, and their synthetic training data can not be changed according to different target real scenes automatically. To handle this problem, we propose a novel Target-Aware Generation pipeline to produce synthetic person images, called TAGPerson. Specifically, it involves a parameterized rendering method, where the parameters are controllable and can be adjusted according to target scenes. In TAGPerson, we extract information from target scenes and use them to control our parameterized rendering process to generate target-aware synthetic images, which would hold a smaller gap to the real images in the target domain. In our experiments, our target-aware synthetic images can achieve a much higher performance than the generalized synthetic images on MSMT17, i.e. 47.5% vs. 40.9% for rank-1 accuracy. We will release this toolkit\footnote{\noindent Code is available at \href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tagperson/tagperson-blender" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tagperson/tagperson-blender" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}} for the ReID community to generate synthetic images at any desired taste.      
### 22.AdaFocus V2: End-to-End Training of Spatial Dynamic Networks for Video Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14238.pdf)
>  Recent works have shown that the computational efficiency of video recognition can be significantly improved by reducing the spatial redundancy. As a representative work, the adaptive focus method (AdaFocus) has achieved a favorable trade-off between accuracy and inference speed by dynamically identifying and attending to the informative regions in each video frame. However, AdaFocus requires a complicated three-stage training pipeline (involving reinforcement learning), leading to slow convergence and is unfriendly to practitioners. This work reformulates the training of AdaFocus as a simple one-stage algorithm by introducing a differentiable interpolation-based patch selection operation, enabling efficient end-to-end optimization. We further present an improved training scheme to address the issues introduced by the one-stage formulation, including the lack of supervision, input diversity and training stability. Moreover, a conditional-exit technique is proposed to perform temporal adaptive computation on top of AdaFocus without additional training. Extensive experiments on six benchmark datasets (i.e., ActivityNet, FCVID, Mini-Kinetics, Something-Something V1&amp;V2, and Jester) demonstrate that our model significantly outperforms the original AdaFocus and other competitive baselines, while being considerably more simple and efficient to train. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/LeapLabTHU/AdaFocusV2" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.Skin feature point tracking using deep feature encodings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14159.pdf)
>  Facial feature tracking is a key component of imaging ballistocardiography (BCG) where accurate quantification of the displacement of facial keypoints is needed for good heart rate estimation. Skin feature tracking enables video-based quantification of motor degradation in Parkinson's disease. Traditional computer vision algorithms include Scale Invariant Feature Transform (SIFT), Speeded-Up Robust Features (SURF), and Lucas-Kanade method (LK). These have long represented the state-of-the-art in efficiency and accuracy but fail when common deformations, like affine local transformations or illumination changes, are present. <br>Over the past five years, deep convolutional neural networks have outperformed traditional methods for most computer vision tasks. We propose a pipeline for feature tracking, that applies a convolutional stacked autoencoder to identify the most similar crop in an image to a reference crop containing the feature of interest. The autoencoder learns to represent image crops into deep feature encodings specific to the object category it is trained on. <br>We train the autoencoder on facial images and validate its ability to track skin features in general using manually labeled face and hand videos. The tracking errors of distinctive skin features (moles) are so small that we cannot exclude that they stem from the manual labelling based on a $\chi^2$-test. With a mean error of 0.6-4.2 pixels, our method outperformed the other methods in all but one scenario. More importantly, our method was the only one to not diverge. <br>We conclude that our method creates better feature descriptors for feature tracking, feature matching, and image registration than the traditional algorithms.      
### 24.Extended Self-Critical Pipeline for Transforming Videos to Text (TRECVID-VTT Task 2021) -- Team: MMCUniAugsburg  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14100.pdf)
>  The Multimedia and Computer Vision Lab of the University of Augsburg participated in the VTT task only. We use the VATEX and TRECVID-VTT datasets for training our VTT models. We base our model on the Transformer approach for both of our submitted runs. For our second model, we adapt the X-Linear Attention Networks for Image Captioning which does not yield the desired bump in scores. For both models, we train on the complete VATEX dataset and 90% of the TRECVID-VTT dataset for pretraining while using the remaining 10% for validation. We finetune both models with self-critical sequence training, which boosts the validation performance significantly. Overall, we find that training a Video-to-Text system on traditional Image Captioning pipelines delivers very poor performance. When switching to a Transformer-based architecture our results greatly improve and the generated captions match better with the corresponding video.      
### 25.Synchronized Audio-Visual Frames with Fractional Positional Encoding for Transformers in Video-to-Text Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14088.pdf)
>  Video-to-Text (VTT) is the task of automatically generating descriptions for short audio-visual video clips, which can support visually impaired people to understand scenes of a YouTube video for instance. Transformer architectures have shown great performance in both machine translation and image captioning, lacking a straightforward and reproducible application for VTT. However, there is no comprehensive study on different strategies and advice for video description generation including exploiting the accompanying audio with fully self-attentive networks. Thus, we explore promising approaches from image captioning and video processing and apply them to VTT by developing a straightforward Transformer architecture. Additionally, we present a novel way of synchronizing audio and video features in Transformers which we call Fractional Positional Encoding (FPE). We run multiple experiments on the VATEX dataset to determine a configuration applicable to unseen datasets that helps describe short video clips in natural language and improved the CIDEr and BLEU-4 scores by 37.13 and 12.83 points compared to a vanilla Transformer network and achieve state-of-the-art results on the MSR-VTT and MSVD datasets. Also, FPE helps increase the CIDEr score by a relative factor of 8.6%.      
### 26.APRIL: Finding the Achilles' Heel on Privacy for Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14087.pdf)
>  Federated learning frameworks typically require collaborators to share their local gradient updates of a common model instead of sharing training data to preserve privacy. However, prior works on Gradient Leakage Attacks showed that private training data can be revealed from gradients. So far almost all relevant works base their attacks on fully-connected or convolutional neural networks. Given the recent overwhelmingly rising trend of adapting Transformers to solve multifarious vision tasks, it is highly valuable to investigate the privacy risk of vision transformers. In this paper, we analyse the gradient leakage risk of self-attention based mechanism in both theoretical and practical manners. Particularly, we propose APRIL - Attention PRIvacy Leakage, which poses a strong threat to self-attention inspired models such as ViT. Showing how vision Transformers are at the risk of privacy leakage via gradients, we urge the significance of designing privacy-safer Transformer models and defending schemes.      
### 27.Embodied Learning for Lifelong Visual Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14084.pdf)
>  We study lifelong visual perception in an embodied setup, where we develop new models and compare various agents that navigate in buildings and occasionally request annotations which, in turn, are used to refine their visual perception capabilities. The purpose of the agents is to recognize objects and other semantic classes in the whole building at the end of a process that combines exploration and active visual learning. As we study this task in a lifelong learning context, the agents should use knowledge gained in earlier visited environments in order to guide their exploration and active learning strategy in successively visited buildings. We use the semantic segmentation performance as a proxy for general visual perception and study this novel task for several exploration and annotation methods, ranging from frontier exploration baselines which use heuristic active learning, to a fully learnable approach. For the latter, we introduce a deep reinforcement learning (RL) based agent which jointly learns both navigation and active learning. A point goal navigation formulation, coupled with a global planner which supplies goals, is integrated into the RL model in order to provide further incentives for systematic exploration of novel scenes. By performing extensive experiments on the Matterport3D dataset, we show how the proposed agents can utilize knowledge from previously explored scenes when exploring new ones, e.g. through less granular exploration and less frequent requests for annotations. The results also suggest that a learning-based agent is able to use its prior visual knowledge more effectively than heuristic alternatives.      
### 28.DetarNet: Decoupling Translation and Rotation by Siamese Network for Point Cloud Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14059.pdf)
>  Point cloud registration is a fundamental step for many tasks. In this paper, we propose a neural network named DetarNet to decouple the translation $t$ and rotation $R$, so as to overcome the performance degradation due to their mutual interference in point cloud registration. First, a Siamese Network based Progressive and Coherent Feature Drift (PCFD) module is proposed to align the source and target points in high-dimensional feature space, and accurately recover translation from the alignment process. Then we propose a Consensus Encoding Unit (CEU) to construct more distinguishable features for a set of putative correspondences. After that, a Spatial and Channel Attention (SCA) block is adopted to build a classification network for finding good correspondences. Finally, the rotation is obtained by Singular Value Decomposition (SVD). In this way, the proposed network decouples the estimation of translation and rotation, resulting in better performance for both of them. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed DetarNet improves registration performance on both indoor and outdoor scenes. Our code will be available in \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZhiChen902/DetarNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 29.Delving into Probabilistic Uncertainty for Unsupervised Domain Adaptive Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14025.pdf)
>  Clustering-based unsupervised domain adaptive (UDA) person re-identification (ReID) reduces exhaustive annotations. However, owing to unsatisfactory feature embedding and imperfect clustering, pseudo labels for target domain data inherently contain an unknown proportion of wrong ones, which would mislead feature learning. In this paper, we propose an approach named probabilistic uncertainty guided progressive label refinery (P$^2$LR) for domain adaptive person re-identification. First, we propose to model the labeling uncertainty with the probabilistic distance along with ideal single-peak distributions. A quantitative criterion is established to measure the uncertainty of pseudo labels and facilitate the network training. Second, we explore a progressive strategy for refining pseudo labels. With the uncertainty-guided alternative optimization, we balance between the exploration of target domain data and the negative effects of noisy labeling. On top of a strong baseline, we obtain significant improvements and achieve the state-of-the-art performance on four UDA ReID benchmarks. Specifically, our method outperforms the baseline by 6.5% mAP on the Duke2Market task, while surpassing the state-of-the-art method by 2.5% mAP on the Market2MSMT task.      
### 30.The Devil is in the Task: Exploiting Reciprocal Appearance-Localization Features for Monocular 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14023.pdf)
>  Low-cost monocular 3D object detection plays a fundamental role in autonomous driving, whereas its accuracy is still far from satisfactory. In this paper, we dig into the 3D object detection task and reformulate it as the sub-tasks of object localization and appearance perception, which benefits to a deep excavation of reciprocal information underlying the entire task. We introduce a Dynamic Feature Reflecting Network, named DFR-Net, which contains two novel standalone modules: (i) the Appearance-Localization Feature Reflecting module (ALFR) that first separates taskspecific features and then self-mutually reflects the reciprocal features; (ii) the Dynamic Intra-Trading module (DIT) that adaptively realigns the training processes of various sub-tasks via a self-learning manner. Extensive experiments on the challenging KITTI dataset demonstrate the effectiveness and generalization of DFR-Net. We rank 1st among all the monocular 3D object detectors in the KITTI test set (till March 16th, 2021). The proposed method is also easy to be plug-and-play in many cutting-edge 3D detection frameworks at negligible cost to boost performance. The code will be made publicly available.      
### 31.Semi-supervised Salient Object Detection with Effective Confidence Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14019.pdf)
>  The success of existing salient object detection models relies on a large pixel-wise labeled training dataset. How-ever, collecting such a dataset is not only time-consuming but also very expensive. To reduce the labeling burden, we study semi-supervised salient object detection, and formulate it as an unlabeled dataset pixel-level confidence estimation problem by identifying pixels with less confident predictions. Specifically, we introduce a new latent variable model with an energy-based prior for effective latent space exploration, leading to more reliable confidence maps. With the proposed strategy, the unlabelled images can effectively participate in model training. Experimental results show that the proposed solution, using only 1/16 of the annotations from the original training dataset, achieves competitive performance compared with state-of-the-art fully supervised models.      
### 32.Recursive Least-Squares Estimator-Aided Online Learning for Visual Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14016.pdf)
>  Tracking visual objects from a single initial exemplar in the testing phase has been broadly cast as a one-/few-shot problem, i.e., one-shot learning for initial adaptation and few-shot learning for online adaptation. The recent few-shot online adaptation methods incorporate the prior knowledge from large amounts of annotated training data via complex meta-learning optimization in the offline phase. This helps the online deep trackers to achieve fast adaptation and reduce overfitting risk in tracking. In this paper, we propose a simple yet effective recursive least-squares estimator-aided online learning approach for few-shot online adaptation without requiring offline training. It allows an in-built memory retention mechanism for the model to remember the knowledge about the object seen before, and thus the seen data can be safely removed from training. This also bears certain similarities to the emerging continual learning field in preventing catastrophic forgetting. This mechanism enables us to unveil the power of modern online deep trackers without incurring too much extra computational cost. We evaluate our approach based on two networks in the online learning families for tracking, i.e., multi-layer perceptrons in RT-MDNet and convolutional neural networks in DiMP. The consistent improvements on several challenging tracking benchmarks demonstrate its effectiveness and efficiency.      
### 33.GuidedMix-Net: Semi-supervised Semantic Segmentation by Using Labeled Images as Reference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14015.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning is a challenging problem which aims to construct a model by learning from limited labeled examples. Numerous methods for this task focus on utilizing the predictions of unlabeled instances consistency alone to regularize networks. However, treating labeled and unlabeled data separately often leads to the discarding of mass prior knowledge learned from the labeled examples. %, and failure to mine the feature interaction between the labeled and unlabeled image pairs. In this paper, we propose a novel method for semi-supervised semantic segmentation named GuidedMix-Net, by leveraging labeled information to guide the learning of unlabeled instances. Specifically, GuidedMix-Net employs three operations: 1) interpolation of similar labeled-unlabeled image pairs; 2) transfer of mutual information; 3) generalization of pseudo masks. It enables segmentation models can learning the higher-quality pseudo masks of unlabeled data by transfer the knowledge from labeled samples to unlabeled data. Along with supervised learning for labeled data, the prediction of unlabeled data is jointly learned with the generated pseudo masks from the mixed data. Extensive experiments on PASCAL VOC 2012, and Cityscapes demonstrate the effectiveness of our GuidedMix-Net, which achieves competitive segmentation accuracy and significantly improves the mIoU by +7$\%$ compared to previous approaches.      
### 34.Pale Transformer: A General Vision Transformer Backbone with Pale-Shaped Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14000.pdf)
>  Recently, Transformers have shown promising performance in various vision tasks. To reduce the quadratic computation complexity caused by the global self-attention, various methods constrain the range of attention within a local region to improve its efficiency. Consequently, their receptive fields in a single attention layer are not large enough, resulting in insufficient context modeling. To address this issue, we propose a Pale-Shaped self-Attention (PS-Attention), which performs self-attention within a pale-shaped region. Compared to the global self-attention, PS-Attention can reduce the computation and memory costs significantly. Meanwhile, it can capture richer contextual information under the similar computation complexity with previous local self-attention mechanisms. Based on the PS-Attention, we develop a general Vision Transformer backbone with a hierarchical architecture, named Pale Transformer, which achieves 83.4%, 84.3%, and 84.9% Top-1 accuracy with the model size of 22M, 48M, and 85M respectively for 224 ImageNet-1K classification, outperforming the previous Vision Transformer backbones. For downstream tasks, our Pale Transformer backbone performs better than the recent state-of-the-art CSWin Transformer by a large margin on ADE20K semantic segmentation and COCO object detection &amp; instance segmentation. The code will be released on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BR-IDL/PaddleViT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 35.Associative Adversarial Learning Based on Selective Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13989.pdf)
>  A human's attention can intuitively adapt to corrupted areas of an image by recalling a similar uncorrupted image they have previously seen. This observation motivates us to improve the attention of adversarial images by considering their clean counterparts. To accomplish this, we introduce Associative Adversarial Learning (AAL) into adversarial learning to guide a selective attack. We formulate the intrinsic relationship between attention and attack (perturbation) as a coupling optimization problem to improve their interaction. This leads to an attention backtracking algorithm that can effectively enhance the attention's adversarial robustness. Our method is generic and can be used to address a variety of tasks by simply choosing different kernels for the associative attention that select other regions for a specific attack. Experimental results show that the selective attack improves the model's performance. We show that our method improves the recognition accuracy of adversarial training on ImageNet by 8.32% compared with the baseline. It also increases object detection mAP on PascalVOC by 2.02% and recognition accuracy of few-shot learning on miniImageNet by 1.63%.      
### 36.Deep-CNN based Robotic Multi-Class Under-Canopy Weed Control in Precision Farming  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13986.pdf)
>  Smart weeding systems to perform plant-specific operations can contribute to the sustainability of agriculture and the environment. Despite monumental advances in autonomous robotic technologies for precision weed management in recent years, work on under-canopy weeding in fields is yet to be realized. A prerequisite of such systems is reliable detection and classification of weeds to avoid mistakenly spraying and, thus, damaging the surrounding plants. Real-time multi-class weed identification enables species-specific treatment of weeds and significantly reduces the amount of herbicide use. Here, our first contribution is the first adequately large realistic image dataset \textit{AIWeeds} (one/multiple kinds of weeds in one image), a library of about 10,000 annotated images of flax, and the 14 most common weeds in fields and gardens taken from 20 different locations in North Dakota, California, and Central China. Second, we provide a full pipeline from model training with maximum efficiency to deploying the TensorRT-optimized model onto a single board computer. Based on \textit{AIWeeds} and the pipeline, we present a baseline for classification performance using five benchmark CNN models. Among them, MobileNetV2, with both the shortest inference time and lowest memory consumption, is the qualified candidate for real-time applications. Finally, we deploy MobileNetV2 onto our own compact autonomous robot \textit{SAMBot} for real-time weed detection. The 90\% test accuracy realized in previously unseen scenes in flax fields (with a row spacing of 0.2-0.3 m), with crops and weeds, distortion, blur, and shadows, is a milestone towards precision weed control in the real world. We have publicly released the dataset and code to generate the results at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/StructuresComp/Multi-class-Weed-Classification" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 37.LatteGAN: Visually Guided Language Attention for Multi-Turn Text-Conditioned Image Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13985.pdf)
>  Text-guided image manipulation tasks have recently gained attention in the vision-and-language community. While most of the prior studies focused on single-turn manipulation, our goal in this paper is to address the more challenging multi-turn image manipulation (MTIM) task. Previous models for this task successfully generate images iteratively, given a sequence of instructions and a previously generated image. However, this approach suffers from under-generation and a lack of generated quality of the objects that are described in the instructions, which consequently degrades the overall performance. To overcome these problems, we present a novel architecture called a Visually Guided Language Attention GAN (LatteGAN). Here, we address the limitations of the previous approaches by introducing a Visually Guided Language Attention (Latte) module, which extracts fine-grained text representations for the generator, and a Text-Conditioned U-Net discriminator architecture, which discriminates both the global and local representations of fake or real images. Extensive experiments on two distinct MTIM datasets, CoDraw and i-CLEVR, demonstrate the state-of-the-art performance of the proposed model.      
### 38.Siamese Network with Interactive Transformer for Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13983.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised video object segmentation (VOS) refers to segmenting the target object in remaining frames given its annotation in the first frame, which has been actively studied in recent years. The key challenge lies in finding effective ways to exploit the spatio-temporal context of past frames to help learn discriminative target representation of current frame. In this paper, we propose a novel Siamese network with a specifically designed interactive transformer, called SITVOS, to enable effective context propagation from historical to current frames. Technically, we use the transformer encoder and decoder to handle the past frames and current frame separately, i.e., the encoder encodes robust spatio-temporal context of target object from the past frames, while the decoder takes the feature embedding of current frame as the query to retrieve the target from the encoder output. To further enhance the target representation, a feature interaction module (FIM) is devised to promote the information flow between the encoder and decoder. Moreover, we employ the Siamese architecture to extract backbone features of both past and current frames, which enables feature reuse and is more efficient than existing methods. Experimental results on three challenging benchmarks validate the superiority of SITVOS over state-of-the-art methods.      
### 39.Quaternion-based dynamic mode decomposition for background modeling in color videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13982.pdf)
>  Scene Background Initialization (SBI) is one of the challenging problems in computer vision. Dynamic mode decomposition (DMD) is a recently proposed method to robustly decompose a video sequence into the background model and the corresponding foreground part. However, this method needs to convert the color image into the grayscale image for processing, which leads to the neglect of the coupling information between the three channels of the color image. In this study, we propose a quaternion-based DMD (Q-DMD), which extends the DMD by quaternion matrix analysis, so as to completely preserve the inherent color structure of the color image and the color video. We exploit the standard eigenvalues of the quaternion matrix to compute its spectral decomposition and calculate the corresponding Q-DMD modes and eigenvalues. The results on the publicly available benchmark datasets prove that our Q-DMD outperforms the exact DMD method, and experiment results also demonstrate that the performance of our approach is comparable to that of the state-of-the-art ones.      
### 40.Exploiting Fine-grained Face Forgery Clues via Progressive Enhancement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13977.pdf)
>  With the rapid development of facial forgery techniques, forgery detection has attracted more and more attention due to security concerns. Existing approaches attempt to use frequency information to mine subtle artifacts under high-quality forged faces. However, the exploitation of frequency information is coarse-grained, and more importantly, their vanilla learning process struggles to extract fine-grained forgery traces. To address this issue, we propose a progressive enhancement learning framework to exploit both the RGB and fine-grained frequency clues. Specifically, we perform a fine-grained decomposition of RGB images to completely decouple the real and fake traces in the frequency space. Subsequently, we propose a progressive enhancement learning framework based on a two-branch network, combined with self-enhancement and mutual-enhancement modules. The self-enhancement module captures the traces in different input spaces based on spatial noise enhancement and channel attention. The Mutual-enhancement module concurrently enhances RGB and frequency features by communicating in the shared spatial dimension. The progressive enhancement process facilitates the learning of discriminative features with fine-grained face forgery clues. Extensive experiments on several datasets show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art face forgery detection methods.      
### 41.Source Feature Compression for Object Classification in Vision-Based Underwater Robotics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13953.pdf)
>  New efficient source feature compression solutions are proposed based on a two-stage Walsh-Hadamard Transform (WHT) for Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)-based object classification in underwater robotics. The object images are firstly transformed by WHT following a two-stage process. The transform-domain tensors have large values concentrated in the upper left corner of the matrices in the RGB channels. By observing this property, the transform-domain matrix is partitioned into inner and outer regions. Consequently, two novel partitioning methods are proposed in this work: (i) fixing the size of inner and outer regions; and (ii) adjusting the size of inner and outer regions adaptively per image. The proposals are evaluated with an underwater object dataset captured from the Raritan River in New Jersey, USA. It is demonstrated and verified that the proposals reduce the training time effectively for learning-based underwater object classification task and increase the accuracy compared with the competing methods. The object classification is an essential part of a vision-based underwater robot that can sense the environment and navigate autonomously. Therefore, the proposed method is well-suited for efficient computer vision-based tasks in underwater robotics applications.      
### 42.SurFit: Learning to Fit Surfaces Improves Few Shot Learning on Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13942.pdf)
>  We present SurFit, a simple approach for label efficient learning of 3D shape segmentation networks. SurFit is based on a self-supervised task of decomposing the surface of a 3D shape into geometric primitives. It can be readily applied to existing network architectures for 3D shape segmentation and improves their performance in the few-shot setting, as we demonstrate in the widely used ShapeNet and PartNet benchmarks. SurFit outperforms the prior state-of-the-art in this setting, suggesting that decomposability into primitives is a useful prior for learning representations predictive of semantic parts. We present a number of experiments varying the choice of geometric primitives and downstream tasks to demonstrate the effectiveness of the method.      
### 43.Improving Depth Estimation using Location Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13925.pdf)
>  The ability to accurately estimate depth information is crucial for many autonomous applications to recognize the surrounded environment and predict the depth of important objects. One of the most recently used techniques is monocular depth estimation where the depth map is inferred from a single image. This paper improves the self-supervised deep learning techniques to perform accurate generalized monocular depth estimation. The main idea is to train the deep model to take into account a sequence of the different frames, each frame is geotagged with its location information. This makes the model able to enhance depth estimation given area semantics. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our model to improve depth estimation results. The model is trained in a realistic environment and the results show improvements in the depth map after adding the location data to the model training phase.      
### 44.Does CLIP Benefit Visual Question Answering in the Medical Domain as Much as it Does in the General Domain?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13906.pdf)
>  Contrastive Language--Image Pre-training (CLIP) has shown remarkable success in learning with cross-modal supervision from extensive amounts of image--text pairs collected online. Thus far, the effectiveness of CLIP has been investigated primarily in general-domain multimodal problems. This work evaluates the effectiveness of CLIP for the task of Medical Visual Question Answering (MedVQA). To this end, we present PubMedCLIP, a fine-tuned version of CLIP for the medical domain based on PubMed articles. Our experiments are conducted on two MedVQA benchmark datasets and investigate two MedVQA methods, MEVF (Mixture of Enhanced Visual Features) and QCR (Question answering via Conditional Reasoning). For each of these, we assess the merits of visual representation learning using PubMedCLIP, the original CLIP, and state-of-the-art MAML (Model-Agnostic Meta-Learning) networks pre-trained only on visual data. We open source the code for our MedVQA pipeline and pre-training PubMedCLIP. CLIP and PubMedCLIP achieve improvements in comparison to MAML's visual encoder. PubMedCLIP achieves the best results with gains in the overall accuracy of up to 3%. Individual examples illustrate the strengths of PubMedCLIP in comparison to the previously widely used MAML networks. Visual representation learning with language supervision in PubMedCLIP leads to noticeable improvements for MedVQA. Our experiments reveal distributional differences in the two MedVQA benchmark datasets that have not been imparted in previous work and cause different back-end visual encoders in PubMedCLIP to exhibit different behavior on these datasets. Moreover, we witness fundamental performance differences of VQA in general versus medical domains.      
### 45.GPU-accelerated Faster Mean Shift with euclidean distance metrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13891.pdf)
>  Handling clustering problems are important in data statistics, pattern recognition and image processing. The mean-shift algorithm, a common unsupervised algorithms, is widely used to solve clustering problems. However, the mean-shift algorithm is restricted by its huge computational resource cost. In previous research[10], we proposed a novel GPU-accelerated Faster Mean-shift algorithm, which greatly speed up the cosine-embedding clustering problem. In this study, we extend and improve the previous algorithm to handle Euclidean distance metrics. Different from conventional GPU-based mean-shift algorithms, our algorithm adopts novel Seed Selection &amp; Early Stopping approaches, which greatly increase computing speed and reduce GPU memory consumption. In the simulation testing, when processing a 200K points clustering problem, our algorithm achieved around 3 times speedup compared to the state-of-the-art GPU-based mean-shift algorithms with optimized GPU memory consumption. Moreover, in this study, we implemented a plug-and-play model for faster mean-shift algorithm, which can be easily deployed. (Plug-and-play model is available: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/masqm/Faster-Mean-Shift-Euc" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>)      
### 46.SPViT: Enabling Faster Vision Transformers via Soft Token Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13890.pdf)
>  Recently, Vision Transformer (ViT) has continuously established new milestones in the computer vision field, while the high computation and memory cost makes its propagation in industrial production difficult. Pruning, a traditional model compression paradigm for hardware efficiency, has been widely applied in various DNN structures. Nevertheless, it stays ambiguous on how to perform exclusive pruning on the ViT structure. Considering three key points: the structural characteristics, the internal data pattern of ViTs, and the related edge device deployment, we leverage the input token sparsity and propose a computation-aware soft pruning framework, which can be set up on vanilla Transformers of both flatten and CNN-type structures, such as Pooling-based ViT (PiT). More concretely, we design a dynamic attention-based multi-head token selector, which is a lightweight module for adaptive instance-wise token selection. We further introduce a soft pruning technique, which integrates the less informative tokens generated by the selector module into a package token that will participate in subsequent calculations rather than being completely discarded. Our framework is bound to the trade-off between accuracy and computation constraints of specific edge devices through our proposed computation-aware training strategy. Experimental results show that our framework significantly reduces the computation cost of ViTs while maintaining comparable performance on image classification. Moreover, our framework can guarantee the identified model to meet resource specifications of mobile devices and FPGA, and even achieve the real-time execution of DeiT-T on mobile platforms. For example, our method reduces the latency of DeiT-T to 26 ms (26%$\sim $41% superior to existing works) on the mobile device with 0.25%$\sim $4% higher top-1 accuracy on ImageNet. Our code will be released soon.      
### 47.Human View Synthesis using a Single Sparse RGB-D Input  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13889.pdf)
>  Novel view synthesis for humans in motion is a challenging computer vision problem that enables applications such as free-viewpoint video. Existing methods typically use complex setups with multiple input views, 3D supervision, or pre-trained models that do not generalize well to new identities. Aiming to address these limitations, we present a novel view synthesis framework to generate realistic renders from unseen views of any human captured from a single-view sensor with sparse RGB-D, similar to a low-cost depth camera, and without actor-specific models. We propose an architecture to learn dense features in novel views obtained by sphere-based neural rendering, and create complete renders using a global context inpainting model. Additionally, an enhancer network leverages the overall fidelity, even in occluded areas from the original view, producing crisp renders with fine details. We show our method generates high-quality novel views of synthetic and real human actors given a single sparse RGB-D input. It generalizes to unseen identities, new poses and faithfully reconstructs facial expressions. Our approach outperforms prior human view synthesis methods and is robust to different levels of input sparsity.      
### 48.A Fistful of Words: Learning Transferable Visual Models from Bag-of-Words Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13884.pdf)
>  Using natural language as a supervision for training visual recognition models holds great promise. Recent works have shown that if such supervision is used in the form of alignment between images and captions in large training datasets, then the resulting aligned models perform well on zero-shot classification as downstream tasks2. In this paper, we focus on teasing out what parts of the language supervision are essential for training zero-shot image classification models. Through extensive and careful experiments, we show that: 1) A simple Bag-of-Words (BoW) caption could be used as a replacement for most of the image captions in the dataset. Surprisingly, we observe that this approach improves the zero-shot classification performance when combined with word balancing. 2) Using a BoW pretrained model, we can obtain more training data by generating pseudo-BoW captions on images that do not have a caption. Models trained on images with real and pseudo-BoW captions achieve stronger zero-shot performance. On ImageNet-1k zero-shot evaluation, our best model, that uses only 3M image-caption pairs, performs on-par with a CLIP model trained on 15M image-caption pairs (31.5% vs 31.3%).      
### 49.Algorithm for recognizing the contour of a honeycomb block  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13846.pdf)
>  The article discusses an algorithm for recognizing the contour of fragments of a honeycomb block. The inapplicability of ready-made functions of the OpenCV library is shown. Two proposed algorithms are considered. The direct scanning algorithm finds the extreme white pixels in the binarized image, it works adequately on convex shapes of products, but does not find a contour on concave areas and in cavities of products. To solve this problem, a scanning algorithm using a sliding matrix is proposed, which works correctly on products of any shape.      
### 50.Raw Produce Quality Detection with Shifted Window Self-Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13845.pdf)
>  Global food insecurity is expected to worsen in the coming decades with the accelerated rate of climate change and the rapidly increasing population. In this vein, it is important to remove inefficiencies at every level of food production. The recent advances in deep learning can help reduce such inefficiencies, yet their application has not yet become mainstream throughout the industry, inducing economic costs at a massive scale. To this point, modern techniques such as CNNs (Convolutional Neural Networks) have been applied to RPQD (Raw Produce Quality Detection) tasks. On the other hand, Transformer's successful debut in the vision among other modalities led us to expect a better performance with these Transformer-based models in RPQD. In this work, we exclusively investigate the recent state-of-the-art Swin (Shifted Windows) Transformer which computes self-attention in both intra- and inter-window fashion. We compare Swin Transformer against CNN models on four RPQD image datasets, each containing different kinds of raw produce: fruits and vegetables, fish, pork, and beef. We observe that Swin Transformer not only achieves better or competitive performance but also is data- and compute-efficient, making it ideal for actual deployment in real-world setting. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first large-scale empirical study on RPQD task, which we hope will gain more attention in future works.      
### 51.BMPQ: Bit-Gradient Sensitivity Driven Mixed-Precision Quantization of DNNs from Scratch  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13843.pdf)
>  Large DNNs with mixed-precision quantization can achieve ultra-high compression while retaining high classification performance. However, because of the challenges in finding an accurate metric that can guide the optimization process, these methods either sacrifice significant performance compared to the 32-bit floating-point (FP-32) baseline or rely on a compute-expensive, iterative training policy that requires the availability of a pre-trained baseline. To address this issue, this paper presents BMPQ, a training method that uses bit gradients to analyze layer sensitivities and yield mixed-precision quantized models. BMPQ requires a single training iteration but does not need a pre-trained baseline. It uses an integer linear program (ILP) to dynamically adjust the precision of layers during training, subject to a fixed hardware budget. To evaluate the efficacy of BMPQ, we conduct extensive experiments with VGG16 and ResNet18 on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and Tiny-ImageNet datasets. Compared to the baseline FP-32 models, BMPQ can yield models that have 15.4x fewer parameter bits with a negligible drop in accuracy. Compared to the SOTA "during training", mixed-precision training scheme, our models are 2.1x, 2.2x, and 2.9x smaller, on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and Tiny-ImageNet, respectively, with an improved accuracy of up to 14.54%.      
### 52.Disentanglement and Generalization Under Correlation Shifts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14754.pdf)
>  Correlations between factors of variation are prevalent in real-world data. Machine learning algorithms may benefit from exploiting such correlations, as they can increase predictive performance on noisy data. However, often such correlations are not robust (e.g., they may change between domains, datasets, or applications) and we wish to avoid exploiting them. Disentanglement methods aim to learn representations which capture different factors of variation in latent subspaces. A common approach involves minimizing the mutual information between latent subspaces, such that each encodes a single underlying attribute. However, this fails when attributes are correlated. We solve this problem by enforcing independence between subspaces conditioned on the available attributes, which allows us to remove only dependencies that are not due to the correlation structure present in the training data. We achieve this via an adversarial approach to minimize the conditional mutual information (CMI) between subspaces with respect to categorical variables. We first show theoretically that CMI minimization is a good objective for robust disentanglement on linear problems with Gaussian data. We then apply our method on real-world datasets based on MNIST and CelebA, and show that it yields models that are disentangled and robust under correlation shift, including in weakly supervised settings.      
### 53.Implementation of Convolutional Neural Network Architecture on 3D Multiparametric Magnetic Resonance Imaging for Prostate Cancer Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14644.pdf)
>  Prostate cancer is one of the most common causes of cancer deaths in men. There is a growing demand for noninvasively and accurately diagnostic methods that facilitate the current standard prostate cancer risk assessment in clinical practice. Still, developing computer-aided classification tools in prostate cancer diagnostics from multiparametric magnetic resonance images continues to be a challenge. In this work, we propose a novel deep learning approach for automatic classification of prostate lesions in the corresponding magnetic resonance images by constructing a two-stage multimodal multi-stream convolutional neural network (CNN)-based architecture framework. Without implementing sophisticated image preprocessing steps or third-party software, our framework achieved the classification performance with the area under a Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve value of 0.87. The result outperformed most of the submitted methods and shared the highest value reported by the PROSTATEx Challenge organizer. Our proposed CNN-based framework reflects the potential of assisting medical image interpretation in prostate cancer and reducing unnecessary biopsies.      
### 54.HPRN: Holistic Prior-embedded Relation Network for Spectral Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14608.pdf)
>  Spectral super-resolution (SSR) refers to the hyperspectral image (HSI) recovery from an RGB counterpart. Due to the one-to-many nature of the SSR problem, a single RGB image can be reprojected to many HSIs. The key to tackle this illposed problem is to plug into multi-source prior information such as the natural RGB spatial context-prior, deep feature-prior or inherent HSI statistical-prior, etc., so as to improve the confidence and fidelity of reconstructed spectra. However, most current approaches only consider the general and limited priors in their designing the customized convolutional neural networks (CNNs), which leads to the inability to effectively alleviate the degree of ill-posedness. To address the problematic issues, we propose a novel holistic prior-embedded relation network (HPRN) for SSR. Basically, the core framework is delicately assembled by several multi-residual relation blocks (MRBs) that fully facilitate the transmission and utilization of the low-frequency content prior of RGB signals. Innovatively, the semantic prior of RGB input is introduced to identify category attributes and a semantic-driven spatial relation module (SSRM) is put forward to perform the feature aggregation among the clustered similar characteristics using a semantic-embedded relation matrix. Additionally, we develop a transformer-based channel relation module (TCRM), which breaks the habit of employing scalars as the descriptors of channel-wise relations in the previous deep feature-prior and replaces them with certain vectors, together with Transformerstyle feature interactions, supporting the representations to be more discriminative. In order to maintain the mathematical correlation and spectral consistency between hyperspectral bands, the second-order prior constraints (SOPC) are incorporated into the loss function to guide the HSI reconstruction process.      
### 55.Onsite Non-Line-of-Sight Imaging via Online Calibrations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14555.pdf)
>  There has been an increasing interest in deploying non-line-of-sight (NLOS) imaging systems for recovering objects behind an obstacle. Existing solutions generally pre-calibrate the system before scanning the hidden objects. Onsite adjustments of the occluder, object and scanning pattern require re-calibration. We present an online calibration technique that directly decouples the acquired transients at onsite scanning into the LOS and hidden components. We use the former to directly (re)calibrate the system upon changes of scene/obstacle configurations, scanning regions, and scanning patterns whereas the latter for hidden object recovery via spatial, frequency or learning based techniques. Our technique avoids using auxiliary calibration apparatus such as mirrors or checkerboards and supports both laboratory validations and real-world deployments.      
### 56.A Color Image Steganography Based on Frequency Sub-band Selection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14437.pdf)
>  Color image steganography based on deep learning is the art of hiding information in the color image. Among them, image hiding steganography(hiding image with image) has attracted much attention in recent years because of its great steganographic capacity. However, images generated by image hiding steganography may show some obvious color distortion or artificial texture traces. We propose a color image steganographic model based on frequency sub-band selection to solve the above problems. Firstly, we discuss the relationship between the characteristics of different color spaces/frequency sub-bands and the generated image quality. Then, we select the B channel of the RGB image as the embedding channel and the high-frequency sub-band as the embedding domain. DWT(discrete wavelet transformation) transforms B channel information and secret gray image into frequency domain information, and then the secret image is embedded and extracted in the frequency domain. Comprehensive experiments demonstrate that images generated by our model have better image quality, and the imperceptibility is significantly increased.      
### 57.Super-Efficient Super Resolution for Fast Adversarial Defense at the Edge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14340.pdf)
>  Autonomous systems are highly vulnerable to a variety of adversarial attacks on Deep Neural Networks (DNNs). Training-free model-agnostic defenses have recently gained popularity due to their speed, ease of deployment, and ability to work across many DNNs. To this end, a new technique has emerged for mitigating attacks on image classification DNNs, namely, preprocessing adversarial images using super resolution -- upscaling low-quality inputs into high-resolution images. This defense requires running both image classifiers and super resolution models on constrained autonomous systems. However, super resolution incurs a heavy computational cost. Therefore, in this paper, we investigate the following question: Does the robustness of image classifiers suffer if we use tiny super resolution models? To answer this, we first review a recent work called Super-Efficient Super Resolution (SESR) that achieves similar or better image quality than prior art while requiring 2x to 330x fewer Multiply-Accumulate (MAC) operations. We demonstrate that despite being orders of magnitude smaller than existing models, SESR achieves the same level of robustness as significantly larger networks. Finally, we estimate end-to-end performance of super resolution-based defenses on a commercial Arm Ethos-U55 micro-NPU. Our findings show that SESR achieves nearly 3x higher FPS than a baseline while achieving similar robustness.      
### 58.Closer Look at the Transferability of Adversarial Examples: How They Fool Different Models Differently  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14337.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial examples (AEs), which have adversarial transferability: AEs generated for the source model can mislead another (target) model's predictions. However, the transferability has not been understood from the perspective of to which class target model's predictions were misled (i.e., class-aware transferability). In this paper, we differentiate the cases in which a target model predicts the same wrong class as the source model ("same mistake") or a different wrong class ("different mistake") to analyze and provide an explanation of the mechanism. First, our analysis shows (1) that same mistakes correlate with "non-targeted transferability" and (2) that different mistakes occur between similar models regardless of the perturbation size. Second, we present evidence that the difference in same and different mistakes can be explained by non-robust features, predictive but human-uninterpretable patterns: different mistakes occur when non-robust features in AEs are used differently by models. Non-robust features can thus provide consistent explanations for the class-aware transferability of AEs.      
### 59.Brain Tumor Classification by Cascaded Multiscale Multitask Learning Framework Based on Feature Aggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14320.pdf)
>  Brain tumor analysis in MRI images is a significant and challenging issue because misdiagnosis can lead to death. Diagnosis and evaluation of brain tumors in the early stages increase the probability of successful treatment. However, the complexity and variety of tumors, shapes, and locations make their segmentation and classification complex. In this regard, numerous researchers have proposed brain tumor segmentation and classification methods. This paper presents an approach that simultaneously segments and classifies brain tumors in MRI images using a framework that contains MRI image enhancement and tumor region detection. Eventually, a network based on a multitask learning approach is proposed. Subjective and objective results indicate that the segmentation and classification results based on evaluation metrics are better or comparable to the state-of-the-art.      
### 60.DeepAdversaries: Examining the Robustness of Deep Learning Models for Galaxy Morphology Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14299.pdf)
>  Data processing and analysis pipelines in cosmological survey experiments introduce data perturbations that can significantly degrade the performance of deep learning-based models. Given the increased adoption of supervised deep learning methods for processing and analysis of cosmological survey data, the assessment of data perturbation effects and the development of methods that increase model robustness are increasingly important. In the context of morphological classification of galaxies, we study the effects of perturbations in imaging data. In particular, we examine the consequences of using neural networks when training on baseline data and testing on perturbed data. We consider perturbations associated with two primary sources: 1) increased observational noise as represented by higher levels of Poisson noise and 2) data processing noise incurred by steps such as image compression or telescope errors as represented by one-pixel adversarial attacks. We also test the efficacy of domain adaptation techniques in mitigating the perturbation-driven errors. We use classification accuracy, latent space visualizations, and latent space distance to assess model robustness. Without domain adaptation, we find that processing pixel-level errors easily flip the classification into an incorrect class and that higher observational noise makes the model trained on low-noise data unable to classify galaxy morphologies. On the other hand, we show that training with domain adaptation improves model robustness and mitigates the effects of these perturbations, improving the classification accuracy by 23% on data with higher observational noise. Domain adaptation also increases by a factor of ~2.3 the latent space distance between the baseline and the incorrectly classified one-pixel perturbed image, making the model more robust to inadvertent perturbations.      
### 61.Constrained Gradient Descent: A Powerful and Principled Evasion Attack Against Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14232.pdf)
>  Minimal adversarial perturbations added to inputs have been shown to be effective at fooling deep neural networks. In this paper, we introduce several innovations that make white-box targeted attacks follow the intuition of the attacker's goal: to trick the model to assign a higher probability to the target class than to any other, while staying within a specified distance from the original input. First, we propose a new loss function that explicitly captures the goal of targeted attacks, in particular, by using the logits of all classes instead of just a subset, as is common. We show that Auto-PGD with this loss function finds more adversarial examples than it does with other commonly used loss functions. Second, we propose a new attack method that uses a further developed version of our loss function capturing both the misclassification objective and the $L_{\infty}$ distance limit $\epsilon$. This new attack method is relatively 1.5--4.2% more successful on the CIFAR10 dataset and relatively 8.2--14.9% more successful on the ImageNet dataset, than the next best state-of-the-art attack. We confirm using statistical tests that our attack outperforms state-of-the-art attacks on different datasets and values of $\epsilon$ and against different defenses.      
### 62.Investigating Shifts in GAN Output-Distributions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14061.pdf)
>  A fundamental and still largely unsolved question in the context of Generative Adversarial Networks is whether they are truly able to capture the real data distribution and, consequently, to sample from it. In particular, the multidimensional nature of image distributions leads to a complex evaluation of the diversity of GAN distributions. Existing approaches provide only a partial understanding of this issue, leaving the question unanswered. In this work, we introduce a loop-training scheme for the systematic investigation of observable shifts between the distributions of real training data and GAN generated data. Additionally, we introduce several bounded measures for distribution shifts, which are both easy to compute and to interpret. Overall, the combination of these methods allows an explorative investigation of innate limitations of current GAN algorithms. Our experiments on different data-sets and multiple state-of-the-art GAN architectures show large shifts between input and output distributions, showing that existing theoretical guarantees towards the convergence of output distributions appear not to be holding in practice.      
### 63.SECP-Net: SE-Connection Pyramid Network of Organ At Risk Segmentation for Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14026.pdf)
>  Nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) is a kind of malignant tumor. Accurate and automatic segmentation of organs at risk (OAR) of computed tomography (CT) images is clinically significant. In recent years, deep learning models represented by U-Net have been widely applied in medical image segmentation tasks, which can help doctors with reduction of workload and get accurate results more quickly. In OAR segmentation of NPC, the sizes of OAR are variable, especially, some of them are small. Traditional deep neural networks underperform during segmentation due to the lack use of global and multi-size information. This paper proposes a new SE-Connection Pyramid Network (SECP-Net). SECP-Net extracts global and multi-size information flow with se connection (SEC) modules and a pyramid structure of network for improving the segmentation performance, especially that of small organs. SECP-Net also designs an auto-context cascaded network to further improve the segmentation performance. Comparative experiments are conducted between SECP-Net and other recently methods on a dataset with CT images of head and neck. Five-fold cross validation is used to evaluate the performance based on two metrics, i.e., Dice and Jaccard similarity. Experimental results show that SECP-Net can achieve SOTA performance in this challenging task.      
### 64.Towards Low Light Enhancement with RAW Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14022.pdf)
>  In this paper, we make the first benchmark effort to elaborate on the superiority of using RAW images in the low light enhancement and develop a novel alternative route to utilize RAW images in a more flexible and practical way. Inspired by a full consideration on the typical image processing pipeline, we are inspired to develop a new evaluation framework, Factorized Enhancement Model (FEM), which decomposes the properties of RAW images into measurable factors and provides a tool for exploring how properties of RAW images affect the enhancement performance empirically. The empirical benchmark results show that the Linearity of data and Exposure Time recorded in meta-data play the most critical role, which brings distinct performance gains in various measures over the approaches taking the sRGB images as input. With the insights obtained from the benchmark results in mind, a RAW-guiding Exposure Enhancement Network (REENet) is developed, which makes trade-offs between the advantages and inaccessibility of RAW images in real applications in a way of using RAW images only in the training phase. REENet projects sRGB images into linear RAW domains to apply constraints with corresponding RAW images to reduce the difficulty of modeling training. After that, in the testing phase, our REENet does not rely on RAW images. Experimental results demonstrate not only the superiority of REENet to state-of-the-art sRGB-based methods and but also the effectiveness of the RAW guidance and all components.      
### 65.Multilayer Graph Contrastive Clustering Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14021.pdf)
>  Multilayer graph has garnered plenty of research attention in many areas due to their high utility in modeling interdependent systems. However, clustering of multilayer graph, which aims at dividing the graph nodes into categories or communities, is still at a nascent stage. Existing methods are often limited to exploiting the multiview attributes or multiple networks and ignoring more complex and richer network frameworks. To this end, we propose a generic and effective autoencoder framework for multilayer graph clustering named Multilayer Graph Contrastive Clustering Network (MGCCN). MGCCN consists of three modules: (1)Attention mechanism is applied to better capture the relevance between nodes and neighbors for better node embeddings. (2)To better explore the consistent information in different networks, a contrastive fusion strategy is introduced. (3)MGCCN employs a self-supervised component that iteratively strengthens the node embedding and clustering. Extensive experiments on different types of real-world graph data indicate that our proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art techniques.      
### 66.Multi-Band Wi-Fi Sensing with Matched Feature Granularity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14006.pdf)
>  Complementary to the fine-grained channel state information (CSI) from the physical layer and coarse-grained received signal strength indicator (RSSI) measurements, the mid-grained spatial beam attributes (e.g., beam SNR) that are available at millimeter-wave (mmWave) bands during the mandatory beam training phase can be repurposed for Wi-Fi sensing applications. In this paper, we propose a multi-band Wi-Fi fusion method for Wi-Fi sensing that hierarchically fuses the features from both the fine-grained CSI at sub-6 GHz and the mid-grained beam SNR at 60 GHz in a granularity matching framework. The granularity matching is realized by pairing two feature maps from the CSI and beam SNR at different granularity levels and linearly combining all paired feature maps into a fused feature map with learnable weights. <br>To further address the issue of limited labeled training data, we propose an autoencoder-based multi-band Wi-Fi fusion network that can be pre-trained in an unsupervised fashion. Once the autoencoder-based fusion network is pre-trained, we detach the decoders and append multi-task sensing heads to the fused feature map by fine-tuning the fusion block and re-training the multi-task heads from the scratch. The multi-band Wi-Fi fusion framework is thoroughly validated by in-house experimental Wi-Fi sensing datasets spanning three tasks: 1) pose recognition; 2) occupancy sensing; and 3) indoor localization. Comparison to four baseline methods (i.e., CSI-only, beam SNR-only, input fusion, and feature fusion) demonstrates the granularity matching improves the multi-task sensing performance. Quantitative performance is evaluated as a function of the number of labeled training data, latent space dimension, and fine-tuning learning rates.      
### 67.A Moment in the Sun: Solar Nowcasting from Multispectral Satellite Data using Self-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13974.pdf)
>  Solar energy is now the cheapest form of electricity in history. Unfortunately, significantly increasing the grid's fraction of solar energy remains challenging due to its variability, which makes balancing electricity's supply and demand more difficult. While thermal generators' ramp rate -- the maximum rate that they can change their output -- is finite, solar's ramp rate is essentially infinite. Thus, accurate near-term solar forecasting, or nowcasting, is important to provide advance warning to adjust thermal generator output in response to solar variations to ensure a balanced supply and demand. To address the problem, this paper develops a general model for solar nowcasting from abundant and readily available multispectral satellite data using self-supervised learning. Specifically, we develop deep auto-regressive models using convolutional neural networks (CNN) and long short-term memory networks (LSTM) that are globally trained across multiple locations to predict raw future observations of the spatio-temporal data collected by the recently launched GOES-R series of satellites. Our model estimates a location's future solar irradiance based on satellite observations, which we feed to a regression model trained on smaller site-specific solar data to provide near-term solar photovoltaic (PV) forecasts that account for site-specific characteristics. We evaluate our approach for different coverage areas and forecast horizons across 25 solar sites and show that our approach yields errors close to that of a model using ground-truth observations.      
### 68.SPIDER: Searching Personalized Neural Architecture for Federated Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13939.pdf)
>  Federated learning (FL) is an efficient learning framework that assists distributed machine learning when data cannot be shared with a centralized server due to privacy and regulatory restrictions. Recent advancements in FL use predefined architecture-based learning for all the clients. However, given that clients' data are invisible to the server and data distributions are non-identical across clients, a predefined architecture discovered in a centralized setting may not be an optimal solution for all the clients in FL. Motivated by this challenge, in this work, we introduce SPIDER, an algorithmic framework that aims to Search Personalized neural architecture for federated learning. SPIDER is designed based on two unique features: (1) alternately optimizing one architecture-homogeneous global model (Supernet) in a generic FL manner and one architecture-heterogeneous local model that is connected to the global model by weight sharing-based regularization (2) achieving architecture-heterogeneous local model by a novel neural architecture search (NAS) method that can select optimal subnet progressively using operation-level perturbation on the accuracy value as the criterion. Experimental results demonstrate that SPIDER outperforms other state-of-the-art personalization methods, and the searched personalized architectures are more inference efficient.      
### 69.Visual Persuasion in COVID-19 Social Media Content: A Multi-Modal Characterization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13910.pdf)
>  Social media content routinely incorporates multi-modal design to covey information and shape meanings, and sway interpretations toward desirable implications, but the choices and outcomes of using both texts and visual images have not been sufficiently studied. This work proposes a computational approach to analyze the outcome of persuasive information in multi-modal content, focusing on two aspects, popularity and reliability, in COVID-19-related news articles shared on Twitter. The two aspects are intertwined in the spread of misinformation: for example, an unreliable article that aims to misinform has to attain some popularity. This work has several contributions. First, we propose a multi-modal (image and text) approach to effectively identify popularity and reliability of information sources simultaneously. Second, we identify textual and visual elements that are predictive to information popularity and reliability. Third, by modeling cross-modal relations and similarity, we are able to uncover how unreliable articles construct multi-modal meaning in a distorted, biased fashion. Our work demonstrates how to use multi-modal analysis for understanding influential content and has implications to social media literacy and engagement.      
### 70.Non-Reference Quality Monitoring of Digital Images using Gradient Statistics and Feedforward Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13893.pdf)
>  Digital images contain a lot of redundancies, therefore, compressions are applied to reduce the image size without the loss of reasonable image quality. The same become more prominent in the case of videos that contains image sequences and higher compression ratios are achieved in low throughput networks. Assessment of the quality of images in such scenarios becomes of particular interest. Subjective evaluation in most of the scenarios becomes infeasible so objective evaluation is preferred. Among the three objective quality measures, full-reference and reduced-reference methods require an original image in some form to calculate the quality score which is not feasible in scenarios such as broadcasting or IP video. Therefore, a non-reference quality metric is proposed to assess the quality of digital images which calculates luminance and multiscale gradient statistics along with mean subtracted contrast normalized products as features to train a Feedforward Neural Network with Scaled Conjugate Gradient. The trained network has provided good regression and R2 measures and further testing on LIVE Image Quality Assessment database release-2 has shown promising results. Pearson, Kendall, and Spearman's correlation are calculated between predicted and actual quality scores and their results are comparable to the state-of-the-art systems. Moreover, the proposed metric is computationally faster than its counterparts and can be used for the quality assessment of image sequences.      
### 71.MedShift: identifying shift data for medical dataset curation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13885.pdf)
>  To curate a high-quality dataset, identifying data variance between the internal and external sources is a fundamental and crucial step. However, methods to detect shift or variance in data have not been significantly researched. Challenges to this are the lack of effective approaches to learn dense representation of a dataset and difficulties of sharing private data across medical institutions. To overcome the problems, we propose a unified pipeline called MedShift to detect the top-level shift samples and thus facilitate the medical curation. Given an internal dataset A as the base source, we first train anomaly detectors for each class of dataset A to learn internal distributions in an unsupervised way. Second, without exchanging data across sources, we run the trained anomaly detectors on an external dataset B for each class. The data samples with high anomaly scores are identified as shift data. To quantify the shiftness of the external dataset, we cluster B's data into groups class-wise based on the obtained scores. We then train a multi-class classifier on A and measure the shiftness with the classifier's performance variance on B by gradually dropping the group with the largest anomaly score for each class. Additionally, we adapt a dataset quality metric to help inspect the distribution differences for multiple medical sources. We verify the efficacy of MedShift with musculoskeletal radiographs (MURA) and chest X-rays datasets from more than one external source. Experiments show our proposed shift data detection pipeline can be beneficial for medical centers to curate high-quality datasets more efficiently. An interface introduction video to visualize our results is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/V3BF0P1sxQE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 72.Astronomical Image Colorization and upscaling with Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13865.pdf)
>  Automatic colorization of images without human intervention has been a subject of interest in the machine learning community for a brief period of time. Assigning color to an image is a highly ill-posed problem because of its innate nature of possessing very high degrees of freedom; given an image, there is often no single color-combination that is correct. Besides colorization, another problem in reconstruction of images is Single Image Super Resolution, which aims at transforming low resolution images to a higher resolution. This research aims to provide an automated approach for the problem by focusing on a very specific domain of images, namely astronomical images, and process them using Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). We explore the usage of various models in two different color spaces, RGB and L*a*b. We use transferred learning owing to a small data set, using pre-trained ResNet-18 as a backbone, i.e. encoder for the U-net and fine-tune it further. The model produces visually appealing images which hallucinate high resolution, colorized data in these results which does not exist in the original image. We present our results by evaluating the GANs quantitatively using distance metrics such as L1 distance and L2 distance in each of the color spaces across all channels to provide a comparative analysis. We use Frechet inception distance (FID) to compare the distribution of the generated images with the distribution of the real image to assess the model's performance.      
### 73.Using maps to predict economic activity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13850.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel machine learning approach to leverage historical and contemporary maps to systematically predict economic statistics. Remote sensing data have been used as reliable proxies for local economic activity. However, they have only become available in recent years, thus limiting their applicability for long-term analysis. Historical maps, on the other hand, date back several decades. Our simple algorithm extracts meaningful features from the maps based on their color compositions. The grid-level population predictions by our approach outperform the conventional CNN-based predictions using raw map images. It also predicts population better than other approaches using night light satellite images or land cover classifications as the input for predictions.      
