# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 17 Dec 2021
### 1.Masked Feature Prediction for Self-Supervised Visual Pre-Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09133.pdf)
>  We present Masked Feature Prediction (MaskFeat) for self-supervised pre-training of video models. Our approach first randomly masks out a portion of the input sequence and then predicts the feature of the masked regions. We study five different types of features and find Histograms of Oriented Gradients (HOG), a hand-crafted feature descriptor, works particularly well in terms of both performance and efficiency. We observe that the local contrast normalization in HOG is essential for good results, which is in line with earlier work using HOG for visual recognition. Our approach can learn abundant visual knowledge and drive large-scale Transformer-based models. Without using extra model weights or supervision, MaskFeat pre-trained on unlabeled videos achieves unprecedented results of 86.7% with MViT-L on Kinetics-400, 88.3% on Kinetics-600, 80.4% on Kinetics-700, 38.8 mAP on AVA, and 75.0% on SSv2. MaskFeat further generalizes to image input, which can be interpreted as a video with a single frame and obtains competitive results on ImageNet.      
### 2.HODOR: High-level Object Descriptors for Object Re-segmentation in Video Learned from Static Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09131.pdf)
>  Existing state-of-the-art methods for Video Object Segmentation (VOS) learn low-level pixel-to-pixel correspondences between frames to propagate object masks across video. This requires a large amount of densely annotated video data, which is costly to annotate, and largely redundant since frames within a video are highly correlated. In light of this, we propose HODOR: a novel method that tackles VOS by effectively leveraging annotated static images for understanding object appearance and scene context. We encode object instances and scene information from an image frame into robust high-level descriptors which can then be used to re-segment those objects in different frames. As a result, HODOR achieves state-of-the-art performance on the DAVIS and YouTube-VOS benchmarks compared to existing methods trained without video annotations. Without any architectural modification, HODOR can also learn from video context around single annotated video frames by utilizing cyclic consistency, whereas other methods rely on dense, temporally consistent annotations.      
### 3.Ensembling Off-the-shelf Models for GAN Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09130.pdf)
>  The advent of large-scale training has produced a cornucopia of powerful visual recognition models. However, generative models, such as GANs, have traditionally been trained from scratch in an unsupervised manner. Can the collective "knowledge" from a large bank of pretrained vision models be leveraged to improve GAN training? If so, with so many models to choose from, which one(s) should be selected, and in what manner are they most effective? We find that pretrained computer vision models can significantly improve performance when used in an ensemble of discriminators. Notably, the particular subset of selected models greatly affects performance. We propose an effective selection mechanism, by probing the linear separability between real and fake samples in pretrained model embeddings, choosing the most accurate model, and progressively adding it to the discriminator ensemble. Interestingly, our method can improve GAN training in both limited data and large-scale settings. Given only 10k training samples, our FID on LSUN Cat matches the StyleGAN2 trained on 1.6M images. On the full dataset, our method improves FID by 1.5x to 2x on cat, church, and horse categories of LSUN.      
### 4.Decoupling and Recoupling Spatiotemporal Representation for RGB-D-based Motion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09129.pdf)
>  Decoupling spatiotemporal representation refers to decomposing the spatial and temporal features into dimension-independent factors. Although previous RGB-D-based motion recognition methods have achieved promising performance through the tightly coupled multi-modal spatiotemporal representation, they still suffer from (i) optimization difficulty under small data setting due to the tightly spatiotemporal-entangled modeling;(ii) information redundancy as it usually contains lots of marginal information that is weakly relevant to classification; and (iii) low interaction between multi-modal spatiotemporal information caused by insufficient late fusion. To alleviate these drawbacks, we propose to decouple and recouple spatiotemporal representation for RGB-D-based motion recognition. Specifically, we disentangle the task of learning spatiotemporal representation into 3 sub-tasks: (1) Learning high-quality and dimension independent features through a decoupled spatial and temporal modeling network. (2) Recoupling the decoupled representation to establish stronger space-time dependency. (3) Introducing a Cross-modal Adaptive Posterior Fusion (CAPF) mechanism to capture cross-modal spatiotemporal information from RGB-D data. Seamless combination of these novel designs forms a robust spatialtemporal representation and achieves better performance than state-of-the-art methods on four public motion datasets. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/damo-cv/MotionRGBD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.ICON: Implicit Clothed humans Obtained from Normals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09127.pdf)
>  Current methods for learning realistic and animatable 3D clothed avatars need either posed 3D scans or 2D images with carefully controlled user poses. In contrast, our goal is to learn the avatar from only 2D images of people in unconstrained poses. Given a set of images, our method estimates a detailed 3D surface from each image and then combines these into an animatable avatar. Implicit functions are well suited to the first task, as they can capture details like hair or clothes. Current methods, however, are not robust to varied human poses and often produce 3D surfaces with broken or disembodied limbs, missing details, or non-human shapes. The problem is that these methods use global feature encoders that are sensitive to global pose. To address this, we propose ICON ("Implicit Clothed humans Obtained from Normals"), which uses local features, instead. ICON has two main modules, both of which exploit the SMPL(-X) body model. First, ICON infers detailed clothed-human normals (front/back) conditioned on the SMPL(-X) normals. Second, a visibility-aware implicit surface regressor produces an iso-surface of a human occupancy field. Importantly, at inference time, a feedback loop alternates between refining the SMPL(-X) mesh using the inferred clothed normals and then refining the normals. Given multiple reconstructed frames of a subject in varied poses, we use SCANimate to produce an animatable avatar from them. Evaluation on the AGORA and CAPE datasets shows that ICON outperforms the state of the art in reconstruction, even with heavily limited training data. Additionally, it is much more robust to out-of-distribution samples, e.g., in-the-wild poses/images and out-of-frame cropping. ICON takes a step towards robust 3D clothed human reconstruction from in-the-wild images. This enables creating avatars directly from video with personalized and natural pose-dependent cloth deformation.      
### 6.IS-COUNT: Large-scale Object Counting from Satellite Images with Covariate-based Importance Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09126.pdf)
>  Object detection in high-resolution satellite imagery is emerging as a scalable alternative to on-the-ground survey data collection in many environmental and socioeconomic monitoring applications. However, performing object detection over large geographies can still be prohibitively expensive due to the high cost of purchasing imagery and compute. Inspired by traditional survey data collection strategies, we propose an approach to estimate object count statistics over large geographies through sampling. Given a cost budget, our method selects a small number of representative areas by sampling from a learnable proposal distribution. Using importance sampling, we are able to accurately estimate object counts after processing only a small fraction of the images compared to an exhaustive approach. We show empirically that the proposed framework achieves strong performance on estimating the number of buildings in the United States and Africa, cars in Kenya, brick kilns in Bangladesh, and swimming pools in the U.S., while requiring as few as 0.01% of satellite images compared to an exhaustive approach.      
### 7.Human Hands as Probes for Interactive Object Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09120.pdf)
>  Interactive object understanding, or what we can do to objects and how is a long-standing goal of computer vision. In this paper, we tackle this problem through observation of human hands in in-the-wild egocentric videos. We demonstrate that observation of what human hands interact with and how can provide both the relevant data and the necessary supervision. Attending to hands, readily localizes and stabilizes active objects for learning and reveals places where interactions with objects occur. Analyzing the hands shows what we can do to objects and how. We apply these basic principles on the EPIC-KITCHENS dataset, and successfully learn state-sensitive features, and object affordances (regions of interaction and afforded grasps), purely by observing hands in egocentric videos.      
### 8.RegionCLIP: Region-based Language-Image Pretraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09106.pdf)
>  Contrastive language-image pretraining (CLIP) using image-text pairs has achieved impressive results on image classification in both zero-shot and transfer learning settings. However, we show that directly applying such models to recognize image regions for object detection leads to poor performance due to a domain shift: CLIP was trained to match an image as a whole to a text description, without capturing the fine-grained alignment between image regions and text spans. To mitigate this issue, we propose a new method called RegionCLIP that significantly extends CLIP to learn region-level visual representations, thus enabling fine-grained alignment between image regions and textual concepts. Our method leverages a CLIP model to match image regions with template captions and then pretrains our model to align these region-text pairs in the feature space. When transferring our pretrained model to the open-vocabulary object detection tasks, our method significantly outperforms the state of the art by 3.8 AP50 and 2.2 AP for novel categories on COCO and LVIS datasets, respectively. Moreoever, the learned region representations support zero-shot inference for object detection, showing promising results on both COCO and LVIS datasets. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/microsoft/RegionCLIP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 9.CrossLoc: Scalable Aerial Localization Assisted by Multimodal Synthetic Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09081.pdf)
>  We present a visual localization system that learns to estimate camera poses in the real world with the help of synthetic data. Despite significant progress in recent years, most learning-based approaches to visual localization target at a single domain and require a dense database of geo-tagged images to function well. To mitigate the data scarcity issue and improve the scalability of the neural localization models, we introduce TOPO-DataGen, a versatile synthetic data generation tool that traverses smoothly between the real and virtual world, hinged on the geographic camera viewpoint. New large-scale sim-to-real benchmark datasets are proposed to showcase and evaluate the utility of the said synthetic data. Our experiments reveal that synthetic data generically enhances the neural network performance on real data. Furthermore, we introduce CrossLoc, a cross-modal visual representation learning approach to pose estimation that makes full use of the scene coordinate ground truth via self-supervision. Without any extra data, CrossLoc significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods and achieves substantially higher real-data sample efficiency. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TOPO-EPFL/CrossLoc" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.Progressive Graph Convolution Network for EEG Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09069.pdf)
>  Studies in the area of neuroscience have revealed the relationship between emotional patterns and brain functional regions, demonstrating that dynamic relationships between different brain regions are an essential factor affecting emotion recognition determined through electroencephalography (EEG). Moreover, in EEG emotion recognition, we can observe that clearer boundaries exist between coarse-grained emotions than those between fine-grained emotions, based on the same EEG data; this indicates the concurrence of large coarse- and small fine-grained emotion variations. Thus, the progressive classification process from coarse- to fine-grained categories may be helpful for EEG emotion recognition. Consequently, in this study, we propose a progressive graph convolution network (PGCN) for capturing this inherent characteristic in EEG emotional signals and progressively learning the discriminative EEG features. To fit different EEG patterns, we constructed a dual-graph module to characterize the intrinsic relationship between different EEG channels, containing the dynamic functional connections and static spatial proximity information of brain regions from neuroscience research. Moreover, motivated by the observation of the relationship between coarse- and fine-grained emotions, we adopt a dual-head module that enables the PGCN to progressively learn more discriminative EEG features, from coarse-grained (easy) to fine-grained categories (difficult), referring to the hierarchical characteristic of emotion. To verify the performance of our model, extensive experiments were conducted on two public datasets: SEED-IV and multi-modal physiological emotion database (MPED).      
### 11.Solving Inverse Problems with NerfGANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09061.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel framework for solving inverse problems using NeRF-style generative models. We are interested in the problem of 3-D scene reconstruction given a single 2-D image and known camera parameters. We show that naively optimizing the latent space leads to artifacts and poor novel view rendering. We attribute this problem to volume obstructions that are clear in the 3-D geometry and become visible in the renderings of novel views. We propose a novel radiance field regularization method to obtain better 3-D surfaces and improved novel views given single view observations. Our method naturally extends to general inverse problems including inpainting where one observes only partially a single view. We experimentally evaluate our method, achieving visual improvements and performance boosts over the baselines in a wide range of tasks. Our method achieves $30-40\%$ MSE reduction and $15-25\%$ reduction in LPIPS loss compared to the previous state of the art.      
### 12.The MVTec 3D-AD Dataset for Unsupervised 3D Anomaly Detection and Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09045.pdf)
>  We introduce the first comprehensive 3D dataset for the task of unsupervised anomaly detection and localization. It is inspired by real-world visual inspection scenarios in which a model has to detect various types of defects on manufactured products, even if it is trained only on anomaly-free data. There are defects that manifest themselves as anomalies in the geometric structure of an object. These cause significant deviations in a 3D representation of the data. We employed a high-resolution industrial 3D sensor to acquire depth scans of 10 different object categories. For all object categories, we present a training and validation set, each of which solely consists of scans of anomaly-free samples. The corresponding test sets contain samples showing various defects such as scratches, dents, holes, contaminations, or deformations. Precise ground-truth annotations are provided for every anomalous test sample. An initial benchmark of 3D anomaly detection methods on our dataset indicates a considerable room for improvement.      
### 13.Neural Style Transfer and Unpaired Image-to-Image Translation to deal with the Domain Shift Problem on Spheroid Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09043.pdf)
>  Background and objectives. Domain shift is a generalisation problem of machine learning models that occurs when the data distribution of the training set is different to the data distribution encountered by the model when it is deployed. This is common in the context of biomedical image segmentation due to the variance of experimental conditions, equipment, and capturing settings. In this work, we address this challenge by studying both neural style transfer algorithms and unpaired image-to-image translation methods in the context of the segmentation of tumour spheroids. <br>Methods. We have illustrated the domain shift problem in the context of spheroid segmentation with 4 deep learning segmentation models that achieved an IoU over 97% when tested with images following the training distribution, but whose performance decreased up to an 84\% when applied to images captured under different conditions. In order to deal with this problem, we have explored 3 style transfer algorithms (NST, deep image analogy, and STROTSS), and 6 unpaired image-to-image translations algorithms (CycleGAN, DualGAN, ForkGAN, GANILLA, CUT, and FastCUT). These algorithms have been integrated into a high-level API that facilitates their application to other contexts where the domain-shift problem occurs. <br>Results. We have considerably improved the performance of the 4 segmentation models when applied to images captured under different conditions by using both style transfer and image-to-image translation algorithms. In particular, there are 2 style transfer algorithms (NST and deep image analogy) and 1 unpaired image-to-image translations algorithm (CycleGAN) that improve the IoU of the models in a range from 0.24 to 76.07. Therefore, reaching a similar performance to the one obtained with the models are applied to images following the training distribution.      
### 14.Activation Modulation and Recalibration Scheme for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08996.pdf)
>  Image-level weakly supervised semantic segmentation (WSSS) is a fundamental yet challenging computer vision task facilitating scene understanding and automatic driving. Most existing methods resort to classification-based Class Activation Maps (CAMs) to play as the initial pseudo labels, which tend to focus on the discriminative image regions and lack customized characteristics for the segmentation task. To alleviate this issue, we propose a novel activation modulation and recalibration (AMR) scheme, which leverages a spotlight branch and a compensation branch to obtain weighted CAMs that can provide recalibration supervision and task-specific concepts. Specifically, an attention modulation module (AMM) is employed to rearrange the distribution of feature importance from the channel-spatial sequential perspective, which helps to explicitly model channel-wise interdependencies and spatial encodings to adaptively modulate segmentation-oriented activation responses. Furthermore, we introduce a cross pseudo supervision for dual branches, which can be regarded as a semantic similar regularization to mutually refine two branches. Extensive experiments show that AMR establishes a new state-of-the-art performance on the PASCAL VOC 2012 dataset, surpassing not only current methods trained with the image-level of supervision but also some methods relying on stronger supervision, such as saliency label. Experiments also reveal that our scheme is plug-and-play and can be incorporated with other approaches to boost their performance.      
### 15.Stable Long-Term Recurrent Video Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08950.pdf)
>  Recurrent models have gained popularity in deep learning (DL) based video super-resolution (VSR), due to their increased computational efficiency, temporal receptive field and temporal consistency compared to sliding-window based models. However, when inferring on long video sequences presenting low motion (i.e. in which some parts of the scene barely move), recurrent models diverge through recurrent processing, generating high frequency artifacts. To the best of our knowledge, no study about VSR pointed out this instability problem, which can be critical for some real-world applications. Video surveillance is a typical example where such artifacts would occur, as both the camera and the scene stay static for a long time. <br>In this work, we expose instabilities of existing recurrent VSR networks on long sequences with low motion. We demonstrate it on a new long sequence dataset Quasi-Static Video Set, that we have created. Finally, we introduce a new framework of recurrent VSR networks that is both stable and competitive, based on Lipschitz stability theory. We propose a new recurrent VSR network, coined Middle Recurrent Video Super-Resolution (MRVSR), based on this framework. We empirically show its competitive performance on long sequences with low motion.      
### 16.Slot-VPS: Object-centric Representation Learning for Video Panoptic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08949.pdf)
>  Video Panoptic Segmentation (VPS) aims at assigning a class label to each pixel, uniquely segmenting and identifying all object instances consistently across all frames. Classic solutions usually decompose the VPS task into several sub-tasks and utilize multiple surrogates (e.g. boxes and masks, centres and offsets) to represent objects. However, this divide-and-conquer strategy requires complex post-processing in both spatial and temporal domains and is vulnerable to failures from surrogate tasks. In this paper, inspired by object-centric learning which learns compact and robust object representations, we present Slot-VPS, the first end-to-end framework for this task. We encode all panoptic entities in a video, including both foreground instances and background semantics, with a unified representation called panoptic slots. The coherent spatio-temporal object's information is retrieved and encoded into the panoptic slots by the proposed Video Panoptic Retriever, enabling it to localize, segment, differentiate, and associate objects in a unified manner. Finally, the output panoptic slots can be directly converted into the class, mask, and object ID of panoptic objects in the video. We conduct extensive ablation studies and demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on two benchmark datasets, Cityscapes-VPS (\textit{val} and test sets) and VIPER (\textit{val} set), achieving new state-of-the-art performance of 63.7, 63.3 and 56.2 VPQ, respectively.      
### 17.MVSS-Net: Multi-View Multi-Scale Supervised Networks for Image Manipulation Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08935.pdf)
>  The key research question for image manipulation detection is how to learn generalizable features that are sensitive to manipulations in novel data, whilst specific to prevent false alarms on authentic images. Current research emphasizes the sensitivity, with the specificity mostly ignored. In this paper we address both aspects by multi-view feature learning and multi-scale supervision. By exploiting noise distribution and boundary artifacts surrounding tampered regions, the former aims to learn semantic-agnostic and thus more generalizable features. The latter allows us to learn from authentic images which are nontrivial to be taken into account by the prior art that relies on a semantic segmentation loss. Our thoughts are realized by a new network which we term MVSS-Net and its enhanced version MVSS-Net++. Comprehensive experiments on six public benchmark datasets justify the viability of the MVSS-Net series for both pixel-level and image-level manipulation detection.      
### 18.Intelli-Paint: Towards Developing Human-like Painting Agents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08930.pdf)
>  The generation of well-designed artwork is often quite time-consuming and assumes a high degree of proficiency on part of the human painter. In order to facilitate the human painting process, substantial research efforts have been made on teaching machines how to "paint like a human", and then using the trained agent as a painting assistant tool for human users. However, current research in this direction is often reliant on a progressive grid-based division strategy wherein the agent divides the overall image into successively finer grids, and then proceeds to paint each of them in parallel. This inevitably leads to artificial painting sequences which are not easily intelligible to human users. To address this, we propose a novel painting approach which learns to generate output canvases while exhibiting a more human-like painting style. The proposed painting pipeline Intelli-Paint consists of 1) a progressive layering strategy which allows the agent to first paint a natural background scene representation before adding in each of the foreground objects in a progressive fashion. 2) We also introduce a novel sequential brushstroke guidance strategy which helps the painting agent to shift its attention between different image regions in a semantic-aware manner. 3) Finally, we propose a brushstroke regularization strategy which allows for ~60-80% reduction in the total number of required brushstrokes without any perceivable differences in the quality of the generated canvases. Through both quantitative and qualitative results, we show that the resulting agents not only show enhanced efficiency in output canvas generation but also exhibit a more natural-looking painting style which would better assist human users express their ideas through digital artwork.      
### 19.Contrastive Spatio-Temporal Pretext Learning for Self-supervised Video Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08913.pdf)
>  Spatio-temporal representation learning is critical for video self-supervised representation. Recent approaches mainly use contrastive learning and pretext tasks. However, these approaches learn representation by discriminating sampled instances via feature similarity in the latent space while ignoring the intermediate state of the learned representations, which limits the overall performance. In this work, taking into account the degree of similarity of sampled instances as the intermediate state, we propose a novel pretext task - spatio-temporal overlap rate (STOR) prediction. It stems from the observation that humans are capable of discriminating the overlap rates of videos in space and time. This task encourages the model to discriminate the STOR of two generated samples to learn the representations. Moreover, we employ a joint optimization combining pretext tasks with contrastive learning to further enhance the spatio-temporal representation learning. We also study the mutual influence of each component in the proposed scheme. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed STOR task can favor both contrastive learning and pretext tasks. The joint optimization scheme can significantly improve the spatio-temporal representation in video understanding. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Katou2/CSTP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 20.On the Uncertain Single-View Depths in Endoscopies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08906.pdf)
>  Estimating depth from endoscopic images is a pre-requisite for a wide set of AI-assisted technologies, namely accurate localization, measurement of tumors, or identification of non-inspected areas. As the domain specificity of colonoscopies -- a deformable low-texture environment with fluids, poor lighting conditions and abrupt sensor motions -- pose challenges to multi-view approaches, single-view depth learning stands out as a promising line of research. In this paper, we explore for the first time Bayesian deep networks for single-view depth estimation in colonoscopies. Their uncertainty quantification offers great potential for such a critical application area. Our specific contribution is two-fold: 1) an exhaustive analysis of Bayesian deep networks for depth estimation in three different datasets, highlighting challenges and conclusions regarding synthetic-to-real domain changes and supervised vs. self-supervised methods; and 2) a novel teacher-student approach to deep depth learning that takes into account the teacher uncertainty.      
### 21.Toward Minimal Misalignment at Minimal Cost in One-Stage and Anchor-Free Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08902.pdf)
>  Common object detection models consist of classification and regression branches, due to different task drivers, these two branches have different sensibility to the features from the same scale level and the same spatial location. The point-based prediction method, which is based on the assumption that the high classification confidence point has the high regression quality, leads to the misalignment problem. Our analysis shows, the problem is further composed of scale misalignment and spatial misalignment specifically. We aim to resolve the phenomenon at minimal cost: a minor adjustment of the head network and a new label assignment method replacing the rigid one. Our experiments show that, compared to the baseline FCOS, a one-stage and anchor-free object detection model, our model consistently get around 3 AP improvement with different backbones, demonstrating both simplicity and efficiency of our method.      
### 22.Looking Outside the Box to Ground Language in 3D Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08879.pdf)
>  Existing language grounding models often use object proposal bottlenecks: a pre-trained detector proposes objects in the scene and the model learns to select the answer from these box proposals, without attending to the original image or 3D point cloud. Object detectors are typically trained on a fixed vocabulary of objects and attributes that is often too restrictive for open-domain language grounding, where an utterance may refer to visual entities at various levels of abstraction, such as a chair, the leg of a chair, or the tip of the front leg of a chair. We propose a model for grounding language in 3D scenes that bypasses box proposal bottlenecks with three main innovations: i) Iterative attention across the language stream, the point cloud feature stream and 3D box proposals. ii) Transformer decoders with non-parametric entity queries that decode 3D boxes for object and part referentials. iii) Joint supervision from 3D object annotations and language grounding annotations, by treating object detection as grounding of referential utterances comprised of a list of candidate category labels. These innovations result in significant quantitative gains (up to +9% absolute improvement on the SR3D benchmark) over previous approaches on popular 3D language grounding benchmarks. We ablate each of our innovations to show its contribution to the performance of the model. When applied on language grounding on 2D images with minor changes, it performs on par with the state-of-the-art while converges in half of the GPU time. The code and checkpoints will be made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nickgkan/beauty_detr" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 23.GRAM: Generative Radiance Manifolds for 3D-Aware Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08867.pdf)
>  3D-aware image generative modeling aims to generate 3D-consistent images with explicitly controllable camera poses. Recent works have shown promising results by training neural radiance field (NeRF) generators on unstructured 2D images, but still can not generate highly-realistic images with fine details. A critical reason is that the high memory and computation cost of volumetric representation learning greatly restricts the number of point samples for radiance integration during training. Deficient sampling not only limits the expressive power of the generator to handle fine details but also impedes effective GAN training due to the noise caused by unstable Monte Carlo sampling. We propose a novel approach that regulates point sampling and radiance field learning on 2D manifolds, embodied as a set of learned implicit surfaces in the 3D volume. For each viewing ray, we calculate ray-surface intersections and accumulate their radiance generated by the network. By training and rendering such radiance manifolds, our generator can produce high quality images with realistic fine details and strong visual 3D consistency.      
### 24.A CNN based method for Sub-pixel Urban Land Cover Classification using Landsat-5 TM and Resourcesat-1 LISS-IV Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08841.pdf)
>  Time series data of urban land cover is of great utility in analyzing urban growth patterns, changes in distribution of impervious surface and vegetation and resulting impacts on urban micro climate. While Landsat data is ideal for such analysis due to the long time series of free imagery, traditional per-pixel hard classification fails to yield full potential of the Landsat data. This paper proposes a sub-pixel classification method that leverages the temporal overlap of Landsat-5 TM and Resourcesat-1 LISS-IV sensors. We train a convolutional neural network to predict fractional land cover maps from 30m Landsat-5 TM data. The reference land cover fractions are estimated from a hard-classified 5.8m LISS-IV image for Bengaluru from 2011. Further, we demonstrate the generalizability and superior performance of the proposed model using data for Mumbai from 2009 and comparing it to the results obtained using a Random Forest classifier. For both Bengaluru (2011) and Mumbai (2009) data, Mean Absolute Percentage Error of our CNN model is in the range of 7.2 to 11.3 for both built-up and vegetation fraction prediction at the 30m cell level. Unlike most recent studies where validation is conducted using data for a limited spatial extent, our model has been trained and validated using data for the complete spatial extent of two mega cities for two different time periods. Hence it can reliably generate 30m built-up and vegetation fraction maps from Landsat-5 TM time series data to analyze long term urban growth patterns.      
### 25.Self-supervised Enhancement of Latent Discovery in GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08835.pdf)
>  Several methods for discovering interpretable directions in the latent space of pre-trained GANs have been proposed. Latent semantics discovered by unsupervised methods are relatively less disentangled than supervised methods since they do not use pre-trained attribute classifiers. We propose Scale Ranking Estimator (SRE), which is trained using self-supervision. SRE enhances the disentanglement in directions obtained by existing unsupervised disentanglement techniques. These directions are updated to preserve the ordering of variation within each direction in latent space. Qualitative and quantitative evaluation of the discovered directions demonstrates that our proposed method significantly improves disentanglement in various datasets. We also show that the learned SRE can be used to perform Attribute-based image retrieval task without further training.      
### 26.Search for temporal cell segmentation robustness in phase-contrast microscopy videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08817.pdf)
>  Studying cell morphology changes in time is critical to understanding cell migration mechanisms. In this work, we present a deep learning-based workflow to segment cancer cells embedded in 3D collagen matrices and imaged with phase-contrast microscopy. Our approach uses transfer learning and recurrent convolutional long-short term memory units to exploit the temporal information from the past and provide a consistent segmentation result. Lastly, we propose a geometrical-characterization approach to studying cancer cell morphology. Our approach provides stable results in time, and it is robust to the different weight initialization or training data sampling. We introduce a new annotated dataset for 2D cell segmentation and tracking, and an open-source implementation to replicate the experiments or adapt them to new image processing problems.      
### 27.Self-Distilled Hashing for Deep Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08816.pdf)
>  In hash-based image retrieval systems, the transformed input from the original usually generates different codes, deteriorating the retrieval accuracy. To mitigate this issue, data augmentation can be applied during training. However, even if the augmented samples of one content are similar in real space, the quantization can scatter them far away in Hamming space. This results in representation discrepancies that can impede training and degrade performance. In this work, we propose a novel self-distilled hashing scheme to minimize the discrepancy while exploiting the potential of augmented data. By transferring the hash knowledge of the weakly-transformed samples to the strong ones, we make the hash code insensitive to various transformations. We also introduce hash proxy-based similarity learning and binary cross entropy-based quantization loss to provide fine quality hash codes. Ultimately, we construct a deep hashing framework that generates discriminative hash codes. Extensive experiments on benchmarks verify that our self-distillation improves the existing deep hashing approaches, and our framework achieves state-of-the-art retrieval results. The code will be released soon.      
### 28.An Unsupervised Way to Understand Artifact Generating Internal Units in Generative Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08814.pdf)
>  Despite significant improvements on the image generation performance of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), generations with low visual fidelity still have been observed. As widely used metrics for GANs focus more on the overall performance of the model, evaluation on the quality of individual generations or detection of defective generations is challenging. While recent studies try to detect featuremap units that cause artifacts and evaluate individual samples, these approaches require additional resources such as external networks or a number of training data to approximate the real data manifold. In this work, we propose the concept of local activation, and devise a metric on the local activation to detect artifact generations without additional supervision. We empirically verify that our approach can detect and correct artifact generations from GANs with various datasets. Finally, we discuss a geometrical analysis to partially reveal the relation between the proposed concept and low visual fidelity.      
### 29.Pure Noise to the Rescue of Insufficient Data: Improving Imbalanced Classification by Training on Random Noise Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08810.pdf)
>  Despite remarkable progress on visual recognition tasks, deep neural-nets still struggle to generalize well when training data is scarce or highly imbalanced, rendering them extremely vulnerable to real-world examples. In this paper, we present a surprisingly simple yet highly effective method to mitigate this limitation: using pure noise images as additional training data. Unlike the common use of additive noise or adversarial noise for data augmentation, we propose an entirely different perspective by directly training on pure random noise images. We present a new Distribution-Aware Routing Batch Normalization layer (DAR-BN), which enables training on pure noise images in addition to natural images within the same network. This encourages generalization and suppresses overfitting. Our proposed method significantly improves imbalanced classification performance, obtaining state-of-the-art results on a large variety of long-tailed image classification datasets (CIFAR-10-LT, CIFAR-100-LT, ImageNet-LT, Places-LT, and CelebA-5). Furthermore, our method is extremely simple and easy to use as a general new augmentation tool (on top of existing augmentations), and can be incorporated in any training scheme. It does not require any specialized data generation or training procedures, thus keeping training fast and efficient      
### 30.Saliency Grafting: Innocuous Attribution-Guided Mixup with Calibrated Label Mixing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08796.pdf)
>  The Mixup scheme suggests mixing a pair of samples to create an augmented training sample and has gained considerable attention recently for improving the generalizability of neural networks. A straightforward and widely used extension of Mixup is to combine with regional dropout-like methods: removing random patches from a sample and replacing it with the features from another sample. Albeit their simplicity and effectiveness, these methods are prone to create harmful samples due to their randomness. To address this issue, 'maximum saliency' strategies were recently proposed: they select only the most informative features to prevent such a phenomenon. However, they now suffer from lack of sample diversification as they always deterministically select regions with maximum saliency, injecting bias into the augmented data. In this paper, we present, a novel, yet simple Mixup-variant that captures the best of both worlds. Our idea is two-fold. By stochastically sampling the features and 'grafting' them onto another sample, our method effectively generates diverse yet meaningful samples. Its second ingredient is to produce the label of the grafted sample by mixing the labels in a saliency-calibrated fashion, which rectifies supervision misguidance introduced by the random sampling procedure. Our experiments under CIFAR, Tiny-ImageNet, and ImageNet datasets show that our scheme outperforms the current state-of-the-art augmentation strategies not only in terms of classification accuracy, but is also superior in coping under stress conditions such as data corruption and object occlusion.      
### 31.Improved YOLOv5 network for real-time multi-scale traffic sign detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08782.pdf)
>  Traffic sign detection is a challenging task for the unmanned driving system, especially for the detection of multi-scale targets and the real-time problem of detection. In the traffic sign detection process, the scale of the targets changes greatly, which will have a certain impact on the detection accuracy. Feature pyramid is widely used to solve this problem but it might break the feature consistency across different scales of traffic signs. Moreover, in practical application, it is difficult for common methods to improve the detection accuracy of multi-scale traffic signs while ensuring real-time detection. In this paper, we propose an improved feature pyramid model, named AF-FPN, which utilizes the adaptive attention module (AAM) and feature enhancement module (FEM) to reduce the information loss in the process of feature map generation and enhance the representation ability of the feature pyramid. We replaced the original feature pyramid network in YOLOv5 with AF-FPN, which improves the detection performance for multi-scale targets of the YOLOv5 network under the premise of ensuring real-time detection. Furthermore, a new automatic learning data augmentation method is proposed to enrich the dataset and improve the robustness of the model to make it more suitable for practical scenarios. Extensive experimental results on the Tsinghua-Tencent 100K (TT100K) dataset demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed method when compared with several state-of-the-art methods.      
### 32.DProST: 6-DoF Object Pose Estimation Using Space Carving and Dynamic Projective Spatial Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08775.pdf)
>  Predicting the pose of an object is a core computer vision task. Most deep learning-based pose estimation methods require CAD data to use 3D intermediate representations or project 2D appearance. However, these methods cannot be used when CAD data for objects of interest are unavailable. Besides, the existing methods did not precisely reflect the perspective distortion to the learning process. In addition, information loss due to self-occlusion has not been studied well. In this regard, we propose a new pose estimation system consisting of a space carving module that reconstructs a reference 3D feature to replace the CAD data. Moreover, Our new transformation module, Dynamic Projective Spatial Transformer (DProST), transforms a reference 3D feature to reflect the pose while considering perspective distortion. Also, we overcome the self-occlusion problem by a new Bidirectional Z-buffering (BiZ-buffer) method, which extracts both the front view and the self-occluded back view of the object. Lastly, we suggest a Perspective Grid Distance Loss (PGDL), enabling stable learning of the pose estimator without CAD data. Experimental results show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art method on the LINEMOD dataset and comparable performance on LINEMOD-OCCLUSION dataset even compared to the methods that require CAD data in network training.      
### 33.Radio-Assisted Human Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08743.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a radio-assisted human detection framework by incorporating radio information into the state-of-the-art detection methods, including anchor-based onestage detectors and two-stage detectors. We extract the radio localization and identifer information from the radio signals to assist the human detection, due to which the problem of false positives and false negatives can be greatly alleviated. For both detectors, we use the confidence score revision based on the radio localization to improve the detection performance. For two-stage detection methods, we propose to utilize the region proposals generated from radio localization rather than relying on region proposal network (RPN). Moreover, with the radio identifier information, a non-max suppression method with the radio localization constraint has also been proposed to further suppress the false detections and reduce miss detections. Experiments on the simulative Microsoft COCO dataset and Caltech pedestrian datasets show that the mean average precision (mAP) and the miss rate of the state-of-the-art detection methods can be improved with the aid of radio information. Finally, we conduct experiments in real-world scenarios to demonstrate the feasibility of our proposed method in practice.      
### 34.Feature Erasing and Diffusion Network for Occluded Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08740.pdf)
>  Occluded person re-identification (ReID) aims at matching occluded person images to holistic ones across different camera views. Target Pedestrians (TP) are usually disturbed by Non-Pedestrian Occlusions (NPO) and NonTarget Pedestrians (NTP). Previous methods mainly focus on increasing model's robustness against NPO while ignoring feature contamination from NTP. In this paper, we propose a novel Feature Erasing and Diffusion Network (FED) to simultaneously handle NPO and NTP. Specifically, NPO features are eliminated by our proposed Occlusion Erasing Module (OEM), aided by the NPO augmentation strategy which simulates NPO on holistic pedestrian images and generates precise occlusion masks. Subsequently, we Subsequently, we diffuse the pedestrian representations with other memorized features to synthesize NTP characteristics in the feature space which is achieved by a novel Feature Diffusion Module (FDM) through a learnable cross attention mechanism. With the guidance of the occlusion scores from OEM, the feature diffusion process is mainly conducted on visible body parts, which guarantees the quality of the synthesized NTP characteristics. By jointly optimizing OEM and FDM in our proposed FED network, we can greatly improve the model's perception ability towards TP and alleviate the influence of NPO and NTP. Furthermore, the proposed FDM only works as an auxiliary module for training and will be discarded in the inference phase, thus introducing little inference computational overhead. Experiments on occluded and holistic person ReID benchmarks demonstrate the superiority of FED over state-of-the-arts, where FED achieves 86.3% Rank-1 accuracy on Occluded-REID, surpassing others by at least 4.7%.      
### 35.Forensic Analysis of Synthetically Generated Scientific Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08739.pdf)
>  The widespread diffusion of synthetically generated content is a serious threat that needs urgent countermeasures. The generation of synthetic content is not restricted to multimedia data like videos, photographs, or audio sequences, but covers a significantly vast area that can include biological images as well, such as western-blot and microscopic images. In this paper, we focus on the detection of synthetically generated western-blot images. Western-blot images are largely explored in the biomedical literature and it has been already shown how these images can be easily counterfeited with few hope to spot manipulations by visual inspection or by standard forensics detectors. To overcome the absence of a publicly available dataset, we create a new dataset comprising more than 14K original western-blot images and 18K synthetic western-blot images, generated by three different state-of-the-art generation methods. Then, we investigate different strategies to detect synthetic western blots, exploring binary classification methods as well as one-class detectors. In both scenarios, we never exploit synthetic western-blot images at training stage. The achieved results show that synthetically generated western-blot images can be spot with good accuracy, even though the exploited detectors are not optimized over synthetic versions of these scientific images.      
### 36.Lacuna Reconstruction: Self-supervised Pre-training for Low-Resource Historical Document Transcription  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08692.pdf)
>  We present a self-supervised pre-training approach for learning rich visual language representations for both handwritten and printed historical document transcription. After supervised fine-tuning of our pre-trained encoder representations for low-resource document transcription on two languages, (1) a heterogeneous set of handwritten Islamicate manuscript images and (2) early modern English printed documents, we show a meaningful improvement in recognition accuracy over the same supervised model trained from scratch with as few as 30 line image transcriptions for training. Our masked language model-style pre-training strategy, where the model is trained to be able to identify the true masked visual representation from distractors sampled from within the same line, encourages learning robust contextualized language representations invariant to scribal writing style and printing noise present across documents.      
### 37.Towards Robust Neural Image Compression: Adversarial Attack and Model Finetuning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08691.pdf)
>  Deep neural network based image compression has been extensively studied. Model robustness is largely overlooked, though it is crucial to service enabling. We perform the adversarial attack by injecting a small amount of noise perturbation to original source images, and then encode these adversarial examples using prevailing learnt image compression models. Experiments report severe distortion in the reconstruction of adversarial examples, revealing the general vulnerability of existing methods, regardless of the settings used in underlying compression model (e.g., network architecture, loss function, quality scale) and optimization strategy used for injecting perturbation (e.g., noise threshold, signal distance measurement). Later, we apply the iterative adversarial finetuning to refine pretrained models. In each iteration, random source images and adversarial examples are mixed to update underlying model. Results show the effectiveness of the proposed finetuning strategy by substantially improving the compression model robustness. Overall, our methodology is simple, effective, and generalizable, making it attractive for developing robust learnt image compression solution. All materials have been made publicly accessible at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://njuvision.github.io/RobustNIC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> for reproducible research.      
### 38.META: Mimicking Embedding via oThers' Aggregation for Generalizable Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08684.pdf)
>  Domain generalizable (DG) person re-identification (ReID) aims to test across unseen domains without access to the target domain data at training time, which is a realistic but challenging problem. In contrast to methods assuming an identical model for different domains, Mixture of Experts (MoE) exploits multiple domain-specific networks for leveraging complementary information between domains, obtaining impressive results. However, prior MoE-based DG ReID methods suffer from a large model size with the increase of the number of source domains, and most of them overlook the exploitation of domain-invariant characteristics. To handle the two issues above, this paper presents a new approach called Mimicking Embedding via oThers' Aggregation (META) for DG ReID. To avoid the large model size, experts in META do not add a branch network for each source domain but share all the parameters except for the batch normalization layers. Besides multiple experts, META leverages Instance Normalization (IN) and introduces it into a global branch to pursue invariant features across domains. Meanwhile, META considers the relevance of an unseen target sample and source domains via normalization statistics and develops an aggregation network to adaptively integrate multiple experts for mimicking unseen target domain. Benefiting from a proposed consistency loss and an episodic training algorithm, we can expect META to mimic embedding for a truly unseen target domain. Extensive experiments verify that META surpasses state-of-the-art DG ReID methods by a large margin.      
### 39.Feature Distillation Interaction Weighting Network for Lightweight Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08655.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks based single-image super-resolution (SISR) has made great progress in recent years. However, it is difficult to apply these methods to real-world scenarios due to the computational and memory cost. Meanwhile, how to take full advantage of the intermediate features under the constraints of limited parameters and calculations is also a huge challenge. To alleviate these issues, we propose a lightweight yet efficient Feature Distillation Interaction Weighted Network (FDIWN). Specifically, FDIWN utilizes a series of specially designed Feature Shuffle Weighted Groups (FSWG) as the backbone, and several novel mutual Wide-residual Distillation Interaction Blocks (WDIB) form an FSWG. In addition, Wide Identical Residual Weighting (WIRW) units and Wide Convolutional Residual Weighting (WCRW) units are introduced into WDIB for better feature distillation. Moreover, a Wide-Residual Distillation Connection (WRDC) framework and a Self-Calibration Fusion (SCF) unit are proposed to interact features with different scales more flexibly and efficiently.Extensive experiments show that our FDIWN is superior to other models to strike a good balance between model performance and efficiency. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/IVIPLab/FDIWN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 40.QAHOI: Query-Based Anchors for Human-Object Interaction Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08647.pdf)
>  Human-object interaction (HOI) detection as a downstream of object detection tasks requires localizing pairs of humans and objects and extracting the semantic relationships between humans and objects from an image. Recently, one-stage approaches have become a new trend for this task due to their high efficiency. However, these approaches focus on detecting possible interaction points or filtering human-object pairs, ignoring the variability in the location and size of different objects at spatial scales. To address this problem, we propose a transformer-based method, QAHOI (Query-Based Anchors for Human-Object Interaction detection), which leverages a multi-scale architecture to extract features from different spatial scales and uses query-based anchors to predict all the elements of an HOI instance. We further investigate that a powerful backbone significantly increases accuracy for QAHOI, and QAHOI with a transformer-based backbone outperforms recent state-of-the-art methods by large margins on the HICO-DET benchmark. The source code is available at $\href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cjw2021/QAHOI" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{\text{this https URL}}$.      
### 41.TransZero++: Cross Attribute-Guided Transformer for Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08643.pdf)
>  Zero-shot learning (ZSL) tackles the novel class recognition problem by transferring semantic knowledge from seen classes to unseen ones. Existing attention-based models have struggled to learn inferior region features in a single image by solely using unidirectional attention, which ignore the transferability and discriminative attribute localization of visual features. In this paper, we propose a cross attribute-guided Transformer network, termed TransZero++, to refine visual features and learn accurate attribute localization for semantic-augmented visual embedding representations in ZSL. TransZero++ consists of an attribute$\rightarrow$visual Transformer sub-net (AVT) and a visual$\rightarrow$attribute Transformer sub-net (VAT). Specifically, AVT first takes a feature augmentation encoder to alleviate the cross-dataset problem, and improves the transferability of visual features by reducing the entangled relative geometry relationships among region features. Then, an attribute$\rightarrow$visual decoder is employed to localize the image regions most relevant to each attribute in a given image for attribute-based visual feature representations. Analogously, VAT uses the similar feature augmentation encoder to refine the visual features, which are further applied in visual$\rightarrow$attribute decoder to learn visual-based attribute features. By further introducing semantical collaborative losses, the two attribute-guided transformers teach each other to learn semantic-augmented visual embeddings via semantical collaborative learning. Extensive experiments show that TransZero++ achieves the new state-of-the-art results on three challenging ZSL benchmarks. The codes are available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/shiming-chen/TransZero_pp" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 42.Road-aware Monocular Structure from Motion and Homography Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08635.pdf)
>  Structure from motion (SFM) and ground plane homography estimation are critical to autonomous driving and other robotics applications. Recently, much progress has been made in using deep neural networks for SFM and homography estimation respectively. However, directly applying existing methods for ground plane homography estimation may fail because the road is often a small part of the scene. Besides, the performances of deep SFM approaches are still inferior to traditional methods. In this paper, we propose a method that learns to solve both problems in an end-to-end manner, improving performance on both. The proposed networks consist of a Depth-CNN, a Pose-CNN and a Ground-CNN. The Depth-CNN and Pose-CNN estimate dense depth map and ego-motion respectively, solving SFM, while the Pose-CNN and Ground-CNN followed by a homography layer solve the ground plane estimation problem. By enforcing coherency between SFM and homography estimation results, the whole network can be trained end to end using photometric loss and homography loss without any groundtruth except the road segmentation provided by an off-the-shelf segmenter. Comprehensive experiments are conducted on KITTI benchmark to demonstrate promising results compared with various state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 43.Analysis and Evaluation of Kinect-based Action Recognition Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08626.pdf)
>  Human action recognition still exists many challenging problems such as different viewpoints, occlusion, lighting conditions, human body size and the speed of action execution, although it has been widely used in different areas. To tackle these challenges, the Kinect depth sensor has been developed to record real time depth sequences, which are insensitive to the color of human clothes and illumination conditions. Many methods on recognizing human action have been reported in the literature such as HON4D, HOPC, RBD and HDG, which use the 4D surface normals, pointclouds, skeleton-based model and depth gradients respectively to capture discriminative information from depth videos or skeleton data. In this research project, the performance of four aforementioned algorithms will be analyzed and evaluated using five benchmark datasets, which cover challenging issues such as noise, change of viewpoints, background clutters and occlusions. We also implemented and improved the HDG algorithm, and applied it in cross-view action recognition using the UWA3D Multiview Activity dataset. Moreover, we used different combinations of individual feature vectors in HDG for performance evaluation. The experimental results show that our improvement of HDG outperforms other three state-of-the-art algorithms for cross-view action recognition.      
### 44.Frequency Spectrum Augmentation Consistency for Domain Adaptive Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08605.pdf)
>  Domain adaptive object detection (DAOD) aims to improve the generalization ability of detectors when the training and test data are from different domains. Considering the significant domain gap, some typical methods, e.g., CycleGAN-based methods, adopt the intermediate domain to bridge the source and target domains progressively. However, the CycleGAN-based intermediate domain lacks the pix- or instance-level supervision for object detection, which leads to semantic differences. To address this problem, in this paper, we introduce a Frequency Spectrum Augmentation Consistency (FSAC) framework with four different low-frequency filter operations. In this way, we can obtain a series of augmented data as the intermediate domain. Concretely, we propose a two-stage optimization framework. In the first stage, we utilize all the original and augmented source data to train an object detector. In the second stage, augmented source and target data with pseudo labels are adopted to perform the self-training for prediction consistency. And a teacher model optimized using Mean Teacher is used to further revise the pseudo labels. In the experiment, we evaluate our method on the single- and compound- target DAOD separately, which demonstrate the effectiveness of our method.      
### 45.Use Image Clustering to Facilitate Technology Assisted Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08604.pdf)
>  During the past decade breakthroughs in GPU hardware and deep neural networks technologies have revolutionized the field of computer vision, making image analytical potentials accessible to a range of real-world applications. Technology Assisted Review (TAR) in electronic discovery though traditionally has dominantly dealt with textual content, is witnessing a rising need to incorporate multimedia content in the scope. We have developed innovative image analytics applications for TAR in the past years, such as image classification, image clustering, and object detection, etc. In this paper, we discuss the use of image clustering applications to facilitate TAR based on our experiences in serving clients. We describe our general workflow on leveraging image clustering in tasks and use statistics from real projects to showcase the effectiveness of using image clustering in TAR. We also summarize lessons learned and best practices on using image clustering in TAR.      
### 46.FIgLib &amp; SmokeyNet: Dataset and Deep Learning Model for Real-Time Wildland Fire Smoke Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08598.pdf)
>  The size and frequency of wildland fires in the western United States have dramatically increased in recent years. On high fire-risk days, a small fire ignition can rapidly grow and get out of control. Early detection of fire ignitions from initial smoke can assist the response to such fires before they become difficult to manage. Past deep learning approaches for wildfire smoke detection have suffered from small or unreliable datasets that make it difficult to extrapolate performance to real-world scenarios. In this work, we present the Fire Ignition Library (FIgLib), a publicly-available dataset of nearly 25,000 labeled wildfire smoke images as seen from fixed-view cameras deployed in Southern California. We also introduce SmokeyNet, a novel deep learning architecture using spatio-temporal information from camera imagery for real-time wildfire smoke detection. When trained on the FIgLib dataset, SmokeyNet outperforms comparable baselines and rivals human performance. We hope that the availability of the FIgLib dataset and the SmokeyNet architecture will inspire further research into deep learning methods for wildfire smoke detection, leading to automated notification systems that reduce the time to wildfire response.      
### 47.Twitter-COMMs: Detecting Climate, COVID, and Military Multimodal Misinformation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08594.pdf)
>  Detecting out-of-context media, such as "miscaptioned" images on Twitter, often requires detecting inconsistencies between the two modalities. This paper describes our approach to the Image-Text Inconsistency Detection challenge of the DARPA Semantic Forensics (SemaFor) Program. First, we collect Twitter-COMMs, a large-scale multimodal dataset with 884k tweets relevant to the topics of Climate Change, COVID-19, and Military Vehicles. We train our approach, based on the state-of-the-art CLIP model, leveraging automatically generated random and hard negatives. Our method is then tested on a hidden human-generated evaluation set. We achieve the best result on the program leaderboard, with 11% detection improvement in a high precision regime over a zero-shot CLIP baseline.      
### 48.SGEITL: Scene Graph Enhanced Image-Text Learning for Visual Commonsense Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08587.pdf)
>  Answering complex questions about images is an ambitious goal for machine intelligence, which requires a joint understanding of images, text, and commonsense knowledge, as well as a strong reasoning ability. Recently, multimodal Transformers have made great progress in the task of Visual Commonsense Reasoning (VCR), by jointly understanding visual objects and text tokens through layers of cross-modality attention. However, these approaches do not utilize the rich structure of the scene and the interactions between objects which are essential in answering complex commonsense questions. We propose a Scene Graph Enhanced Image-Text Learning (SGEITL) framework to incorporate visual scene graphs in commonsense reasoning. To exploit the scene graph structure, at the model structure level, we propose a multihop graph transformer for regularizing attention interaction among hops. As for pre-training, a scene-graph-aware pre-training method is proposed to leverage structure knowledge extracted in the visual scene graph. Moreover, we introduce a method to train and generate domain-relevant visual scene graphs using textual annotations in a weakly-supervised manner. Extensive experiments on VCR and other tasks show a significant performance boost compared with the state-of-the-art methods and prove the efficacy of each proposed component.      
### 49.UMAD: Universal Model Adaptation under Domain and Category Shift  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08553.pdf)
>  Learning to reject unknown samples (not present in the source classes) in the target domain is fairly important for unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA). There exist two typical UDA scenarios, i.e., open-set, and open-partial-set, and the latter assumes that not all source classes appear in the target domain. However, most prior methods are designed for one UDA scenario and always perform badly on the other UDA scenario. Moreover, they also require the labeled source data during adaptation, limiting their usability in data privacy-sensitive applications. To address these issues, this paper proposes a Universal Model ADaptation (UMAD) framework which handles both UDA scenarios without access to the source data nor prior knowledge about the category shift between domains. Specifically, we aim to learn a source model with an elegantly designed two-head classifier and provide it to the target domain. During adaptation, we develop an informative consistency score to help distinguish unknown samples from known samples. To achieve bilateral adaptation in the target domain, we further maximize localized mutual information to align known samples with the source classifier and employ an entropic loss to push unknown samples far away from the source classification boundary, respectively. Experiments on open-set and open-partial-set UDA scenarios demonstrate that UMAD, as a unified approach without access to source data, exhibits comparable, if not superior, performance to state-of-the-art data-dependent methods.      
### 50.Implicit Neural Representations for Deconvolving SAS Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08539.pdf)
>  Synthetic aperture sonar (SAS) image resolution is constrained by waveform bandwidth and array geometry. Specifically, the waveform bandwidth determines a point spread function (PSF) that blurs the locations of point scatterers in the scene. In theory, deconvolving the reconstructed SAS image with the scene PSF restores the original distribution of scatterers and yields sharper reconstructions. However, deconvolution is an ill-posed operation that is highly sensitive to noise. In this work, we leverage implicit neural representations (INRs), shown to be strong priors for the natural image space, to deconvolve SAS images. Importantly, our method does not require training data, as we perform our deconvolution through an analysis-bysynthesis optimization in a self-supervised fashion. We validate our method on simulated SAS data created with a point scattering model and real data captured with an in-air circular SAS. This work is an important first step towards applying neural networks for SAS image deconvolution.      
### 51.Predicting Levels of Household Electricity Consumption in Low-Access Settings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08497.pdf)
>  In low-income settings, the most critical piece of information for electric utilities is the anticipated consumption of a customer. Electricity consumption assessment is difficult to do in settings where a significant fraction of households do not yet have an electricity connection. In such settings the absolute levels of anticipated consumption can range from 5-100 kWh/month, leading to high variability amongst these customers. Precious resources are at stake if a significant fraction of low consumers are connected over those with higher consumption. <br>This is the first study of it's kind in low-income settings that attempts to predict a building's consumption and not that of an aggregate administrative area. We train a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) over pre-electrification daytime satellite imagery with a sample of utility bills from 20,000 geo-referenced electricity customers in Kenya (0.01% of Kenya's residential customers). This is made possible with a two-stage approach that uses a novel building segmentation approach to leverage much larger volumes of no-cost satellite imagery to make the most of scarce and expensive customer data. Our method shows that competitive accuracies can be achieved at the building level, addressing the challenge of consumption variability. This work shows that the building's characteristics and it's surrounding context are both important in predicting consumption levels. We also evaluate the addition of lower resolution geospatial datasets into the training process, including nighttime lights and census-derived data. The results are already helping inform site selection and distribution-level planning, through granular predictions at the level of individual structures in Kenya and there is no reason this cannot be extended to other countries.      
### 52.StyleMC: Multi-Channel Based Fast Text-Guided Image Generation and Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08493.pdf)
>  Discovering meaningful directions in the latent space of GANs to manipulate semantic attributes typically requires large amounts of labeled data. Recent work aims to overcome this limitation by leveraging the power of Contrastive Language-Image Pre-training (CLIP), a joint text-image model. While promising, these methods require several hours of preprocessing or training to achieve the desired manipulations. In this paper, we present StyleMC, a fast and efficient method for text-driven image generation and manipulation. StyleMC uses a CLIP-based loss and an identity loss to manipulate images via a single text prompt without significantly affecting other attributes. Unlike prior work, StyleMC requires only a few seconds of training per text prompt to find stable global directions, does not require prompt engineering and can be used with any pre-trained StyleGAN2 model. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method and compare it to state-of-the-art methods. Our code can be found at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://catlab-team.github.io/stylemc" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 53.Rethinking Nearest Neighbors for Visual Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08459.pdf)
>  Neural network classifiers have become the de-facto choice for current "pre-train then fine-tune" paradigms of visual classification. In this paper, we investigate $k$-Nearest-Neighbor (k-NN) classifiers, a classical model-free learning method from the pre-deep learning era, as an augmentation to modern neural network based approaches. As a lazy learning method, k-NN simply aggregates the distance between the test image and top-k neighbors in a training set. We adopt k-NN with pre-trained visual representations produced by either supervised or self-supervised methods in two steps: (1) Leverage k-NN predicted probabilities as indications for easy \vs~hard examples during training. (2) Linearly interpolate the k-NN predicted distribution with that of the augmented classifier. Via extensive experiments on a wide range of classification tasks, our study reveals the generality and flexibility of k-NN integration with additional insights: (1) k-NN achieves competitive results, sometimes even outperforming a standard linear classifier. (2) Incorporating k-NN is especially beneficial for tasks where parametric classifiers perform poorly and / or in low-data regimes. We hope these discoveries will encourage people to rethink the role of pre-deep learning, classical methods in computer vision. Our code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/KMnP/nn-revisit" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 54.Dense Video Captioning Using Unsupervised Semantic Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08455.pdf)
>  We introduce a method to learn unsupervised semantic visual information based on the premise that complex events (e.g., minutes) can be decomposed into simpler events (e.g., a few seconds), and that these simple events are shared across several complex events. We split a long video into short frame sequences to extract their latent representation with three-dimensional convolutional neural networks. A clustering method is used to group representations producing a visual codebook (i.e., a long video is represented by a sequence of integers given by the cluster labels). A dense representation is learned by encoding the co-occurrence probability matrix for the codebook entries. We demonstrate how this representation can leverage the performance of the dense video captioning task in a scenario with only visual features. As a result of this approach, we are able to replace the audio signal in the Bi-Modal Transformer (BMT) method and produce temporal proposals with comparable performance. Furthermore, we concatenate the visual signal with our descriptor in a vanilla transformer method to achieve state-of-the-art performance in captioning compared to the methods that explore only visual features, as well as a competitive performance with multi-modal methods. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/valterlej/dvcusi" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 55.Positional Encoding Augmented GAN for the Assessment of Wind Flow for Pedestrian Comfort in Urban Areas  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08447.pdf)
>  Approximating wind flows using computational fluid dynamics (CFD) methods can be time-consuming. Creating a tool for interactively designing prototypes while observing the wind flow change requires simpler models to simulate faster. Instead of running numerical approximations resulting in detailed calculations, data-driven methods in deep learning might be able to give similar results in a fraction of the time. This work rephrases the problem from computing 3D flow fields using CFD to a 2D image-to-image translation-based problem on the building footprints to predict the flow field at pedestrian height level. We investigate the use of generative adversarial networks (GAN), such as Pix2Pix [1] and CycleGAN [2] representing state-of-the-art for image-to-image translation task in various domains as well as U-Net autoencoder [3]. The models can learn the underlying distribution of a dataset in a data-driven manner, which we argue can help the model learn the underlying Reynolds-averaged Navier-Stokes (RANS) equations from CFD. We experiment on novel simulated datasets on various three-dimensional bluff-shaped buildings with and without height information. Moreover, we present an extensive qualitative and quantitative evaluation of the generated images for a selection of models and compare their performance with the simulations delivered by CFD. We then show that adding positional data to the input can produce more accurate results by proposing a general framework for injecting such information on the different architectures. Furthermore, we show that the models performances improve by applying attention mechanisms and spectral normalization to facilitate stable training.      
### 56.Towards Robust Real-time Audio-Visual Speech Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09060.pdf)
>  The human brain contextually exploits heterogeneous sensory information to efficiently perform cognitive tasks including vision and hearing. For example, during the cocktail party situation, the human auditory cortex contextually integrates audio-visual (AV) cues in order to better perceive speech. Recent studies have shown that AV speech enhancement (SE) models can significantly improve speech quality and intelligibility in very low signal to noise ratio (SNR) environments as compared to audio-only SE models. However, despite significant research in the area of AV SE, development of real-time processing models with low latency remains a formidable technical challenge. In this paper, we present a novel framework for low latency speaker-independent AV SE that can generalise on a range of visual and acoustic noises. In particular, a generative adversarial networks (GAN) is proposed to address the practical issue of visual imperfections in AV SE. In addition, we propose a deep neural network based real-time AV SE model that takes into account the cleaned visual speech output from GAN to deliver more robust SE. The proposed framework is evaluated on synthetic and real noisy AV corpora using objective speech quality and intelligibility metrics and subjective listing tests. Comparative simulation results show that our real time AV SE framework outperforms state-of-the-art SE approaches, including recent DNN based SE models.      
### 57.Classification of diffraction patterns using a convolutional neural network in single particle imaging experiments performed at X-ray free-electron lasers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09020.pdf)
>  Single particle imaging (SPI) at X-ray free electron lasers (XFELs) is particularly well suited to determine the 3D structure of particles in their native environment. For a successful reconstruction, diffraction patterns originating from a single hit must be isolated from a large number of acquired patterns. We propose to formulate this task as an image classification problem and solve it using convolutional neural network (CNN) architectures. Two CNN configurations are developed: one that maximises the F1-score and one that emphasises high recall. We also combine the CNNs with expectation maximization (EM) selection as well as size filtering. We observed that our CNN selections have lower contrast in power spectral density functions relative to the EM selection, used in our previous work. However, the reconstruction of our CNN-based selections gives similar results. Introducing CNNs into SPI experiments allows streamlining the reconstruction pipeline, enables researchers to classify patterns on the fly, and, as a consequence, enables them to tightly control the duration of their experiments. We think that bringing non-standard artificial intelligence (AI) based solutions in a well-described SPI analysis workflow may be beneficial for the future development of the SPI experiments.      
### 58.Connecting the Dots between Audio and Text without Parallel Data through Visual Knowledge Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08995.pdf)
>  Machines that can represent and describe environmental soundscapes have practical potential, e.g., for audio tagging and captioning systems. Prevailing learning paradigms have been relying on parallel audio-text data, which is, however, scarcely available on the web. We propose VIP-ANT that induces \textbf{A}udio-\textbf{T}ext alignment without using any parallel audio-text data. Our key idea is to share the image modality between bi-modal image-text representations and bi-modal image-audio representations; the image modality functions as a pivot and connects audio and text in a tri-modal embedding space implicitly. <br>In a difficult zero-shot setting with no paired audio-text data, our model demonstrates state-of-the-art zero-shot performance on the ESC50 and US8K audio classification tasks, and even surpasses the supervised state of the art for Clotho caption retrieval (with audio queries) by 2.2\% R@1. We further investigate cases of minimal audio-text supervision, finding that, e.g., just a few hundred supervised audio-text pairs increase the zero-shot audio classification accuracy by 8\% on US8K. However, to match human parity on some zero-shot tasks, our empirical scaling experiments suggest that we would need about $2^{21} \approx 2M$ supervised audio-caption pairs. Our work opens up new avenues for learning audio-text connections with little to no parallel audio-text data.      
### 59.Quality monitoring of federated Covid-19 lesion segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08974.pdf)
>  Federated Learning is the most promising way to train robust Deep Learning models for the segmentation of Covid-19-related findings in chest CTs. By learning in a decentralized fashion, heterogeneous data can be leveraged from a variety of sources and acquisition protocols whilst ensuring patient privacy. It is, however, crucial to continuously monitor the performance of the model. Yet when it comes to the segmentation of diffuse lung lesions, a quick visual inspection is not enough to assess the quality, and thorough monitoring of all network outputs by expert radiologists is not feasible. In this work, we present an array of lightweight metrics that can be calculated locally in each hospital and then aggregated for central monitoring of a federated system. Our linear model detects over 70% of low-quality segmentations on an out-of-distribution dataset and thus reliably signals a decline in model performance.      
### 60.Automated segmentation of 3-D body composition on computed tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08968.pdf)
>  Purpose: To develop and validate a computer tool for automatic and simultaneous segmentation of body composition depicted on computed tomography (CT) scans for the following tissues: visceral adipose (VAT), subcutaneous adipose (SAT), intermuscular adipose (IMAT), skeletal muscle (SM), and bone. <br>Approach: A cohort of 100 CT scans acquired from The Cancer Imaging Archive (TCIA) was used - 50 whole-body positron emission tomography (PET)-CTs, 25 chest, and 25 abdominal. Five different body compositions were manually annotated (VAT, SAT, IMAT, SM, and bone). A training-while-annotating strategy was used for efficiency. The UNet model was trained using the already annotated cases. Then, this model was used to enable semi-automatic annotation for the remaining cases. The 10-fold cross-validation method was used to develop and validate the performance of several convolutional neural networks (CNNs), including UNet, Recurrent Residual UNet (R2Unet), and UNet++. A 3-D patch sampling operation was used when training the CNN models. The separately trained CNN models were tested to see if they could achieve a better performance than segmenting them jointly. Paired-samples t-test was used to test for statistical significance. <br>Results: Among the three CNN models, UNet demonstrated the best overall performance in jointly segmenting the five body compositions with a Dice coefficient of 0.840+/-0.091, 0.908+/-0.067, 0.603+/-0.084, 0.889+/-0.027, and 0.884+/-0.031, and a Jaccard index of 0.734+/-0.119, 0.837+/-0.096, 0.437+/-0.082, 0.800+/-0.042, 0.793+/-0.049, respectively for VAT, SAT, IMAT, SM, and bone. <br>Conclusion: There were no significant differences among the CNN models in segmenting body composition, but jointly segmenting body compositions achieved a better performance than segmenting them separately.      
### 61.Multi-Camera LiDAR Inertial Extension to the Newer College Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08854.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a multi-camera LiDAR inertial dataset of 4.5km walking distance as an expansion to the Newer College Dataset. The global shutter multi-camera device is hardware synchronized with the IMU and the LiDAR. This dataset also provides six Degrees of Freedom (DoF) ground truth poses, at the LiDAR frequency of 10hz. Three data collections are described and example usage of multi-camera visual-inertial odometry is demonstrated. This expansion dataset contains small and narrow passages, large scale open spaces as well as vegetated areas to test localization and mapping systems. Furthermore, some sequences present challenging situations such as abrupt lighting change, textureless surfaces, and aggressive motion. The dataset is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ori-drs.github.io/newer-college-dataset" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 62.Classification Under Ambiguity: When Is Average-K Better Than Top-K?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08851.pdf)
>  When many labels are possible, choosing a single one can lead to low precision. A common alternative, referred to as top-$K$ classification, is to choose some number $K$ (commonly around 5) and to return the $K$ labels with the highest scores. Unfortunately, for unambiguous cases, $K&gt;1$ is too many and, for very ambiguous cases, $K \leq 5$ (for example) can be too small. An alternative sensible strategy is to use an adaptive approach in which the number of labels returned varies as a function of the computed ambiguity, but must average to some particular $K$ over all the samples. We denote this alternative average-$K$ classification. This paper formally characterizes the ambiguity profile when average-$K$ classification can achieve a lower error rate than a fixed top-$K$ classification. Moreover, it provides natural estimation procedures for both the fixed-size and the adaptive classifier and proves their consistency. Finally, it reports experiments on real-world image data sets revealing the benefit of average-$K$ classification over top-$K$ in practice. Overall, when the ambiguity is known precisely, average-$K$ is never worse than top-$K$, and, in our experiments, when it is estimated, this also holds.      
### 63.Improving Unsupervised Stain-To-Stain Translation using Self-Supervision and Meta-Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08837.pdf)
>  In digital pathology, many image analysis tasks are challenged by the need for large and time-consuming manual data annotations to cope with various sources of variability in the image domain. Unsupervised domain adaptation based on image-to-image translation is gaining importance in this field by addressing variabilities without the manual overhead. Here, we tackle the variation of different histological stains by unsupervised stain-to-stain translation to enable a stain-independent applicability of a deep learning segmentation model. We use CycleGANs for stain-to-stain translation in kidney histopathology, and propose two novel approaches to improve translational effectivity. First, we integrate a prior segmentation network into the CycleGAN for a self-supervised, application-oriented optimization of translation through semantic guidance, and second, we incorporate extra channels to the translation output to implicitly separate artificial meta-information otherwise encoded for tackling underdetermined reconstructions. The latter showed partially superior performances to the unmodified CycleGAN, but the former performed best in all stains providing instance-level Dice scores ranging between 78% and 92% for most kidney structures, such as glomeruli, tubules, and veins. However, CycleGANs showed only limited performance in the translation of other structures, e.g. arteries. Our study also found somewhat lower performance for all structures in all stains when compared to segmentation in the original stain. Our study suggests that with current unsupervised technologies, it seems unlikely to produce generally applicable fake stains.      
### 64.Adaptation and Attention for Neural Video Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08767.pdf)
>  Neural image coding represents now the state-of-the-art image compression approach. However, a lot of work is still to be done in the video domain. In this work, we propose an end-to-end learned video codec that introduces several architectural novelties as well as training novelties, revolving around the concepts of adaptation and attention. Our codec is organized as an intra-frame codec paired with an inter-frame codec. As one architectural novelty, we propose to train the inter-frame codec model to adapt the motion estimation process based on the resolution of the input video. A second architectural novelty is a new neural block that combines concepts from split-attention based neural networks and from DenseNets. Finally, we propose to overfit a set of decoder-side multiplicative parameters at inference time. Through ablation studies and comparisons to prior art, we show the benefits of our proposed techniques in terms of coding gains. We compare our codec to VVC/H.266 and RLVC, which represent the state-of-the-art traditional and end-to-end learned codecs, respectively, and to the top performing end-to-end learned approach in 2021 CLIC competition, E2E_T_OL. Our codec clearly outperforms E2E_T_OL, and compare favorably to VVC and RLVC in some settings.      
### 65.Distilled Dual-Encoder Model for Vision-Language Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08723.pdf)
>  We propose a cross-modal attention distillation framework to train a dual-encoder model for vision-language understanding tasks, such as visual reasoning and visual question answering. Dual-encoder models have a faster inference speed than fusion-encoder models and enable the pre-computation of images and text during inference. However, the shallow interaction module used in dual-encoder models is insufficient to handle complex vision-language understanding tasks. In order to learn deep interactions of images and text, we introduce cross-modal attention distillation, which uses the image-to-text and text-to-image attention distributions of a fusion-encoder model to guide the training of our dual-encoder model. In addition, we show that applying the cross-modal attention distillation for both pre-training and fine-tuning stages achieves further improvements. Experimental results demonstrate that the distilled dual-encoder model achieves competitive performance for visual reasoning, visual entailment and visual question answering tasks while enjoying a much faster inference speed than fusion-encoder models. Our code and models will be publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kugwzk/Distilled-DualEncoder" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 66.Learning to Prompt for Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08654.pdf)
>  The mainstream paradigm behind continual learning has been to adapt the model parameters to non-stationary data distributions, where catastrophic forgetting is the central challenge. Typical methods rely on a rehearsal buffer or known task identity at test time to retrieve learned knowledge and address forgetting, while this work presents a new paradigm for continual learning that aims to train a more succinct memory system without accessing task identity at test time. Our method learns to dynamically prompt (L2P) a pre-trained model to learn tasks sequentially under different task transitions. In our proposed framework, prompts are small learnable parameters, which are maintained in a memory space. The objective is to optimize prompts to instruct the model prediction and explicitly manage task-invariant and task-specific knowledge while maintaining model plasticity. We conduct comprehensive experiments under popular image classification benchmarks with different challenging continual learning settings, where L2P consistently outperforms prior state-of-the-art methods. Surprisingly, L2P achieves competitive results against rehearsal-based methods even without a rehearsal buffer and is directly applicable to challenging task-agnostic continual learning. Source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/google-research/l2p" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 67.A comparative study of paired versus unpaired deep learning methods for physically enhancing digital rock image resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08644.pdf)
>  X-ray micro-computed tomography (micro-CT) has been widely leveraged to characterise pore-scale geometry in subsurface porous rock. Recent developments in super resolution (SR) methods using deep learning allow the digital enhancement of low resolution (LR) images over large spatial scales, creating SR images comparable to the high resolution (HR) ground truth. This circumvents traditional resolution and field-of-view trade-offs. An outstanding issue is the use of paired (registered) LR and HR data, which is often required in the training step of such methods but is difficult to obtain. In this work, we rigorously compare two different state-of-the-art SR deep learning techniques, using both paired and unpaired data, with like-for-like ground truth data. The first approach requires paired images to train a convolutional neural network (CNN) while the second approach uses unpaired images to train a generative adversarial network (GAN). The two approaches are compared using a micro-CT carbonate rock sample with complicated micro-porous textures. We implemented various image based and numerical verifications and experimental validation to quantitatively evaluate the physical accuracy and sensitivities of the two methods. Our quantitative results show that unpaired GAN approach can reconstruct super-resolution images as precise as paired CNN method, with comparable training times and dataset requirement. This unlocks new applications for micro-CT image enhancement using unpaired deep learning methods; image registration is no longer needed during the data processing stage. Decoupled images from data storage platforms can be exploited more efficiently to train networks for SR digital rock applications. This opens up a new pathway for various applications of multi-scale flow simulation in heterogeneous porous media.      
### 68.Visualizing the Loss Landscape of Winning Lottery Tickets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08538.pdf)
>  The underlying loss landscapes of deep neural networks have a great impact on their training, but they have mainly been studied theoretically due to computational constraints. This work vastly reduces the time required to compute such loss landscapes, and uses them to study winning lottery tickets found via iterative magnitude pruning. We also share results that contradict previously claimed correlations between certain loss landscape projection methods and model trainability and generalization error.      
### 69.Insta-VAX: A Multimodal Benchmark for Anti-Vaccine and Misinformation Posts Detection on Social Media  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08470.pdf)
>  Sharing of anti-vaccine posts on social media, including misinformation posts, has been shown to create confusion and reduce the publics confidence in vaccines, leading to vaccine hesitancy and resistance. Recent years have witnessed the fast rise of such anti-vaccine posts in a variety of linguistic and visual forms in online networks, posing a great challenge for effective content moderation and tracking. Extending previous work on leveraging textual information to understand vaccine information, this paper presents Insta-VAX, a new multi-modal dataset consisting of a sample of 64,957 Instagram posts related to human vaccines. We applied a crowdsourced annotation procedure verified by two trained expert judges to this dataset. We then bench-marked several state-of-the-art NLP and computer vision classifiers to detect whether the posts show anti-vaccine attitude and whether they contain misinformation. Extensive experiments and analyses demonstrate the multimodal models can classify the posts more accurately than the uni-modal models, but still need improvement especially on visual context understanding and external knowledge cooperation. The dataset and classifiers contribute to monitoring and tracking of vaccine discussions for social scientific and public health efforts in combating the problem of vaccine misinformation.      
### 70.Lifelong Generative Modelling Using Dynamic Expansion Graph Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08370.pdf)
>  Variational Autoencoders (VAEs) suffer from degenerated performance, when learning several successive tasks. This is caused by catastrophic forgetting. In order to address the knowledge loss, VAEs are using either Generative Replay (GR) mechanisms or Expanding Network Architectures (ENA). In this paper we study the forgetting behaviour of VAEs using a joint GR and ENA methodology, by deriving an upper bound on the negative marginal log-likelihood. This theoretical analysis provides new insights into how VAEs forget the previously learnt knowledge during lifelong learning. The analysis indicates the best performance achieved when considering model mixtures, under the ENA framework, where there are no restrictions on the number of components. However, an ENA-based approach may require an excessive number of parameters. This motivates us to propose a novel Dynamic Expansion Graph Model (DEGM). DEGM expands its architecture, according to the novelty associated with each new databases, when compared to the information already learnt by the network from previous tasks. DEGM training optimizes knowledge structuring, characterizing the joint probabilistic representations corresponding to the past and more recently learned tasks. We demonstrate that DEGM guarantees optimal performance for each task while also minimizing the required number of parameters. Supplementary materials (SM) and source code are available in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dtuzi123/Expansion-Graph-Model" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 71.Performance or Trust? Why Not Both. Deep AUC Maximization with Self-Supervised Learning for COVID-19 Chest X-ray Classifications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08363.pdf)
>  Effective representation learning is the key in improving model performance for medical image analysis. In training deep learning models, a compromise often must be made between performance and trust, both of which are essential for medical applications. Moreover, models optimized with cross-entropy loss tend to suffer from unwarranted overconfidence in the majority class and over-cautiousness in the minority class. In this work, we integrate a new surrogate loss with self-supervised learning for computer-aided screening of COVID-19 patients using radiography images. In addition, we adopt a new quantification score to measure a model's trustworthiness. Ablation study is conducted for both the performance and the trust on feature learning methods and loss functions. Comparisons show that leveraging the new surrogate loss on self-supervised models can produce label-efficient networks that are both high-performing and trustworthy.      
