# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 10 Dec 2021
### 1.GAN-Supervised Dense Visual Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05143.pdf)
>  We propose GAN-Supervised Learning, a framework for learning discriminative models and their GAN-generated training data jointly end-to-end. We apply our framework to the dense visual alignment problem. Inspired by the classic Congealing method, our GANgealing algorithm trains a Spatial Transformer to map random samples from a GAN trained on unaligned data to a common, jointly-learned target mode. We show results on eight datasets, all of which demonstrate our method successfully aligns complex data and discovers dense correspondences. GANgealing significantly outperforms past self-supervised correspondence algorithms and performs on-par with (and sometimes exceeds) state-of-the-art supervised correspondence algorithms on several datasets -- without making use of any correspondence supervision or data augmentation and despite being trained exclusively on GAN-generated data. For precise correspondence, we improve upon state-of-the-art supervised methods by as much as $3\times$. We show applications of our method for augmented reality, image editing and automated pre-processing of image datasets for downstream GAN training.      
### 2.HairCLIP: Design Your Hair by Text and Reference Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05142.pdf)
>  Hair editing is an interesting and challenging problem in computer vision and graphics. Many existing methods require well-drawn sketches or masks as conditional inputs for editing, however these interactions are neither straightforward nor efficient. In order to free users from the tedious interaction process, this paper proposes a new hair editing interaction mode, which enables manipulating hair attributes individually or jointly based on the texts or reference images provided by users. For this purpose, we encode the image and text conditions in a shared embedding space and propose a unified hair editing framework by leveraging the powerful image text representation capability of the Contrastive Language-Image Pre-Training (CLIP) model. With the carefully designed network structures and loss functions, our framework can perform high-quality hair editing in a disentangled manner. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of our approach in terms of manipulation accuracy, visual realism of editing results, and irrelevant attribute preservation. Project repo is <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wty-ustc/HairCLIP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.Exploring the Equivalence of Siamese Self-Supervised Learning via A Unified Gradient Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05141.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning has shown its great potential to extract powerful visual representations without human annotations. Various works are proposed to deal with self-supervised learning from different perspectives: (1) contrastive learning methods (e.g., MoCo, SimCLR) utilize both positive and negative samples to guide the training direction; (2) asymmetric network methods (e.g., BYOL, SimSiam) get rid of negative samples via the introduction of a predictor network and the stop-gradient operation; (3) feature decorrelation methods (e.g., Barlow Twins, VICReg) instead aim to reduce the redundancy between feature dimensions. These methods appear to be quite different in the designed loss functions from various motivations. The final accuracy numbers also vary, where different networks and tricks are utilized in different works. In this work, we demonstrate that these methods can be unified into the same form. Instead of comparing their loss functions, we derive a unified formula through gradient analysis. Furthermore, we conduct fair and detailed experiments to compare their performances. It turns out that there is little gap between these methods, and the use of momentum encoder is the key factor to boost performance. From this unified framework, we propose UniGrad, a simple but effective gradient form for self-supervised learning. It does not require a memory bank or a predictor network, but can still achieve state-of-the-art performance and easily adopt other training strategies. Extensive experiments on linear evaluation and many downstream tasks also show its effectiveness. Code shall be released.      
### 4.Neural Radiance Fields for Outdoor Scene Relighting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05140.pdf)
>  Photorealistic editing of outdoor scenes from photographs requires a profound understanding of the image formation process and an accurate estimation of the scene geometry, reflectance and illumination. A delicate manipulation of the lighting can then be performed while keeping the scene albedo and geometry unaltered. We present NeRF-OSR, i.e., the first approach for outdoor scene relighting based on neural radiance fields. In contrast to the prior art, our technique allows simultaneous editing of both scene illumination and camera viewpoint using only a collection of outdoor photos shot in uncontrolled settings. Moreover, it enables direct control over the scene illumination, as defined through a spherical harmonics model. It also includes a dedicated network for shadow reproduction, which is crucial for high-quality outdoor scene relighting. To evaluate the proposed method, we collect a new benchmark dataset of several outdoor sites, where each site is photographed from multiple viewpoints and at different timings. For each timing, a 360 degrees environment map is captured together with a colour-calibration chequerboard to allow accurate numerical evaluations on real data against ground truth. Comparisons against state of the art show that NeRF-OSR enables controllable lighting and viewpoint editing at higher quality and with realistic self-shadowing reproduction. Our method and the dataset will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://4dqv.mpi-inf.mpg.de/NeRF-OSR/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.CLIP-NeRF: Text-and-Image Driven Manipulation of Neural Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05139.pdf)
>  We present CLIP-NeRF, a multi-modal 3D object manipulation method for neural radiance fields (NeRF). By leveraging the joint language-image embedding space of the recent Contrastive Language-Image Pre-Training (CLIP) model, we propose a unified framework that allows manipulating NeRF in a user-friendly way, using either a short text prompt or an exemplar image. Specifically, to combine the novel view synthesis capability of NeRF and the controllable manipulation ability of latent representations from generative models, we introduce a disentangled conditional NeRF architecture that allows individual control over both shape and appearance. This is achieved by performing the shape conditioning via applying a learned deformation field to the positional encoding and deferring color conditioning to the volumetric rendering stage. To bridge this disentangled latent representation to the CLIP embedding, we design two code mappers that take a CLIP embedding as input and update the latent codes to reflect the targeted editing. The mappers are trained with a CLIP-based matching loss to ensure the manipulation accuracy. Furthermore, we propose an inverse optimization method that accurately projects an input image to the latent codes for manipulation to enable editing on real images. We evaluate our approach by extensive experiments on a variety of text prompts and exemplar images and also provide an intuitive interface for interactive editing. Our implementation is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://cassiepython.github.io/clipnerf/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 6.Searching Parameterized AP Loss for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05138.pdf)
>  Loss functions play an important role in training deep-network-based object detectors. The most widely used evaluation metric for object detection is Average Precision (AP), which captures the performance of localization and classification sub-tasks simultaneously. However, due to the non-differentiable nature of the AP metric, traditional object detectors adopt separate differentiable losses for the two sub-tasks. Such a mis-alignment issue may well lead to performance degradation. To address this, existing works seek to design surrogate losses for the AP metric manually, which requires expertise and may still be sub-optimal. In this paper, we propose Parameterized AP Loss, where parameterized functions are introduced to substitute the non-differentiable components in the AP calculation. Different AP approximations are thus represented by a family of parameterized functions in a unified formula. Automatic parameter search algorithm is then employed to search for the optimal parameters. Extensive experiments on the COCO benchmark with three different object detectors (i.e., RetinaNet, Faster R-CNN, and Deformable DETR) demonstrate that the proposed Parameterized AP Loss consistently outperforms existing handcrafted losses. Code is released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fundamentalvision/Parameterized-AP-Loss" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.PTR: A Benchmark for Part-based Conceptual, Relational, and Physical Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05136.pdf)
>  A critical aspect of human visual perception is the ability to parse visual scenes into individual objects and further into object parts, forming part-whole hierarchies. Such composite structures could induce a rich set of semantic concepts and relations, thus playing an important role in the interpretation and organization of visual signals as well as for the generalization of visual perception and reasoning. However, existing visual reasoning benchmarks mostly focus on objects rather than parts. Visual reasoning based on the full part-whole hierarchy is much more challenging than object-centric reasoning due to finer-grained concepts, richer geometry relations, and more complex physics. Therefore, to better serve for part-based conceptual, relational and physical reasoning, we introduce a new large-scale diagnostic visual reasoning dataset named PTR. PTR contains around 70k RGBD synthetic images with ground truth object and part level annotations regarding semantic instance segmentation, color attributes, spatial and geometric relationships, and certain physical properties such as stability. These images are paired with 700k machine-generated questions covering various types of reasoning types, making them a good testbed for visual reasoning models. We examine several state-of-the-art visual reasoning models on this dataset and observe that they still make many surprising mistakes in situations where humans can easily infer the correct answer. We believe this dataset will open up new opportunities for part-based reasoning.      
### 8.A Shared Representation for Photorealistic Driving Simulators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05134.pdf)
>  A powerful simulator highly decreases the need for real-world tests when training and evaluating autonomous vehicles. Data-driven simulators flourished with the recent advancement of conditional Generative Adversarial Networks (cGANs), providing high-fidelity images. The main challenge is synthesizing photorealistic images while following given constraints. In this work, we propose to improve the quality of generated images by rethinking the discriminator architecture. The focus is on the class of problems where images are generated given semantic inputs, such as scene segmentation maps or human body poses. We build on successful cGAN models to propose a new semantically-aware discriminator that better guides the generator. We aim to learn a shared latent representation that encodes enough information to jointly do semantic segmentation, content reconstruction, along with a coarse-to-fine grained adversarial reasoning. The achieved improvements are generic and simple enough to be applied to any architecture of conditional image synthesis. We demonstrate the strength of our method on the scene, building, and human synthesis tasks across three different datasets. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/vita-epfl/SemDisc" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 9.Spatio-temporal Relation Modeling for Few-shot Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05132.pdf)
>  We propose a novel few-shot action recognition framework, STRM, which enhances class-specific feature discriminability while simultaneously learning higher-order temporal representations. The focus of our approach is a novel spatio-temporal enrichment module that aggregates spatial and temporal contexts with dedicated local patch-level and global frame-level feature enrichment sub-modules. Local patch-level enrichment captures the appearance-based characteristics of actions. On the other hand, global frame-level enrichment explicitly encodes the broad temporal context, thereby capturing the relevant object features over time. The resulting spatio-temporally enriched representations are then utilized to learn the relational matching between query and support action sub-sequences. We further introduce a query-class similarity classifier on the patch-level enriched features to enhance class-specific feature discriminability by reinforcing the feature learning at different stages in the proposed framework. Experiments are performed on four few-shot action recognition benchmarks: Kinetics, SSv2, HMDB51 and UCF101. Our extensive ablation study reveals the benefits of the proposed contributions. Furthermore, our approach sets a new state-of-the-art on all four benchmarks. On the challenging SSv2 benchmark, our approach achieves an absolute gain of 3.5% in classification accuracy, as compared to the best existing method in the literature. Our code and models will be publicly released.      
### 10.Plenoxels: Radiance Fields without Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05131.pdf)
>  We introduce Plenoxels (plenoptic voxels), a system for photorealistic view synthesis. Plenoxels represent a scene as a sparse 3D grid with spherical harmonics. This representation can be optimized from calibrated images via gradient methods and regularization without any neural components. On standard, benchmark tasks, Plenoxels are optimized two orders of magnitude faster than Neural Radiance Fields with no loss in visual quality.      
### 11.Multimodal Conditional Image Synthesis with Product-of-Experts GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05130.pdf)
>  Existing conditional image synthesis frameworks generate images based on user inputs in a single modality, such as text, segmentation, sketch, or style reference. They are often unable to leverage multimodal user inputs when available, which reduces their practicality. To address this limitation, we propose the Product-of-Experts Generative Adversarial Networks (PoE-GAN) framework, which can synthesize images conditioned on multiple input modalities or any subset of them, even the empty set. PoE-GAN consists of a product-of-experts generator and a multimodal multiscale projection discriminator. Through our carefully designed training scheme, PoE-GAN learns to synthesize images with high quality and diversity. Besides advancing the state of the art in multimodal conditional image synthesis, PoE-GAN also outperforms the best existing unimodal conditional image synthesis approaches when tested in the unimodal setting. The project website is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://deepimagination.github.io/PoE-GAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 12.IterMVS: Iterative Probability Estimation for Efficient Multi-View Stereo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05126.pdf)
>  We present IterMVS, a new data-driven method for high-resolution multi-view stereo. We propose a novel GRU-based estimator that encodes pixel-wise probability distributions of depth in its hidden state. Ingesting multi-scale matching information, our model refines these distributions over multiple iterations and infers depth and confidence. To extract the depth maps, we combine traditional classification and regression in a novel manner. We verify the efficiency and effectiveness of our method on DTU, Tanks&amp;Temples and ETH3D. While being the most efficient method in both memory and run-time, our model achieves competitive performance on DTU and better generalization ability on Tanks&amp;Temples as well as ETH3D than most state-of-the-art methods. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/FangjinhuaWang/IterMVS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.Self-Supervised Keypoint Discovery in Behavioral Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05121.pdf)
>  We propose a method for learning the posture and structure of agents from unlabelled behavioral videos. Starting from the observation that behaving agents are generally the main sources of movement in behavioral videos, our method uses an encoder-decoder architecture with a geometric bottleneck to reconstruct the difference between video frames. By focusing only on regions of movement, our approach works directly on input videos without requiring manual annotations, such as keypoints or bounding boxes. Experiments on a variety of agent types (mouse, fly, human, jellyfish, and trees) demonstrate the generality of our approach and reveal that our discovered keypoints represent semantically meaningful body parts, which achieve state-of-the-art performance on keypoint regression among self-supervised methods. Additionally, our discovered keypoints achieve comparable performance to supervised keypoints on downstream tasks, such as behavior classification, suggesting that our method can dramatically reduce the cost of model training vis-a-vis supervised methods.      
### 14.BLT: Bidirectional Layout Transformer for Controllable Layout Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05112.pdf)
>  Creating visual layouts is an important step in graphic design. Automatic generation of such layouts is important as we seek scale-able and diverse visual designs. Prior works on automatic layout generation focus on unconditional generation, in which the models generate layouts while neglecting user needs for specific problems. To advance conditional layout generation, we introduce BLT, a bidirectional layout transformer. BLT differs from autoregressive decoding as it first generates a draft layout that satisfies the user inputs and then refines the layout iteratively. We verify the proposed model on multiple benchmarks with various fidelity metrics. Our results demonstrate two key advances to the state-of-the-art layout transformer models. First, our model empowers layout transformers to fulfill controllable layout generation. Second, our model slashes the linear inference time in autoregressive decoding into a constant complexity, thereby achieving 4x-10x speedups in generating a layout at inference time.      
### 15.Locally Shifted Attention With Early Global Integration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05080.pdf)
>  Recent work has shown the potential of transformers for computer vision applications. An image is first partitioned into patches, which are then used as input tokens for the attention mechanism. Due to the expensive quadratic cost of the attention mechanism, either a large patch size is used, resulting in coarse-grained global interactions, or alternatively, attention is applied only on a local region of the image, at the expense of long-range interactions. In this work, we propose an approach that allows for both coarse global interactions and fine-grained local interactions already at early layers of a vision transformer. <br>At the core of our method is the application of local and global attention layers. In the local attention layer, we apply attention to each patch and its local shifts, resulting in virtually located local patches, which are not bound to a single, specific location. These virtually located patches are then used in a global attention layer. The separation of the attention layer into local and global counterparts allows for a low computational cost in the number of patches, while still supporting data-dependent localization already at the first layer, as opposed to the static positioning in other visual transformers. Our method is shown to be superior to both convolutional and transformer-based methods for image classification on CIFAR10, CIFAR100, and ImageNet. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/shellysheynin/Locally-SAG-Transformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 16.Generating Useful Accident-Prone Driving Scenarios via a Learned Traffic Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05077.pdf)
>  Evaluating and improving planning for autonomous vehicles requires scalable generation of long-tail traffic scenarios. To be useful, these scenarios must be realistic and challenging, but not impossible to drive through safely. In this work, we introduce STRIVE, a method to automatically generate challenging scenarios that cause a given planner to produce undesirable behavior, like collisions. To maintain scenario plausibility, the key idea is to leverage a learned model of traffic motion in the form of a graph-based conditional VAE. Scenario generation is formulated as an optimization in the latent space of this traffic model, effected by perturbing an initial real-world scene to produce trajectories that collide with a given planner. A subsequent optimization is used to find a "solution" to the scenario, ensuring it is useful to improve the given planner. Further analysis clusters generated scenarios based on collision type. We attack two planners and show that STRIVE successfully generates realistic, challenging scenarios in both cases. We additionally "close the loop" and use these scenarios to optimize hyperparameters of a rule-based planner.      
### 17.Illumination and Temperature-Aware Multispectral Networks for Edge-Computing-Enabled Pedestrian Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05053.pdf)
>  Accurate and efficient pedestrian detection is crucial for the intelligent transportation system regarding pedestrian safety and mobility, e.g., Advanced Driver Assistance Systems, and smart pedestrian crosswalk systems. Among all pedestrian detection methods, vision-based detection method is demonstrated to be the most effective in previous studies. However, the existing vision-based pedestrian detection algorithms still have two limitations that restrict their implementations, those being real-time performance as well as the resistance to the impacts of environmental factors, e.g., low illumination conditions. To address these issues, this study proposes a lightweight Illumination and Temperature-aware Multispectral Network (IT-MN) for accurate and efficient pedestrian detection. The proposed IT-MN is an efficient one-stage detector. For accommodating the impacts of environmental factors and enhancing the sensing accuracy, thermal image data is fused by the proposed IT-MN with visual images to enrich useful information when visual image quality is limited. In addition, an innovative and effective late fusion strategy is also developed to optimize the image fusion performance. To make the proposed model implementable for edge computing, the model quantization is applied to reduce the model size by 75% while shortening the inference time significantly. The proposed algorithm is evaluated by comparing with the selected state-of-the-art algorithms using a public dataset collected by in-vehicle cameras. The results show that the proposed algorithm achieves a low miss rate and inference time at 14.19% and 0.03 seconds per image pair on GPU. Besides, the quantized IT-MN achieves an inference time of 0.21 seconds per image pair on the edge device, which also demonstrates the potentiality of deploying the proposed model on edge devices as a highly efficient pedestrian detection algorithm.      
### 18.Exploring Event-driven Dynamic Context for Accident Scene Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05006.pdf)
>  The robustness of semantic segmentation on edge cases of traffic scene is a vital factor for the safety of intelligent transportation. However, most of the critical scenes of traffic accidents are extremely dynamic and previously unseen, which seriously harm the performance of semantic segmentation methods. In addition, the delay of the traditional camera during high-speed driving will further reduce the contextual information in the time dimension. Therefore, we propose to extract dynamic context from event-based data with a higher temporal resolution to enhance static RGB images, even for those from traffic accidents with motion blur, collisions, deformations, overturns, etc. Moreover, in order to evaluate the segmentation performance in traffic accidents, we provide a pixel-wise annotated accident dataset, namely DADA-seg, which contains a variety of critical scenarios from traffic accidents. Our experiments indicate that event-based data can provide complementary information to stabilize semantic segmentation under adverse conditions by preserving fine-grained motion of fast-moving foreground (crash objects) in accidents. Our approach achieves +8.2% performance gain on the proposed accident dataset, exceeding more than 20 state-of-the-art semantic segmentation methods. The proposal has been demonstrated to be consistently effective for models learned on multiple source databases including Cityscapes, KITTI-360, BDD, and ApolloScape.      
### 19.PE-former: Pose Estimation Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04981.pdf)
>  Vision transformer architectures have been demonstrated to work very effectively for image classification tasks. Efforts to solve more challenging vision tasks with transformers rely on convolutional backbones for feature extraction. In this paper we investigate the use of a pure transformer architecture (i.e., one with no CNN backbone) for the problem of 2D body pose estimation. We evaluate two ViT architectures on the COCO dataset. We demonstrate that using an encoder-decoder transformer architecture yields state of the art results on this estimation problem.      
### 20.AdaStereo: An Efficient Domain-Adaptive Stereo Matching Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04974.pdf)
>  Recently, records on stereo matching benchmarks are constantly broken by end-to-end disparity networks. However, the domain adaptation ability of these deep models is quite limited. Addressing such problem, we present a novel domain-adaptive approach called AdaStereo that aims to align multi-level representations for deep stereo matching networks. Compared to previous methods, our AdaStereo realizes a more standard, complete and effective domain adaptation pipeline. Firstly, we propose a non-adversarial progressive color transfer algorithm for input image-level alignment. Secondly, we design an efficient parameter-free cost normalization layer for internal feature-level alignment. Lastly, a highly related auxiliary task, self-supervised occlusion-aware reconstruction is presented to narrow the gaps in output space. We perform intensive ablation studies and break-down comparisons to validate the effectiveness of each proposed module. With no extra inference overhead and only a slight increase in training complexity, our AdaStereo models achieve state-of-the-art cross-domain performance on multiple benchmarks, including KITTI, Middlebury, ETH3D and DrivingStereo, even outperforming some state-of-the-art disparity networks finetuned with target-domain ground-truths. Moreover, based on two additional evaluation metrics, the superiority of our domain-adaptive stereo matching pipeline is further uncovered from more perspectives. Finally, we demonstrate that our method is robust to various domain adaptation settings, and can be easily integrated into quick adaptation application scenarios and real-world deployments.      
### 21.CaSP: Class-agnostic Semi-Supervised Pretraining for Detection and Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04966.pdf)
>  To improve instance-level detection/segmentation performance, existing self-supervised and semi-supervised methods extract either very task-unrelated or very task-specific training signals from unlabeled data. We argue that these two approaches, at the two extreme ends of the task-specificity spectrum, are suboptimal for the task performance. Utilizing too little task-specific training signals causes underfitting to the ground-truth labels of downstream tasks, while the opposite causes overfitting to the ground-truth labels. To this end, we propose a novel Class-agnostic Semi-supervised Pretraining (CaSP) framework to achieve a more favorable task-specificity balance in extracting training signals from unlabeled data. Compared to semi-supervised learning, CaSP reduces the task specificity in training signals by ignoring class information in the pseudo labels and having a separate pretraining stage that uses only task-unrelated unlabeled data. On the other hand, CaSP preserves the right amount of task specificity by leveraging box/mask-level pseudo labels. As a result, our pretrained model can better avoid underfitting/overfitting to ground-truth labels when finetuned on the downstream task. Using 3.6M unlabeled data, we achieve a remarkable performance gain of 4.7% over ImageNet-pretrained baseline on object detection. Our pretrained model also demonstrates excellent transferability to other detection and segmentation tasks/frameworks.      
### 22.DVHN: A Deep Hashing Framework for Large-scale Vehicle Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04937.pdf)
>  In this paper, we make the very first attempt to investigate the integration of deep hash learning with vehicle re-identification. We propose a deep hash-based vehicle re-identification framework, dubbed DVHN, which substantially reduces memory usage and promotes retrieval efficiency while reserving nearest neighbor search accuracy. Concretely,~DVHN directly learns discrete compact binary hash codes for each image by jointly optimizing the feature learning network and the hash code generating module. Specifically, we directly constrain the output from the convolutional neural network to be discrete binary codes and ensure the learned binary codes are optimal for classification. To optimize the deep discrete hashing framework, we further propose an alternating minimization method for learning binary similarity-preserved hashing codes. Extensive experiments on two widely-studied vehicle re-identification datasets- \textbf{VehicleID} and \textbf{VeRi}-~have demonstrated the superiority of our method against the state-of-the-art deep hash methods. \textbf{DVHN} of $2048$ bits can achieve 13.94\% and 10.21\% accuracy improvement in terms of \textbf{mAP} and \textbf{Rank@1} for \textbf{VehicleID (800)} dataset. For \textbf{VeRi}, we achieve 35.45\% and 32.72\% performance gains for \textbf{Rank@1} and \textbf{mAP}, respectively.      
### 23.Model Doctor: A Simple Gradient Aggregation Strategy for Diagnosing and Treating CNN Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04934.pdf)
>  Recently, Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) has achieved excellent performance in the classification task. It is widely known that CNN is deemed as a 'black-box', which is hard for understanding the prediction mechanism and debugging the wrong prediction. Some model debugging and explanation works are developed for solving the above drawbacks. However, those methods focus on explanation and diagnosing possible causes for model prediction, based on which the researchers handle the following optimization of models manually. In this paper, we propose the first completely automatic model diagnosing and treating tool, termed as Model Doctor. Based on two discoveries that 1) each category is only correlated with sparse and specific convolution kernels, and 2) adversarial samples are isolated while normal samples are successive in the feature space, a simple aggregate gradient constraint is devised for effectively diagnosing and optimizing CNN classifiers. The aggregate gradient strategy is a versatile module for mainstream CNN classifiers. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed Model Doctor applies to all existing CNN classifiers, and improves the accuracy of $16$ mainstream CNN classifiers by 1%-5%.      
### 24.Self-Supervised Image-to-Text and Text-to-Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04928.pdf)
>  A comprehensive understanding of vision and language and their interrelation are crucial to realize the underlying similarities and differences between these modalities and to learn more generalized, meaningful representations. In recent years, most of the works related to Text-to-Image synthesis and Image-to-Text generation, focused on supervised generative deep architectures to solve the problems, where very little interest was placed on learning the similarities between the embedding spaces across modalities. In this paper, we propose a novel self-supervised deep learning based approach towards learning the cross-modal embedding spaces; for both image to text and text to image generations. In our approach, we first obtain dense vector representations of images using StackGAN-based autoencoder model and also dense vector representations on sentence-level utilizing LSTM based text-autoencoder; then we study the mapping from embedding space of one modality to embedding space of the other modality utilizing GAN and maximum mean discrepancy based generative networks. We, also demonstrate that our model learns to generate textual description from image data as well as images from textual data both qualitatively and quantitatively.      
### 25.PRA-Net: Point Relation-Aware Network for 3D Point Cloud Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04903.pdf)
>  Learning intra-region contexts and inter-region relations are two effective strategies to strengthen feature representations for point cloud analysis. However, unifying the two strategies for point cloud representation is not fully emphasized in existing methods. To this end, we propose a novel framework named Point Relation-Aware Network (PRA-Net), which is composed of an Intra-region Structure Learning (ISL) module and an Inter-region Relation Learning (IRL) module. The ISL module can dynamically integrate the local structural information into the point features, while the IRL module captures inter-region relations adaptively and efficiently via a differentiable region partition scheme and a representative point-based strategy. Extensive experiments on several 3D benchmarks covering shape classification, keypoint estimation, and part segmentation have verified the effectiveness and the generalization ability of PRA-Net. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/XiwuChen/PRA-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 26.A Bilingual, OpenWorld Video Text Dataset and End-to-end Video Text Spotter with Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04888.pdf)
>  Most existing video text spotting benchmarks focus on evaluating a single language and scenario with limited data. In this work, we introduce a large-scale, Bilingual, Open World Video text benchmark dataset(BOVText). There are four features for BOVText. Firstly, we provide 2,000+ videos with more than 1,750,000+ frames, 25 times larger than the existing largest dataset with incidental text in videos. Secondly, our dataset covers 30+ open categories with a wide selection of various scenarios, e.g., Life Vlog, Driving, Movie, etc. Thirdly, abundant text types annotation (i.e., title, caption or scene text) are provided for the different representational meanings in video. Fourthly, the BOVText provides bilingual text annotation to promote multiple cultures live and communication. Besides, we propose an end-to-end video text spotting framework with Transformer, termed TransVTSpotter, which solves the multi-orient text spotting in video with a simple, but efficient attention-based query-key mechanism. It applies object features from the previous frame as a tracking query for the current frame and introduces a rotation angle prediction to fit the multiorient text instance. On ICDAR2015(video), TransVTSpotter achieves the state-of-the-art performance with 44.1% MOTA, 9 fps. The dataset and code of TransVTSpotter can be found at github:com=weijiawu=BOVText and github:com=weijiawu=TransVTSpotter, respectively.      
### 27.ScaleNet: A Shallow Architecture for Scale Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04846.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of estimating scale factors between images. We formulate the scale estimation problem as a prediction of a probability distribution over scale factors. We design a new architecture, ScaleNet, that exploits dilated convolutions as well as self and cross-correlation layers to predict the scale between images. We demonstrate that rectifying images with estimated scales leads to significant performance improvements for various tasks and methods. Specifically, we show how ScaleNet can be combined with sparse local features and dense correspondence networks to improve camera pose estimation, 3D reconstruction, or dense geometric matching in different benchmarks and datasets. We provide an extensive evaluation on several tasks and analyze the computational overhead of ScaleNet. The code, evaluation protocols, and trained models are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/axelBarroso/ScaleNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 28.Knowledge Distillation for Object Detection via Rank Mimicking and Prediction-guided Feature Imitation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04840.pdf)
>  Knowledge Distillation (KD) is a widely-used technology to inherit information from cumbersome teacher models to compact student models, consequently realizing model compression and acceleration. Compared with image classification, object detection is a more complex task, and designing specific KD methods for object detection is non-trivial. In this work, we elaborately study the behaviour difference between the teacher and student detection models, and obtain two intriguing observations: First, the teacher and student rank their detected candidate boxes quite differently, which results in their precision discrepancy. Second, there is a considerable gap between the feature response differences and prediction differences between teacher and student, indicating that equally imitating all the feature maps of the teacher is the sub-optimal choice for improving the student's accuracy. Based on the two observations, we propose Rank Mimicking (RM) and Prediction-guided Feature Imitation (PFI) for distilling one-stage detectors, respectively. RM takes the rank of candidate boxes from teachers as a new form of knowledge to distill, which consistently outperforms the traditional soft label distillation. PFI attempts to correlate feature differences with prediction differences, making feature imitation directly help to improve the student's accuracy. On MS COCO and PASCAL VOC benchmarks, extensive experiments are conducted on various detectors with different backbones to validate the effectiveness of our method. Specifically, RetinaNet with ResNet50 achieves 40.4% mAP in MS COCO, which is 3.5% higher than its baseline, and also outperforms previous KD methods.      
### 29.Explainability of the Implications of Supervised and Unsupervised Face Image Quality Estimations Through Activation Map Variation Analyses in Face Recognition Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04827.pdf)
>  It is challenging to derive explainability for unsupervised or statistical-based face image quality assessment (FIQA) methods. In this work, we propose a novel set of explainability tools to derive reasoning for different FIQA decisions and their face recognition (FR) performance implications. We avoid limiting the deployment of our tools to certain FIQA methods by basing our analyses on the behavior of FR models when processing samples with different FIQA decisions. This leads to explainability tools that can be applied for any FIQA method with any CNN-based FR solution using activation mapping to exhibit the network's activation derived from the face embedding. To avoid the low discrimination between the general spatial activation mapping of low and high-quality images in FR models, we build our explainability tools in a higher derivative space by analyzing the variation of the FR activation maps of image sets with different quality decisions. We demonstrate our tools and analyze the findings on four FIQA methods, by presenting inter and intra-FIQA method analyses. Our proposed tools and the analyses based on them point out, among other conclusions, that high-quality images typically cause consistent low activation on the areas outside of the central face region, while low-quality images, despite general low activation, have high variations of activation in such areas. Our explainability tools also extend to analyzing single images where we show that low-quality images tend to have an FR model spatial activation that strongly differs from what is expected from a high-quality image where this difference also tends to appear more in areas outside of the central face region and does correspond to issues like extreme poses and facial occlusions. The implementation of the proposed tools is accessible here [link].      
### 30.Progressive Attention on Multi-Level Dense Difference Maps for Generic Event Boundary Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04771.pdf)
>  Generic event boundary detection is an important yet challenging task in video understanding, which aims at detecting the moments where humans naturally perceive event boundaries. The main challenge of this task is perceiving various temporal variations of diverse event boundaries. To this end, this paper presents an effective and end-to-end learnable framework (DDM-Net). To tackle the diversity and complicated semantics of event boundaries, we make three notable improvements. First, we construct a feature bank to store multi-level features of space and time, prepared for difference calculation at multiple scales. Second, to alleviate inadequate temporal modeling of previous methods, we present dense difference maps (DDM) to comprehensively characterize the motion pattern. Finally, we exploit progressive attention on multi-level DDM to jointly aggregate appearance and motion clues. As a result, DDM-Net respectively achieves a significant boost of 14% and 8% on Kinetics-GEBD and TAPOS benchmark, and outperforms the top-1 winner solution of LOVEU Challenge@CVPR 2021 without bells and whistles. The state-of-the-art result demonstrates the effectiveness of richer motion representation and more sophisticated aggregation, in handling the diversity of generic event boundary detection. Our codes will be made available soon.      
### 31.3D-VField: Learning to Adversarially Deform Point Clouds for Robust 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04764.pdf)
>  As 3D object detection on point clouds relies on the geometrical relationships between the points, non-standard object shapes can hinder a method's detection capability. However, in safety-critical settings, robustness on out-of-distribution and long-tail samples is fundamental to circumvent dangerous issues, such as the misdetection of damaged or rare cars. In this work, we substantially improve the generalization of 3D object detectors to out-of-domain data by taking into account deformed point clouds during training. We achieve this with 3D-VField: a novel method that plausibly deforms objects via vectors learned in an adversarial fashion. Our approach constrains 3D points to slide along their sensor view rays while neither adding nor removing any of them. The obtained vectors are transferrable, sample-independent and preserve shape smoothness and occlusions. By augmenting normal samples with the deformations produced by these vector fields during training, we significantly improve robustness against differently shaped objects, such as damaged/deformed cars, even while training only on KITTI. Towards this end, we propose and share open source CrashD: a synthetic dataset of realistic damaged and rare cars, with a variety of crash scenarios. Extensive experiments on KITTI, Waymo, our CrashD and SUN RGB-D show the high generalizability of our techniques to out-of-domain data, different models and sensors, namely LiDAR and ToF cameras, for both indoor and outdoor scenes. Our CrashD dataset is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://crashd-cars.github.io" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.HBReID: Harder Batch for Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04761.pdf)
>  Triplet loss is a widely adopted loss function in ReID task which pulls the hardest positive pairs close and pushes the hardest negative pairs far away. However, the selected samples are not the hardest globally, but the hardest only in a mini-batch, which will affect the performance. In this report, a hard batch mining method is proposed to mine the hardest samples globally to make triplet harder. More specifically, the most similar classes are selected into a same mini-batch so that the similar classes could be pushed further away. Besides, an adversarial scene removal module composed of a scene classifier and an adversarial loss is used to learn scene invariant feature representations. Experiments are conducted on dataset MSMT17 to prove the effectiveness, and our method surpasses all of the previous methods and sets state-of-the-art result.      
### 33.BLPnet: A New DNN model for Automatic License Plate Detection with Bengali OCR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04752.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Network (DNN) models with image processing and object localization have the potential to advance the automatic traffic control and monitoring system. Despite some notable progress in developing robust license plate detection models, research endeavours continue to reduce computational complexities with higher detection accuracy. This paper reports a computationally efficient and reasonably accurate Automatic License Plate Recognition (ALPR) system for Bengali characters with a new DNN model that we call Bengali License Plate Network (BLPnet). Additionally, the cascaded architectures for detecting vehicle regions prior to VLP in the proposed model, would significantly reduce computational cost and false-positives making the system faster and more accurate. Besides, with a new Bengali OCR engine and word-mapping process, the model can readily extract, detect and output the complete license-plate number of a vehicle. The model feeding with17 frames per second (fps) on real-time video footage can detect a vehicle with the Mean Squared Error (MSE) of 0.0152, and the mean license plate character recognition accuracy of 95%. While compared to the other models, an improvement of 5% and 20% were recorded for the BLPnet over the prominent YOLO-based ALPR model and Tesseract model for the number-plate detection accuracy and time requirement, respectively.      
### 34.Superpixel-Based Building Damage Detection from Post-earthquake Very High Resolution Imagery Using Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04744.pdf)
>  Building damage detection after natural disasters like earthquakes is crucial for initiating effective emergency response actions. Remotely sensed very high spatial resolution (VHR) imagery can provide vital information due to their ability to map the affected buildings with high geometric precision. Many approaches have been developed to detect damaged buildings due to earthquakes. However, little attention has been paid to exploiting rich features represented in VHR images using Deep Neural Networks (DNN). This paper presents a novel super-pixel based approach combining DNN and a modified segmentation method, to detect damaged buildings from VHR imagery. Firstly, a modified Fast Scanning and Adaptive Merging method is extended to create initial over-segmentation. Secondly, the segments are merged based on the Region Adjacent Graph (RAG), considered an improved semantic similarity criterion composed of Local Binary Patterns (LBP) texture, spectral, and shape features. Thirdly, a pre-trained DNN using Stacked Denoising Auto-Encoders called SDAE-DNN is presented, to exploit the rich semantic features for building damage detection. Deep-layer feature abstraction of SDAE-DNN could boost detection accuracy through learning more intrinsic and discriminative features, which outperformed other methods using state-of-the-art alternative classifiers. We demonstrate the feasibility and effectiveness of our method using a subset of WorldView-2 imagery, in the complex urban areas of Bhaktapur, Nepal, which was affected by the Nepal Earthquake of April 25, 2015.      
### 35.Mimicking the Oracle: An Initial Phase Decorrelation Approach for Class Incremental Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04731.pdf)
>  Class Incremental Learning (CIL) aims at learning a multi-class classifier in a phase-by-phase manner, in which only data of a subset of the classes are provided at each phase. Previous works mainly focus on mitigating forgetting in phases after the initial one. However, we find that improving CIL at its initial phase is also a promising direction. Specifically, we experimentally show that directly encouraging CIL Learner at the initial phase to output similar representations as the model jointly trained on all classes can greatly boost the CIL performance. Motivated by this, we study the difference between a navely-trained initial-phase model and the oracle model. Specifically, since one major difference between these two models is the number of training classes, we investigate how such difference affects the model representations. We find that, with fewer training classes, the data representations of each class lie in a long and narrow region; with more training classes, the representations of each class scatter more uniformly. Inspired by this observation, we propose Class-wise Decorrelation (CwD) that effectively regularizes representations of each class to scatter more uniformly, thus mimicking the model jointly trained with all classes (i.e., the oracle model). Our CwD is simple to implement and easy to plug into existing methods. Extensive experiments on various benchmark datasets show that CwD consistently and significantly improves the performance of existing state-of-the-art methods by around 1\% to 3\%. Code will be released.      
### 36.Amicable Aid: Turning Adversarial Attack to Benefit Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04720.pdf)
>  While adversarial attacks on deep image classification models pose serious security concerns in practice, this paper suggests a novel paradigm where the concept of adversarial attacks can benefit classification performance, which we call amicable aid. We show that by taking the opposite search direction of perturbation, an image can be converted to another yielding higher confidence by the classification model and even a wrongly classified image can be made to be correctly classified. Furthermore, with a large amount of perturbation, an image can be made unrecognizable by human eyes, while it is correctly recognized by the model. The mechanism of the amicable aid is explained in the viewpoint of the underlying natural image manifold. We also consider universal amicable perturbations, i.e., a fixed perturbation can be applied to multiple images to improve their classification results. While it is challenging to find such perturbations, we show that making the decision boundary as perpendicular to the image manifold as possible via training with modified data is effective to obtain a model for which universal amicable perturbations are more easily found. Finally, we discuss several application scenarios where the amicable aid can be useful, including secure image communication, privacy-preserving image communication, and protection against adversarial attacks.      
### 37.Learning with Nested Scene Modeling and Cooperative Architecture Search for Low-Light Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04719.pdf)
>  Images captured from low-light scenes often suffer from severe degradations, including low visibility, color cast and intensive noises, etc. These factors not only affect image qualities, but also degrade the performance of downstream Low-Light Vision (LLV) applications. A variety of deep learning methods have been proposed to enhance the visual quality of low-light images. However, these approaches mostly rely on significant architecture engineering to obtain proper low-light models and often suffer from high computational burden. Furthermore, it is still challenging to extend these enhancement techniques to handle other LLVs. To partially address above issues, we establish Retinex-inspired Unrolling with Architecture Search (RUAS), a general learning framework, which not only can address low-light enhancement task, but also has the flexibility to handle other more challenging downstream vision applications. Specifically, we first establish a nested optimization formulation, together with an unrolling strategy, to explore underlying principles of a series of LLV tasks. Furthermore, we construct a differentiable strategy to cooperatively search specific scene and task architectures for RUAS. Last but not least, we demonstrate how to apply RUAS for both low- and high-level LLV applications (e.g., enhancement, detection and segmentation). Extensive experiments verify the flexibility, effectiveness, and efficiency of RUAS.      
### 38.Auto-X3D: Ultra-Efficient Video Understanding via Finer-Grained Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04710.pdf)
>  Efficient video architecture is the key to deploying video recognition systems on devices with limited computing resources. Unfortunately, existing video architectures are often computationally intensive and not suitable for such applications. The recent X3D work presents a new family of efficient video models by expanding a hand-crafted image architecture along multiple axes, such as space, time, width, and depth. Although operating in a conceptually large space, X3D searches one axis at a time, and merely explored a small set of 30 architectures in total, which does not sufficiently explore the space. This paper bypasses existing 2D architectures, and directly searched for 3D architectures in a fine-grained space, where block type, filter number, expansion ratio and attention block are jointly searched. A probabilistic neural architecture search method is adopted to efficiently search in such a large space. Evaluations on Kinetics and Something-Something-V2 benchmarks confirm our AutoX3D models outperform existing ones in accuracy up to 1.3% under similar FLOPs, and reduce the computational cost up to x1.74 when reaching similar performance.      
### 39.Implicit Feature Refinement for Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04709.pdf)
>  We propose a novel implicit feature refinement module for high-quality instance segmentation. Existing image/video instance segmentation methods rely on explicitly stacked convolutions to refine instance features before the final prediction. In this paper, we first give an empirical comparison of different refinement strategies,which reveals that the widely-used four consecutive convolutions are not necessary. As an alternative, weight-sharing convolution blocks provides competitive performance. When such block is iterated for infinite times, the block output will eventually convergeto an equilibrium state. Based on this observation, the implicit feature refinement (IFR) is developed by constructing an implicit function. The equilibrium state of instance features can be obtained by fixed-point iteration via a simulated infinite-depth network. Our IFR enjoys several advantages: 1) simulates an infinite-depth refinement network while only requiring parameters of single residual block; 2) produces high-level equilibrium instance features of global receptive field; 3) serves as a plug-and-play general module easily extended to most object recognition frameworks. Experiments on the COCO and YouTube-VIS benchmarks show that our IFR achieves improved performance on state-of-the-art image/video instance segmentation frameworks, while reducing the parameter burden (e.g.1% AP improvement on Mask R-CNN with only 30.0% parameters in mask head). Code is made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lufanma/IFR.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 40.Fast Point Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04702.pdf)
>  The recent success of neural networks enables a better interpretation of 3D point clouds, but processing a large-scale 3D scene remains a challenging problem. Most current approaches divide a large-scale scene into small regions and combine the local predictions together. However, this scheme inevitably involves additional stages for pre- and post-processing and may also degrade the final output due to predictions in a local perspective. This paper introduces Fast Point Transformer that consists of a new lightweight self-attention layer. Our approach encodes continuous 3D coordinates, and the voxel hashing-based architecture boosts computational efficiency. The proposed method is demonstrated with 3D semantic segmentation and 3D detection. The accuracy of our approach is competitive to the best voxel-based method, and our network achieves 136 times faster inference time than the state-of-the-art, Point Transformer, with a reasonable accuracy trade-off.      
### 41.Unsupervised Complementary-aware Multi-process Fusion for Visual Place Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04701.pdf)
>  A recent approach to the Visual Place Recognition (VPR) problem has been to fuse the place recognition estimates of multiple complementary VPR techniques simultaneously. However, selecting the optimal set of techniques to use in a specific deployment environment a-priori is a difficult and unresolved challenge. Further, to the best of our knowledge, no method exists which can select a set of techniques on a frame-by-frame basis in response to image-to-image variations. In this work, we propose an unsupervised algorithm that finds the most robust set of VPR techniques to use in the current deployment environment, on a frame-by-frame basis. The selection of techniques is determined by an analysis of the similarity scores between the current query image and the collection of database images and does not require ground-truth information. We demonstrate our approach on a wide variety of datasets and VPR techniques and show that the proposed dynamic multi-process fusion (Dyn-MPF) has superior VPR performance compared to a variety of challenging competitive methods, some of which are given an unfair advantage through access to the ground-truth information.      
### 42.SimIPU: Simple 2D Image and 3D Point Cloud Unsupervised Pre-Training for Spatial-Aware Visual Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04680.pdf)
>  Pre-training has become a standard paradigm in many computer vision tasks. However, most of the methods are generally designed on the RGB image domain. Due to the discrepancy between the two-dimensional image plane and the three-dimensional space, such pre-trained models fail to perceive spatial information and serve as sub-optimal solutions for 3D-related tasks. To bridge this gap, we aim to learn a spatial-aware visual representation that can describe the three-dimensional space and is more suitable and effective for these tasks. To leverage point clouds, which are much more superior in providing spatial information compared to images, we propose a simple yet effective 2D Image and 3D Point cloud Unsupervised pre-training strategy, called SimIPU. Specifically, we develop a multi-modal contrastive learning framework that consists of an intra-modal spatial perception module to learn a spatial-aware representation from point clouds and an inter-modal feature interaction module to transfer the capability of perceiving spatial information from the point cloud encoder to the image encoder, respectively. Positive pairs for contrastive losses are established by the matching algorithm and the projection matrix. The whole framework is trained in an unsupervised end-to-end fashion. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to explore contrastive learning pre-training strategies for outdoor multi-modal datasets, containing paired camera images and LIDAR point clouds. Codes and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhyever/SimIPU" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 43.DualFormer: Local-Global Stratified Transformer for Efficient Video Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04674.pdf)
>  While transformers have shown great potential on video recognition tasks with their strong capability of capturing long-range dependencies, they often suffer high computational costs induced by self-attention operation on the huge number of 3D tokens in a video. In this paper, we propose a new transformer architecture, termed DualFormer, which can effectively and efficiently perform space-time attention for video recognition. Specifically, our DualFormer stratifies the full space-time attention into dual cascaded levels, i.e., to first learn fine-grained local space-time interactions among nearby 3D tokens, followed by the capture of coarse-grained global dependencies between the query token and the coarse-grained global pyramid contexts. Different from existing methods that apply space-time factorization or restrict attention computations within local windows for improving efficiency, our local-global stratified strategy can well capture both short- and long-range spatiotemporal dependencies, and meanwhile greatly reduces the number of keys and values in attention computation to boost efficiency. Experimental results show the superiority of DualFormer on five video benchmarks against existing methods. In particular, DualFormer sets new state-of-the-art 82.9%/85.2% top-1 accuracy on Kinetics-400/600 with around 1000G inference FLOPs which is at least 3.2 times fewer than existing methods with similar performances.      
### 44.Style Mixing and Patchwise Prototypical Matching for One-Shot Unsupervised Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04665.pdf)
>  In this paper, we tackle the problem of one-shot unsupervised domain adaptation (OSUDA) for semantic segmentation where the segmentors only see one unlabeled target image during training. In this case, traditional unsupervised domain adaptation models usually fail since they cannot adapt to the target domain with over-fitting to one (or few) target samples. To address this problem, existing OSUDA methods usually integrate a style-transfer module to perform domain randomization based on the unlabeled target sample, with which multiple domains around the target sample can be explored during training. However, such a style-transfer module relies on an additional set of images as style reference for pre-training and also increases the memory demand for domain adaptation. Here we propose a new OSUDA method that can effectively relieve such computational burden. Specifically, we integrate several style-mixing layers into the segmentor which play the role of style-transfer module to stylize the source images without introducing any learned parameters. Moreover, we propose a patchwise prototypical matching (PPM) method to weighted consider the importance of source pixels during the supervised training to relieve the negative adaptation. Experimental results show that our method achieves new state-of-the-art performance on two commonly used benchmarks for domain adaptive semantic segmentation under the one-shot setting and is more efficient than all comparison approaches.      
### 45.Dual Cluster Contrastive learning for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04662.pdf)
>  Recently, cluster contrastive learning has been proven effective for person ReID by computing the contrastive loss between the individual feature and the cluster memory. However, existing methods that use the individual feature to momentum update the cluster memory are not robust to the noisy samples, such as the samples with wrong annotated labels or the pseudo-labels. Unlike the individual-based updating mechanism, the centroid-based updating mechanism that applies the mean feature of each cluster to update the cluster memory is robust against minority noisy samples. Therefore, we formulate the individual-based updating and centroid-based updating mechanisms in a unified cluster contrastive framework, named Dual Cluster Contrastive learning (DCC), which maintains two types of memory banks: individual and centroid cluster memory banks. Significantly, the individual cluster memory is momentum updated based on the individual feature.The centroid cluster memory applies the mean feature of each cluter to update the corresponding cluster memory. Besides the vallina contrastive loss for each memory, a consistency constraint is applied to guarantee the consistency of the output of two memories. Note that DCC can be easily applied for unsupervised or supervised person ReID by using ground-truth labels or pseudo-labels generated with clustering method, respectively. Extensive experiments on two benchmarks under supervised person ReID and unsupervised person ReID demonstrate the superior of the proposed DCC. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/htyao89/Dual-Cluster-Contrastive/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 46.BACON: Band-limited Coordinate Networks for Multiscale Scene Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04645.pdf)
>  Coordinate-based networks have emerged as a powerful tool for 3D representation and scene reconstruction. These networks are trained to map continuous input coordinates to the value of a signal at each point. Still, current architectures are black boxes: their spectral characteristics cannot be easily analyzed, and their behavior at unsupervised points is difficult to predict. Moreover, these networks are typically trained to represent a signal at a single scale, and so naive downsampling or upsampling results in artifacts. We introduce band-limited coordinate networks (BACON), a network architecture with an analytical Fourier spectrum. BACON has predictable behavior at unsupervised points, can be designed based on the spectral characteristics of the represented signal, and can represent signals at multiple scales without explicit supervision. We demonstrate BACON for multiscale neural representation of images, radiance fields, and 3D scenes using signed distance functions and show that it outperforms conventional single-scale coordinate networks in terms of interpretability and quality.      
### 47.Recurrent Glimpse-based Decoder for Detection with Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04632.pdf)
>  Although detection with Transformer (DETR) is increasingly popular, its global attention modeling requires an extremely long training period to optimize and achieve promising detection performance. Alternative to existing studies that mainly develop advanced feature or embedding designs to tackle the training issue, we point out that the Region-of-Interest (RoI) based detection refinement can easily help mitigate the difficulty of training for DETR methods. Based on this, we introduce a novel REcurrent Glimpse-based decOder (REGO) in this paper. In particular, the REGO employs a multi-stage recurrent processing structure to help the attention of DETR gradually focus on foreground objects more accurately. In each processing stage, visual features are extracted as glimpse features from RoIs with enlarged bounding box areas of detection results from the previous stage. Then, a glimpse-based decoder is introduced to provide refined detection results based on both the glimpse features and the attention modeling outputs of the previous stage. In practice, REGO can be easily embedded in representative DETR variants while maintaining their fully end-to-end training and inference pipelines. In particular, REGO helps Deformable DETR achieve 44.8 AP on the MSCOCO dataset with only 36 training epochs, compared with the first DETR and the Deformable DETR that require 500 and 50 epochs to achieve comparable performance, respectively. Experiments also show that REGO consistently boosts the performance of different DETR detectors by up to 7% relative gain at the same setting of 50 training epochs. Code is available via <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhechen/Deformable-DETR-REGO" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 48.Learning Auxiliary Monocular Contexts Helps Monocular 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04628.pdf)
>  Monocular 3D object detection aims to localize 3D bounding boxes in an input single 2D image. It is a highly challenging problem and remains open, especially when no extra information (e.g., depth, lidar and/or multi-frames) can be leveraged in training and/or inference. This paper proposes a simple yet effective formulation for monocular 3D object detection without exploiting any extra information. It presents the MonoCon method which learns Monocular Contexts, as auxiliary tasks in training, to help monocular 3D object detection. The key idea is that with the annotated 3D bounding boxes of objects in an image, there is a rich set of well-posed projected 2D supervision signals available in training, such as the projected corner keypoints and their associated offset vectors with respect to the center of 2D bounding box, which should be exploited as auxiliary tasks in training. The proposed MonoCon is motivated by the Cramer-Wold theorem in measure theory at a high level. In implementation, it utilizes a very simple end-to-end design to justify the effectiveness of learning auxiliary monocular contexts, which consists of three components: a Deep Neural Network (DNN) based feature backbone, a number of regression head branches for learning the essential parameters used in the 3D bounding box prediction, and a number of regression head branches for learning auxiliary contexts. After training, the auxiliary context regression branches are discarded for better inference efficiency. In experiments, the proposed MonoCon is tested in the KITTI benchmark (car, pedestrain and cyclist). It outperforms all prior arts in the leaderboard on car category and obtains comparable performance on pedestrian and cyclist in terms of accuracy. Thanks to the simple design, the proposed MonoCon method obtains the fastest inference speed with 38.7 fps in comparisons      
### 49.A Simple and efficient deep Scanpath Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04610.pdf)
>  Visual scanpath is the sequence of fixation points that the human gaze travels while observing an image, and its prediction helps in modeling the visual attention of an image. To this end several models were proposed in the literature using complex deep learning architectures and frameworks. Here, we explore the efficiency of using common deep learning architectures, in a simple fully convolutional regressive manner. We experiment how well these models can predict the scanpaths on 2 datasets. We compare with other models using different metrics and show competitive results that sometimes surpass previous complex architectures. We also compare the different leveraged backbone architectures based on their performances on the experiment to deduce which ones are the most suitable for the task.      
### 50.Enhancing Food Intake Tracking in Long-Term Care with Automated Food Imaging and Nutrient Intake Tracking (AFINI-T) Technology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04608.pdf)
>  Half of long-term care (LTC) residents are malnourished increasing hospitalization, mortality, morbidity, with lower quality of life. Current tracking methods are subjective and time consuming. This paper presents the automated food imaging and nutrient intake tracking (AFINI-T) technology designed for LTC. We propose a novel convolutional autoencoder for food classification, trained on an augmented UNIMIB2016 dataset and tested on our simulated LTC food intake dataset (12 meal scenarios; up to 15 classes each; top-1 classification accuracy: 88.9%; mean intake error: -0.4 mL$\pm$36.7 mL). Nutrient intake estimation by volume was strongly linearly correlated with nutrient estimates from mass ($r^2$ 0.92 to 0.99) with good agreement between methods ($\sigma$= -2.7 to -0.01; zero within each of the limits of agreement). The AFINI-T approach is a deep-learning powered computational nutrient sensing system that may provide a novel means for more accurately and objectively tracking LTC resident food intake to support and prevent malnutrition tracking strategies.      
### 51.Constrained Mean Shift Using Distant Yet Related Neighbors for Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04607.pdf)
>  We are interested in representation learning in self-supervised, supervised, or semi-supervised settings. The prior work on applying mean-shift idea for self-supervised learning, MSF, generalizes the BYOL idea by pulling a query image to not only be closer to its other augmentation, but also to the nearest neighbors (NNs) of its other augmentation. We believe the learning can benefit from choosing far away neighbors that are still semantically related to the query. Hence, we propose to generalize MSF algorithm by constraining the search space for nearest neighbors. We show that our method outperforms MSF in SSL setting when the constraint utilizes a different augmentation of an image, and outperforms PAWS in semi-supervised setting with less training resources when the constraint ensures the NNs have the same pseudo-label as the query.      
### 52.A Unified Architecture of Semantic Segmentation and Hierarchical Generative Adversarial Networks for Expression Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04603.pdf)
>  Editing facial expressions by only changing what we want is a long-standing research problem in Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) for image manipulation. Most of the existing methods that rely only on a global generator usually suffer from changing unwanted attributes along with the target attributes. Recently, hierarchical networks that consist of both a global network dealing with the whole image and multiple local networks focusing on local parts are showing success. However, these methods extract local regions by bounding boxes centred around the sparse facial key points which are non-differentiable, inaccurate and unrealistic. Hence, the solution becomes sub-optimal, introduces unwanted artefacts degrading the overall quality of the synthetic images. Moreover, a recent study has shown strong correlation between facial attributes and local semantic regions. To exploit this relationship, we designed a unified architecture of semantic segmentation and hierarchical GANs. A unique advantage of our framework is that on forward pass the semantic segmentation network conditions the generative model, and on backward pass gradients from hierarchical GANs are propagated to the semantic segmentation network, which makes our framework an end-to-end differentiable architecture. This allows both architectures to benefit from each other. To demonstrate its advantages, we evaluate our method on two challenging facial expression translation benchmarks, AffectNet and RaFD, and a semantic segmentation benchmark, CelebAMask-HQ across two popular architectures, BiSeNet and UNet. Our extensive quantitative and qualitative evaluations on both face semantic segmentation and face expression manipulation tasks validate the effectiveness of our work over existing state-of-the-art methods.      
### 53.InvGAN: Invertable GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04598.pdf)
>  Generation of photo-realistic images, semantic editing and representation learning are a few of many potential applications of high resolution generative models. Recent progress in GANs have established them as an excellent choice for such tasks. However, since they do not provide an inference model, image editing or downstream tasks such as classification can not be done on real images using the GAN latent space. Despite numerous efforts to train an inference model or design an iterative method to invert a pre-trained generator, previous methods are dataset (e.g. human face images) and architecture (e.g. StyleGAN) specific. These methods are nontrivial to extend to novel datasets or architectures. We propose a general framework that is agnostic to architecture and datasets. Our key insight is that, by training the inference and the generative model together, we allow them to adapt to each other and to converge to a better quality model. Our \textbf{InvGAN}, short for Invertable GAN, successfully embeds real images to the latent space of a high quality generative model. This allows us to perform image inpainting, merging, interpolation and online data augmentation. We demonstrate this with extensive qualitative and quantitative experiments.      
### 54.STAF: A Spatio-Temporal Attention Fusion Network for Few-shot Video Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04585.pdf)
>  We propose STAF, a Spatio-Temporal Attention Fusion network for few-shot video classification. STAF first extracts coarse-grained spatial and temporal features of videos by applying a 3D Convolution Neural Networks embedding network. It then fine-tunes the extracted features using self-attention and cross-attention networks. Last, STAF applies a lightweight fusion network and a nearest neighbor classifier to classify each query video. To evaluate STAF, we conduct extensive experiments on three benchmarks (UCF101, HMDB51, and Something-Something-V2). The experimental results show that STAF improves state-of-the-art accuracy by a large margin, e.g., STAF increases the five-way one-shot accuracy by 5.3% and 7.0% for UCF101 and HMDB51, respectively.      
### 55.CoSSL: Co-Learning of Representation and Classifier for Imbalanced Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04564.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel co-learning framework (CoSSL) with decoupled representation learning and classifier learning for imbalanced SSL. To handle the data imbalance, we devise Tail-class Feature Enhancement (TFE) for classifier learning. Furthermore, the current evaluation protocol for imbalanced SSL focuses only on balanced test sets, which has limited practicality in real-world scenarios. Therefore, we further conduct a comprehensive evaluation under various shifted test distributions. In experiments, we show that our approach outperforms other methods over a large range of shifted distributions, achieving state-of-the-art performance on benchmark datasets ranging from CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, ImageNet, to Food-101. Our code will be made publicly available.      
### 56.Segment and Complete: Defending Object Detectors against Adversarial Patch Attacks with Robust Patch Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04532.pdf)
>  Object detection plays a key role in many security-critical systems. Adversarial patch attacks, which are easy to implement in the physical world, pose a serious threat to state-of-the-art object detectors. Developing reliable defenses for object detectors against patch attacks is critical but severely understudied. In this paper, we propose Segment and Complete defense (SAC), a general framework for defending object detectors against patch attacks through detecting and removing adversarial patches. We first train a patch segmenter that outputs patch masks that provide pixel-level localization of adversarial patches. We then propose a self adversarial training algorithm to robustify the patch segmenter. In addition, we design a robust shape completion algorithm, which is guaranteed to remove the entire patch from the images given the outputs of the patch segmenter are within a certain Hamming distance of the ground-truth patch masks. Our experiments on COCO and xView datasets demonstrate that SAC achieves superior robustness even under strong adaptive attacks with no performance drop on clean images, and generalizes well to unseen patch shapes, attack budgets, and unseen attack methods. Furthermore, we present the APRICOT-Mask dataset, which augments the APRICOT dataset with pixel-level annotations of adversarial patches. We show SAC can significantly reduce the targeted attack success rate of physical patch attacks.      
### 57.SIRfyN: Single Image Relighting from your Neighbors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04497.pdf)
>  We show how to relight a scene, depicted in a single image, such that (a) the overall shading has changed and (b) the resulting image looks like a natural image of that scene. Applications for such a procedure include generating training data and building authoring environments. Naive methods for doing this fail. One reason is that shading and albedo are quite strongly related; for example, sharp boundaries in shading tend to appear at depth discontinuities, which usually apparent in albedo. The same scene can be lit in different ways, and established theory shows the different lightings form a cone (the illumination cone). Novel theory shows that one can use similar scenes to estimate the different lightings that apply to a given scene, with bounded expected error. Our method exploits this theory to estimate a representation of the available lighting fields in the form of imputed generators of the illumination cone. Our procedure does not require expensive "inverse graphics" datasets, and sees no ground truth data of any kind. <br>Qualitative evaluation suggests the method can erase and restore soft indoor shadows, and can "steer" light around a scene. We offer a summary quantitative evaluation of the method with a novel application of the FID. An extension of the FID allows per-generated-image evaluation. Furthermore, we offer qualitative evaluation with a user study, and show that our method produces images that can successfully be used for data augmentation.      
### 58.PixMix: Dreamlike Pictures Comprehensively Improve Safety Measures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05135.pdf)
>  In real-world applications of machine learning, reliable and safe systems must consider measures of performance beyond standard test set accuracy. These other goals include out-of-distribution (OOD) robustness, prediction consistency, resilience to adversaries, calibrated uncertainty estimates, and the ability to detect anomalous inputs. However, improving performance towards these goals is often a balancing act that today's methods cannot achieve without sacrificing performance on other safety axes. For instance, adversarial training improves adversarial robustness but sharply degrades other classifier performance metrics. Similarly, strong data augmentation and regularization techniques often improve OOD robustness but harm anomaly detection, raising the question of whether a Pareto improvement on all existing safety measures is possible. To meet this challenge, we design a new data augmentation strategy utilizing the natural structural complexity of pictures such as fractals, which outperforms numerous baselines, is near Pareto-optimal, and roundly improves safety measures.      
### 59.Neural Descriptor Fields: SE(3)-Equivariant Object Representations for Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05124.pdf)
>  We present Neural Descriptor Fields (NDFs), an object representation that encodes both points and relative poses between an object and a target (such as a robot gripper or a rack used for hanging) via category-level descriptors. We employ this representation for object manipulation, where given a task demonstration, we want to repeat the same task on a new object instance from the same category. We propose to achieve this objective by searching (via optimization) for the pose whose descriptor matches that observed in the demonstration. NDFs are conveniently trained in a self-supervised fashion via a 3D auto-encoding task that does not rely on expert-labeled keypoints. Further, NDFs are SE(3)-equivariant, guaranteeing performance that generalizes across all possible 3D object translations and rotations. We demonstrate learning of manipulation tasks from few (5-10) demonstrations both in simulation and on a real robot. Our performance generalizes across both object instances and 6-DoF object poses, and significantly outperforms a recent baseline that relies on 2D descriptors. Project website: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://yilundu.github.io/ndf/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 60.Extending the WILDS Benchmark for Unsupervised Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05090.pdf)
>  Machine learning systems deployed in the wild are often trained on a source distribution but deployed on a different target distribution. Unlabeled data can be a powerful point of leverage for mitigating these distribution shifts, as it is frequently much more available than labeled data. However, existing distribution shift benchmarks for unlabeled data do not reflect the breadth of scenarios that arise in real-world applications. In this work, we present the WILDS 2.0 update, which extends 8 of the 10 datasets in the WILDS benchmark of distribution shifts to include curated unlabeled data that would be realistically obtainable in deployment. To maintain consistency, the labeled training, validation, and test sets, as well as the evaluation metrics, are exactly the same as in the original WILDS benchmark. These datasets span a wide range of applications (from histology to wildlife conservation), tasks (classification, regression, and detection), and modalities (photos, satellite images, microscope slides, text, molecular graphs). We systematically benchmark state-of-the-art methods that leverage unlabeled data, including domain-invariant, self-training, and self-supervised methods, and show that their success on WILDS 2.0 is limited. To facilitate method development and evaluation, we provide an open-source package that automates data loading and contains all of the model architectures and methods used in this paper. Code and leaderboards are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://wilds.stanford.edu" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 61.Critical configurations for two projective views, a new approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05074.pdf)
>  The problem of structure from motion is concerned with recovering 3-dimensional structure of an object from a set of 2-dimensional images. Generally, all information can be uniquely recovered if enough images and image points are provided, but there are certain cases where unique recovery is impossible; these are called critical configurations. In this paper we use an algebraic approach to study the critical configurations for two projective cameras. We show that all critical configurations lie on quadric surfaces, and classify exactly which quadrics constitute a critical configuration. The paper also describes the relation between the different reconstructions when unique reconstruction is impossible.      
### 62.Mutual Adversarial Training: Learning together is better than going alone  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05005.pdf)
>  Recent studies have shown that robustness to adversarial attacks can be transferred across networks. In other words, we can make a weak model more robust with the help of a strong teacher model. We ask if instead of learning from a static teacher, can models "learn together" and "teach each other" to achieve better robustness? In this paper, we study how interactions among models affect robustness via knowledge distillation. We propose mutual adversarial training (MAT), in which multiple models are trained together and share the knowledge of adversarial examples to achieve improved robustness. MAT allows robust models to explore a larger space of adversarial samples, and find more robust feature spaces and decision boundaries. Through extensive experiments on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100, we demonstrate that MAT can effectively improve model robustness and outperform state-of-the-art methods under white-box attacks, bringing $\sim$8% accuracy gain to vanilla adversarial training (AT) under PGD-100 attacks. In addition, we show that MAT can also mitigate the robustness trade-off among different perturbation types, bringing as much as 13.1% accuracy gain to AT baselines against the union of $l_\infty$, $l_2$ and $l_1$ attacks. These results show the superiority of the proposed method and demonstrate that collaborative learning is an effective strategy for designing robust models.      
### 63.Sparse-View CT Reconstruction using Recurrent Stacked Back Projection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04998.pdf)
>  Sparse-view CT reconstruction is important in a wide range of applications due to limitations on cost, acquisition time, or dosage. However, traditional direct reconstruction methods such as filtered back-projection (FBP) lead to low-quality reconstructions in the sub-Nyquist regime. In contrast, deep neural networks (DNNs) can produce high-quality reconstructions from sparse and noisy data, e.g. through post-processing of FBP reconstructions, as can model-based iterative reconstruction (MBIR), albeit at a higher computational cost. <br>In this paper, we introduce a direct-reconstruction DNN method called Recurrent Stacked Back Projection (RSBP) that uses sequentially-acquired backprojections of individual views as input to a recurrent convolutional LSTM network. The SBP structure maintains all information in the sinogram, while the recurrent processing exploits the correlations between adjacent views and produces an updated reconstruction after each new view. We train our network on simulated data and test on both simulated and real data and demonstrate that RSBP outperforms both DNN post-processing of FBP images and basic MBIR, with a lower computational cost than MBIR.      
### 64.Robust Weakly Supervised Learning for COVID-19 Recognition Using Multi-Center CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04984.pdf)
>  The world is currently experiencing an ongoing pandemic of an infectious disease named coronavirus disease 2019 (i.e., COVID-19), which is caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). Computed Tomography (CT) plays an important role in assessing the severity of the infection and can also be used to identify those symptomatic and asymptomatic COVID-19 carriers. With a surge of the cumulative number of COVID-19 patients, radiologists are increasingly stressed to examine the CT scans manually. Therefore, an automated 3D CT scan recognition tool is highly in demand since the manual analysis is time-consuming for radiologists and their fatigue can cause possible misjudgment. However, due to various technical specifications of CT scanners located in different hospitals, the appearance of CT images can be significantly different leading to the failure of many automated image recognition approaches. The multi-domain shift problem for the multi-center and multi-scanner studies is therefore nontrivial that is also crucial for a dependable recognition and critical for reproducible and objective diagnosis and prognosis. In this paper, we proposed a COVID-19 CT scan recognition model namely coronavirus information fusion and diagnosis network (CIFD-Net) that can efficiently handle the multi-domain shift problem via a new robust weakly supervised learning paradigm. Our model can resolve the problem of different appearance in CT scan images reliably and efficiently while attaining higher accuracy compared to other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 65.Few-Shot Keypoint Detection as Task Adaptation via Latent Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04910.pdf)
>  Dense object tracking, the ability to localize specific object points with pixel-level accuracy, is an important computer vision task with numerous downstream applications in robotics. Existing approaches either compute dense keypoint embeddings in a single forward pass, meaning the model is trained to track everything at once, or allocate their full capacity to a sparse predefined set of points, trading generality for accuracy. In this paper we explore a middle ground based on the observation that the number of relevant points at a given time are typically relatively few, e.g. grasp points on a target object. Our main contribution is a novel architecture, inspired by few-shot task adaptation, which allows a sparse-style network to condition on a keypoint embedding that indicates which point to track. Our central finding is that this approach provides the generality of dense-embedding models, while offering accuracy significantly closer to sparse-keypoint approaches. We present results illustrating this capacity vs. accuracy trade-off, and demonstrate the ability to zero-shot transfer to new object instances (within-class) using a real-robot pick-and-place task.      
### 66.Learning Personal Representations from fMRIby Predicting Neurofeedback Performance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04902.pdf)
>  We present a deep neural network method for learning a personal representation for individuals that are performing a self neuromodulation task, guided by functional MRI (fMRI). This neurofeedback task (watch vs. regulate) provides the subjects with a continuous feedback contingent on down regulation of their Amygdala signal and the learning algorithm focuses on this region's time-course of activity. The representation is learned by a self-supervised recurrent neural network, that predicts the Amygdala activity in the next fMRI frame given recent fMRI frames and is conditioned on the learned individual representation. It is shown that the individuals' representation improves the next-frame prediction considerably. Moreover, this personal representation, learned solely from fMRI images, yields good performance in linear prediction of psychiatric traits, which is better than performing such a prediction based on clinical data and personality tests. Our code is attached as supplementary and the data would be shared subject to ethical approvals.      
### 67.Latent Space Explanation by Intervention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04895.pdf)
>  The success of deep neural nets heavily relies on their ability to encode complex relations between their input and their output. While this property serves to fit the training data well, it also obscures the mechanism that drives prediction. This study aims to reveal hidden concepts by employing an intervention mechanism that shifts the predicted class based on discrete variational autoencoders. An explanatory model then visualizes the encoded information from any hidden layer and its corresponding intervened representation. By the assessment of differences between the original representation and the intervened representation, one can determine the concepts that can alter the class, hence providing interpretability. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on CelebA, where we show various visualizations for bias in the data and suggest different interventions to reveal and change bias.      
### 68.Semi-Supervised Medical Image Segmentation via Cross Teaching between CNN and Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04894.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning with Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and Transformers has shown encouraging results in fully supervised medical image segmentation. However, it is still challenging for them to achieve good performance with limited annotations for training. In this work, we present a very simple yet efficient framework for semi-supervised medical image segmentation by introducing the cross teaching between CNN and Transformer. Specifically, we simplify the classical deep co-training from consistency regularization to cross teaching, where the prediction of a network is used as the pseudo label to supervise the other network directly end-to-end. Considering the difference in learning paradigm between CNN and Transformer, we introduce the Cross Teaching between CNN and Transformer rather than just using CNNs. Experiments on a public benchmark show that our method outperforms eight existing semi-supervised learning methods just with a simpler framework. Notably, this work may be the first attempt to combine CNN and transformer for semi-supervised medical image segmentation and achieve promising results on a public benchmark. The code will be released at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HiLab-git/SSL4MIS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 69.Evaluating saliency methods on artificial data with different background types  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04882.pdf)
>  Over the last years, many 'explainable artificial intelligence' (xAI) approaches have been developed, but these have not always been objectively evaluated. To evaluate the quality of heatmaps generated by various saliency methods, we developed a framework to generate artificial data with synthetic lesions and a known ground truth map. Using this framework, we evaluated two data sets with different backgrounds, Perlin noise and 2D brain MRI slices, and found that the heatmaps vary strongly between saliency methods and backgrounds. We strongly encourage further evaluation of saliency maps and xAI methods using this framework before applying these in clinical or other safety-critical settings.      
### 70.3D Medical Point Transformer: Introducing Convolution to Attention Networks for Medical Point Cloud Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04863.pdf)
>  General point clouds have been increasingly investigated for different tasks, and recently Transformer-based networks are proposed for point cloud analysis. However, there are barely related works for medical point clouds, which are important for disease detection and treatment. In this work, we propose an attention-based model specifically for medical point clouds, namely 3D medical point Transformer (3DMedPT), to examine the complex biological structures. By augmenting contextual information and summarizing local responses at query, our attention module can capture both local context and global content feature interactions. However, the insufficient training samples of medical data may lead to poor feature learning, so we apply position embeddings to learn accurate local geometry and Multi-Graph Reasoning (MGR) to examine global knowledge propagation over channel graphs to enrich feature representations. Experiments conducted on IntrA dataset proves the superiority of 3DMedPT, where we achieve the best classification and segmentation results. Furthermore, the promising generalization ability of our method is validated on general 3D point cloud benchmarks: ModelNet40 and ShapeNetPart. Code will be released soon.      
### 71.Adaptive Methods for Aggregated Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04766.pdf)
>  Domain generalization involves learning a classifier from a heterogeneous collection of training sources such that it generalizes to data drawn from similar unknown target domains, with applications in large-scale learning and personalized inference. In many settings, privacy concerns prohibit obtaining domain labels for the training data samples, and instead only have an aggregated collection of training points. Existing approaches that utilize domain labels to create domain-invariant feature representations are inapplicable in this setting, requiring alternative approaches to learn generalizable classifiers. In this paper, we propose a domain-adaptive approach to this problem, which operates in two steps: (a) we cluster training data within a carefully chosen feature space to create pseudo-domains, and (b) using these pseudo-domains we learn a domain-adaptive classifier that makes predictions using information about both the input and the pseudo-domain it belongs to. Our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on a variety of domain generalization benchmarks without using domain labels whatsoever. Furthermore, we provide novel theoretical guarantees on domain generalization using cluster information. Our approach is amenable to ensemble-based methods and provides substantial gains even on large-scale benchmark datasets. The code can be found at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xavierohan/AdaClust_DomainBed" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 72.Does Redundancy in AI Perception Systems Help to Test for Super-Human Automated Driving Performance?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04758.pdf)
>  While automated driving is often advertised with better-than-human driving performance, this work reviews that it is nearly impossible to provide direct statistical evidence on the system level that this is actually the case. The amount of labeled data needed would exceed dimensions of present day technical and economical capabilities. A commonly used strategy therefore is the use of redundancy along with the proof of sufficient subsystems' performances. As it is known, this strategy is efficient especially for the case of subsystems operating independently, i.e. the occurrence of errors is independent in a statistical sense. Here, we give some first considerations and experimental evidence that this strategy is not a free ride as the errors of neural networks fulfilling the same computer vision task, at least for some cases, show correlated occurrences of errors. This remains true, if training data, architecture, and training are kept separate or independence is trained using special loss functions. Using data from different sensors (realized by up to five 2D projections of the 3D MNIST data set) in our experiments is more efficiently reducing correlations, however not to an extent that is realizing the potential of reduction of testing data that can be obtained for redundant and statistically independent subsystems.      
### 73.One-dimensional Deep Low-rank and Sparse Network for Accelerated MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04721.pdf)
>  Deep learning has shown astonishing performance in accelerated magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Most state-of-the-art deep learning reconstructions adopt the powerful convolutional neural network and perform 2D convolution since many magnetic resonance images or their corresponding k-space are in 2D. In this work, we present a new approach that explores the 1D convolution, making the deep network much easier to be trained and generalized. We further integrate the 1D convolution into the proposed deep network, named as One-dimensional Deep Low-rank and Sparse network (ODLS), which unrolls the iteration procedure of a low-rank and sparse reconstruction model. Extensive results on in vivo knee and brain datasets demonstrate that, the proposed ODLS is very suitable for the case of limited training subjects and provides improved reconstruction performance than state-of-the-art methods both visually and quantitatively. Additionally, ODLS also shows nice robustness to different undersampling scenarios and some mismatches between the training and test data. In summary, our work demonstrates that the 1D deep learning scheme is memory-efficient and robust in fast MRI.      
### 74.Trajectory-Constrained Deep Latent Visual Attention for Improved Local Planning in Presence of Heterogeneous Terrain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04684.pdf)
>  We present a reward-predictive, model-based deep learning method featuring trajectory-constrained visual attention for use in mapless, local visual navigation tasks. Our method learns to place visual attention at locations in latent image space which follow trajectories caused by vehicle control actions to enhance predictive accuracy during planning. The attention model is jointly optimized by the task-specific loss and an additional trajectory-constraint loss, allowing adaptability yet encouraging a regularized structure for improved generalization and reliability. Importantly, visual attention is applied in latent feature map space instead of raw image space to promote efficient planning. We validated our model in visual navigation tasks of planning low turbulence, collision-free trajectories in off-road settings and hill climbing with locking differentials in the presence of slippery terrain. Experiments involved randomized procedural generated simulation and real-world environments. We found our method improved generalization and learning efficiency when compared to no-attention and self-attention alternatives.      
### 75.Extending nn-UNet for brain tumor segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04653.pdf)
>  Brain tumor segmentation is essential for the diagnosis and prognosis of patients with gliomas. The brain tumor segmentation challenge has continued to provide a great source of data to develop automatic algorithms to perform the task. This paper describes our contribution to the 2021 competition. We developed our methods based on nn-UNet, the winning entry of last year competition. We experimented with several modifications, including using a larger network, replacing batch normalization with group normalization, and utilizing axial attention in the decoder. Internal 5-fold cross validation as well as online evaluation from the organizers showed the effectiveness of our approach, with minor improvement in quantitative metrics when compared to the baseline. The proposed models won first place in the final ranking on unseen test data. The codes, pretrained weights, and docker image for the winning submission are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rixez/Brats21_KAIST_MRI_Lab" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 76.SoK: Anti-Facial Recognition Technology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04558.pdf)
>  The rapid adoption of facial recognition (FR) technology by both government and commercial entities in recent years has raised concerns about civil liberties and privacy. In response, a broad suite of so-called "anti-facial recognition" (AFR) tools has been developed to help users avoid unwanted facial recognition. The set of AFR tools proposed in the last few years is wide-ranging and rapidly evolving, necessitating a step back to consider the broader design space of AFR systems and long-term challenges. This paper aims to fill that gap and provides the first comprehensive analysis of the AFR research landscape. Using the operational stages of FR systems as a starting point, we create a systematic framework for analyzing the benefits and tradeoffs of different AFR approaches. We then consider both technical and social challenges facing AFR tools and propose directions for future research in this field.      
### 77.Multiscale Softmax Cross Entropy for Fovea Localization on Color Fundus Photography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04499.pdf)
>  Fovea localization is one of the most popular tasks in ophthalmic medical image analysis, where the coordinates of the center point of the macula lutea, i.e. fovea centralis, should be calculated based on color fundus images. In this work, we treat the localization problem as a classification task, where the coordinates of the x- and y-axis are considered as the target classes. Moreover, the combination of the softmax activation function and the cross entropy loss function is modified to its multiscale variation to encourage the predicted coordinates to be located closely to the ground-truths. Based on color fundus photography images, we empirically show that the proposed multiscale softmax cross entropy yields better performance than the vanilla version and than the mean squared error loss with sigmoid activation, which provides a novel approach for coordinate regression.      
### 78.Dynamic multi feature-class Gaussian process models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04495.pdf)
>  In model-based medical image analysis, three features of interest are the shape of structures of interest, their relative pose, and image intensity profiles representative of some physical property. Often, these are modelled separately through statistical models by decomposing the object's features into a set of basis functions through principal geodesic analysis or principal component analysis. This study presents a statistical modelling method for automatic learning of shape, pose and intensity features in medical images which we call the Dynamic multi feature-class Gaussian process models (DMFC-GPM). A DMFC-GPM is a Gaussian process (GP)-based model with a shared latent space that encodes linear and non-linear variation. Our method is defined in a continuous domain with a principled way to represent shape, pose and intensity feature classes in a linear space, based on deformation fields. A deformation field-based metric is adapted in the method for modelling shape and intensity feature variation as well as for comparing rigid transformations (pose). Moreover, DMFC-GPMs inherit properties intrinsic to GPs including marginalisation and regression. Furthermore, they allow for adding additional pose feature variability on top of those obtained from the image acquisition process; what we term as permutation modelling. For image analysis tasks using DMFC-GPMs, we adapt Metropolis-Hastings algorithms making the prediction of features fully probabilistic. We validate the method using controlled synthetic data and we perform experiments on bone structures from CT images of the shoulder to illustrate the efficacy of the model for pose and shape feature prediction. The model performance results suggest that this new modelling paradigm is robust, accurate, accessible, and has potential applications including the management of musculoskeletal disorders and clinical decision making      
### 79.Binary Change Guided Hyperspectral Multiclass Change Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04493.pdf)
>  Characterized by tremendous spectral information, hyperspectral image is able to detect subtle changes and discriminate various change classes for change detection. The recent research works dominated by hyperspectral binary change detection, however, cannot provide fine change classes information. And most methods incorporating spectral unmixing for hyperspectral multiclass change detection (HMCD), yet suffer from the neglection of temporal correlation and error accumulation. In this study, we proposed an unsupervised Binary Change Guided hyperspectral multiclass change detection Network (BCG-Net) for HMCD, which aims at boosting the multiclass change detection result and unmixing result with the mature binary change detection approaches. In BCG-Net, a novel partial-siamese united-unmixing module is designed for multi-temporal spectral unmixing, and a groundbreaking temporal correlation constraint directed by the pseudo-labels of binary change detection result is developed to guide the unmixing process from the perspective of change detection, encouraging the abundance of the unchanged pixels more coherent and that of the changed pixels more accurate. Moreover, an innovative binary change detection rule is put forward to deal with the problem that traditional rule is susceptible to numerical values. The iterative optimization of the spectral unmixing process and the change detection process is proposed to eliminate the accumulated errors and bias from unmixing result to change detection result. The experimental results demonstrate that our proposed BCG-Net could achieve comparative or even outstanding performance of multiclass change detection among the state-of-the-art approaches and gain better spectral unmixing results at the same time.      
### 80.Revisiting Global Statistics Aggregation for Improving Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04491.pdf)
>  Global spatial statistics, which are aggregated along entire spatial dimensions, are widely used in top-performance image restorers. For example, mean, variance in Instance Normalization (IN) which is adopted by HINet, and global average pooling (i.e. mean) in Squeeze and Excitation (SE) which is applied to MPRNet. This paper first shows that statistics aggregated on the patches-based/entire-image-based feature in the training/testing phase respectively may distribute very differently and lead to performance degradation in image restorers. It has been widely overlooked by previous works. To solve this issue, we propose a simple approach, Test-time Local Statistics Converter (TLSC), that replaces the region of statistics aggregation operation from global to local, only in the test time. Without retraining or finetuning, our approach significantly improves the image restorer's performance. In particular, by extending SE with TLSC to the state-of-the-art models, MPRNet boost by 0.65 dB in PSNR on GoPro dataset, achieves 33.31 dB, exceeds the previous best result 0.6 dB. In addition, we simply apply TLSC to the high-level vision task, i.e. semantic segmentation, and achieves competitive results. Extensive quantity and quality experiments are conducted to demonstrate TLSC solves the issue with marginal costs while significant gain. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/megvii-research/tlsc" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 81.A novel multi-view deep learning approach for BI-RADS and density assessment of mammograms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04490.pdf)
>  Advanced deep learning (DL) algorithms may predict the patient's risk of developing breast cancer based on the Breast Imaging Reporting and Data System (BI-RADS) and density standards. Recent studies have suggested that the combination of multi-view analysis improved the overall breast exam classification. In this paper, we propose a novel multi-view DL approach for BI-RADS and density assessment of mammograms. The proposed approach first deploys deep convolutional networks for feature extraction on each view separately. The extracted features are then stacked and fed into a Light Gradient Boosting Machine (LightGBM) classifier to predict BI-RADS and density scores. We conduct extensive experiments on both the internal mammography dataset and the public dataset Digital Database for Screening Mammography (DDSM). The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed approach outperforms the single-view classification approach on two benchmark datasets by huge margins (5% on the internal dataset and 10% on the DDSM dataset). These results highlight the vital role of combining multi-view information to improve the performance of breast cancer risk prediction.      
### 82.Learn2Reg: comprehensive multi-task medical image registration challenge, dataset and evaluation in the era of deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04489.pdf)
>  To date few studies have comprehensively compared medical image registration approaches on a wide-range of complementary clinically relevant tasks. This limits the adoption of advances in research into practice and prevents fair benchmarks across competing approaches. Many newer learning-based methods have been explored within the last five years, but the question which optimisation, architectural or metric strategy is ideally suited remains open. Learn2Reg covers a wide range of anatomies: brain, abdomen and thorax, modalities: ultrasound, CT, MRI, populations: intra- and inter-patient and levels of supervision. We established a lower entry barrier for training and validation of 3D registration, which helped us compile results of over 65 individual method submissions from more than 20 unique teams. Our complementary set of metrics, including robustness, accuracy, plausibility and speed enables unique insight into the current-state-of-the-art of medical image registration. Further analyses into transferability, bias and importance of supervision question the superiority of primarily deep learning based approaches and open exiting new research directions into hybrid methods that leverage GPU-accelerated conventional optimisation.      
