# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 28 Feb 2019
### 1.Efficient Video Classification Using Fewer Frames  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10640.pdf)
>  Recently,there has been a lot of interest in building compact models for video classification which have a small memory footprint (&lt;1 GB). While these models are compact, they typically operate by repeated application of a small weight matrix to all the frames in a video. E.g. recurrent neural network based methods compute a hidden state for every frame of the video using a recurrent weight matrix. Similarly, cluster-and-aggregate based methods such as NetVLAD, have a learnable clustering matrix which is used to assign soft-clusters to every frame in the video. Since these models look at every frame in the video, the number of floating point operations (FLOPs) is still large even though the memory footprint is small. We focus on building compute-efficient video classification models which process fewer frames and hence have less number of FLOPs. Similar to memory efficient models, we use the idea of distillation albeit in a different setting. Specifically, in our case, a compute-heavy teacher which looks at all the frames in the video is used to train a compute-efficient student which looks at only a small fraction of frames in the video. This is in contrast to a typical memory efficient Teacher-Student setting, wherein both the teacher and the student look at all the frames in the video but the student has fewer parameters. Our work thus complements the research on memory efficient video classification. We do an extensive evaluation with three types of models for video classification,viz.(i) recurrent models (ii) cluster-and-aggregate models and (iii) memory-efficient cluster-and-aggregate models and show that in each of these cases, a see-it-all teacher can be used to train a compute efficient see-very-little student. We show that the proposed student network can reduce the inference time by 30% and the number of FLOPs by approximately 90% with a negligible drop in the performance. 
### 2.Recurrent MVSNet for High-resolution Multi-view Stereo Depth Inference  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10556.pdf)
>  Deep learning has recently demonstrated its excellent performance for multi-view stereo (MVS). However, one major limitation of current learned MVS approaches is the scalability: the memory-consuming cost volume regularization makes the learned MVS hard to be applied to high-resolution scenes. In this paper, we introduce a scalable multi-view stereo framework based on the recurrent neural network. Instead of regularizing the entire 3D cost volume in one go, the proposed Recurrent Multi-view Stereo Network (R-MVSNet) sequentially regularizes the 2D cost maps along the depth direction via the gated recurrent unit (GRU). This reduces dramatically the memory consumption and makes high-resolution reconstruction feasible. We first show the state-of-the-art performance achieved by the proposed R-MVSNet on the recent MVS benchmarks. Then, we further demonstrate the scalability of the proposed method on several large-scale scenarios, where previous learned approaches often fail due to the memory constraint. Code is available at <a href="https://github.com/YoYo000/MVSNet">this https URL</a>. 
### 3.Attributes-aided Part Detection and Refinement for Person Re-identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10528.pdf)
>  Person attributes are often exploited as mid-level human semantic information to help promote the performance of person re-identification task. In this paper, unlike most existing methods simply taking attribute learning as a classification problem, we perform it in a different way with the motivation that attributes are related to specific local regions, which refers to the perceptual ability of attributes. We utilize the process of attribute detection to generate corresponding attribute-part detectors, whose invariance to many influences like poses and camera views can be guaranteed. With detected local part regions, our model extracts local features to handle the body part misalignment problem, which is another major challenge for person re-identification. The local descriptors are further refined by fused attribute information to eliminate interferences caused by detection deviation. Extensive experiments on two popular benchmarks with attribute annotations demonstrate the effectiveness of our model and competitive performance compared with state-of-the-art algorithms. 
### 4.Fractional spectral graph wavelets and their applications  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10471.pdf)
>  One of the key challenges in the area of signal processing on graphs is to design transforms and dictionaries methods to identify and exploit structure in signals on weighted graphs. In this paper, we first generalize graph Fourier transform (GFT) to graph fractional Fourier transform (GFRFT), which is then used to define a novel transform named spectral graph fractional wavelet transform (SGFRWT), which is a generalized and extended version of spectral graph wavelet transform (SGWT). A fast algorithm for SGFRWT is also derived and implemented based on Fourier series approximation. The potential applications of SGFRWT are also presented. 
### 5.Generative Collaborative Networks for Single Image Super-Resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10467.pdf)
>  A common issue of deep neural networks-based methods for the problem of Single Image Super-Resolution (SISR), is the recovery of finer texture details when super-resolving at large upscaling factors. This issue is particularly related to the choice of the objective loss function. In particular, recent works proposed the use of a VGG loss which consists in minimizing the error between the generated high resolution images and ground-truth in the feature space of a Convolutional Neural Network (VGG19), pre-trained on the very &#34;large&#34; ImageNet dataset. When considering the problem of super-resolving images with a distribution &#34;far&#34; from the ImageNet images distribution (\textit{e.g.,} satellite images), their proposed \textit{fixed} VGG loss is no longer relevant. In this paper, we present a general framework named \textit{Generative Collaborative Networks} (GCN), where the idea consists in optimizing the \textit{generator} (the mapping of interest) in the feature space of a \textit{features extractor} network. The two networks (generator and extractor) are \textit{collaborative} in the sense that the latter &#34;helps&#34; the former, by constructing discriminative and relevant features (not necessarily \textit{fixed} and possibly learned \textit{mutually} with the generator). We evaluate the GCN framework in the context of SISR, and we show that it results in a method that is adapted to super-resolution domains that are &#34;far&#34; from the ImageNet domain. 
### 6.Flash Lightens Gray Pixels  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10466.pdf)
>  In the real world, a scene is usually cast by multiple illuminants and herein we address the problem of spatial illumination estimation. Our solution is based on detecting gray pixels with the help of flash photography. We show that flash photography significantly improves the performance of gray pixel detection without illuminant prior, training data or calibration of the flash. We also introduce a novel flash photography dataset generated from the MIT intrinsic dataset. 
### 7.Modulated binary cliquenet  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10460.pdf)
>  Although Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) achieve effectiveness in various computer vision tasks, the significant requirement of storage of such networks hinders the deployment on computationally limited devices. In this paper, we propose a new compact and portable deep learning network named Modulated Binary Cliquenet (MBCliqueNet) aiming to improve the portability of CNNs based on binarized filters while achieving comparable performance with the full-precision CNNs like Resnet. In MBCliqueNet, we introduce a novel modulated operation to approximate the unbinarized filters and gives an initialization method to speed up its convergence. We reduce the extra parameters caused by modulated operation with parameters sharing. As a result, the proposed MBCliqueNet can reduce the required storage space of convolutional filters by a factor of at least 32, in contrast to the full-precision model, and achieve better performance than other state-of-the-art binarized models. More importantly, our model compares even better with some full-precision models like Resnet on the dataset we used. 
### 8.Fix Your Features: Stationary and Maximally Discriminative Embeddings using Regular Polytope (Fixed Classifier) Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10441.pdf)
>  Neural networks are widely used as a model for classification in a large variety of tasks. Typically, a learnable transformation (i.e. the classifier) is placed at the end of such models returning a value for each class used for classification. This transformation plays an important role in determining how the generated features change during the learning process. <br />In this work we argue that this transformation not only can be fixed (i.e. set as non trainable) with no loss of accuracy, but it can also be used to learn stationary and maximally discriminative embeddings. <br />We show that the stationarity of the embedding and its maximal discriminative representation can be theoretically justified by setting the weights of the fixed classifier to values taken from the coordinate vertices of three regular polytopes available in $\mathbb{R}^d$, namely: the $d$-Simplex, the $d$-Cube and the $d$-Orthoplex. These regular polytopes have the maximal amount of symmetry that can be exploited to generate stationary features angularly centered around their corresponding fixed weights. <br />Our approach improves and broadens the concept of a fixed classifier, recently proposed in \cite{hoffer2018fix}, to a larger class of fixed classifier models. Experimental results confirm both the theoretical analysis and the generalization capability of the proposed method. 
### 9.StyleRemix: An Interpretable Representation for Neural Image Style Transfer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10425.pdf)
>  Multi-Style Transfer (MST) intents to capture the high-level visual vocabulary of different styles and expresses these vocabularies in a joint model to transfer each specific style. Recently, Style Embedding Learning (SEL) based methods represent each style with an explicit set of parameters to perform MST task. However, most existing SEL methods either learn explicit style representation with numerous independent parameters or learn a relatively black-box style representation, which makes them difficult to control the stylized results. In this paper, we outline a novel MST model, StyleRemix, to compactly and explicitly integrate multiple styles into one network. By decomposing diverse styles into the same basis, StyleRemix represents a specific style in a continuous vector space with 1-dimensional coefficients. With the interpretable style representation, StyleRemix not only enables the style visualization task but also allows several ways of remixing styles in the smooth style embedding space.~Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of StyleRemix on various MST tasks compared to state-of-the-art SEL approaches. 
### 10.Single-frame Regularization for Temporally Stable CNNs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10424.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can model complicated non-linear relations between images. However, they are notoriously sensitive to small changes in the input. Most CNNs trained to describe image-to-image mappings generate temporally unstable results when applied to video sequences, leading to flickering artifacts and other inconsistencies over time. In order to use CNNs for video material, previous methods have relied on estimating dense frame-to-frame motion information (optical flow) in the training and/or the inference phase, or by exploring recurrent learning structures. We take a different approach to the problem, posing temporal stability as a regularization of the cost function. The regularization is formulated to account for different types of motion that can occur between frames, so that temporally stable CNNs can be trained without the need for video material or expensive motion estimation. The training can be performed as a fine-tuning operation, without architectural modifications of the CNN. Our evaluation shows that the training strategy leads to large improvements in temporal smoothness. Moreover, in situations where the quantity of training data is limited, the regularization can help in boosting the generalization performance to a much larger extent than what is possible with naïve augmentation strategies. 
### 11.FickleNet: Weakly and Semi-supervised Semantic Image Segmentation\\using Stochastic Inference  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10421.pdf)
>  The main obstacle to weakly supervised semantic image segmentation is the difficulty of obtaining pixel-level information from coarse image-level annotations. Most methods based on image-level annotations use localization maps obtained from the classifier, but these only focus on the small discriminative parts of objects and do not capture precise boundaries. FickleNet explores diverse combinations of locations on feature maps created by generic deep neural networks. It selects hidden units randomly and then uses them to obtain activation scores for image classification. FickleNet implicitly learns the coherence of each location in the feature maps, resulting in a localization map which identifies both discriminative and other parts of objects. The ensemble effects are obtained from a single network by selecting random hidden unit pairs, which means that a variety of localization maps are generated from a single image. Our approach does not require any additional training steps and only adds a simple layer to a standard convolutional neural network; nevertheless it outperforms recent comparable techniques on the Pascal VOC 2012 benchmark in both weakly and semi-supervised settings. 
### 12.Equi-normalization of Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10416.pdf)
>  Modern neural networks are over-parametrized. In particular, each rectified linear hidden unit can be modified by a multiplicative factor by adjusting input and output weights, without changing the rest of the network. Inspired by the Sinkhorn-Knopp algorithm, we introduce a fast iterative method for minimizing the L2 norm of the weights, equivalently the weight decay regularizer. It provably converges to a unique solution. Interleaving our algorithm with SGD during training improves the test accuracy. For small batches, our approach offers an alternative to batch-and group-normalization on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet with a ResNet-18. 
### 13.Cluster Regularized Quantization for Deep Networks Compression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10370.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have achieved great success in a wide range of computer vision areas, but the applications to mobile devices is limited due to their high storage and computational cost. Much efforts have been devoted to compress DNNs. In this paper, we propose a simple yet effective method for deep networks compression, named Cluster Regularized Quantization (CRQ), which can reduce the presentation precision of a full-precision model to ternary values without significant accuracy drop. In particular, the proposed method aims at reducing the quantization error by introducing a cluster regularization term, which is imposed on the full-precision weights to enable them naturally concentrate around the target values. Through explicitly regularizing the weights during the re-training stage, the full-precision model can achieve the smooth transition to the low-bit one. Comprehensive experiments on benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. 
### 14.Multi-loss-aware Channel Pruning of Deep Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10364.pdf)
>  Channel pruning, which seeks to reduce the model size by removing redundant channels, is a popular solution for deep networks compression. Existing channel pruning methods usually conduct layer-wise channel selection by directly minimizing the reconstruction error of feature maps between the baseline model and the pruned one. However, they ignore the feature and semantic distributions within feature maps and real contribution of channels to the overall performance. In this paper, we propose a new channel pruning method by explicitly using both intermediate outputs of the baseline model and the classification loss of the pruned model to supervise layer-wise channel selection. Particularly, we introduce an additional loss to encode the differences in the feature and semantic distributions within feature maps between the baseline model and the pruned one. By considering the reconstruction error, the additional loss and the classification loss at the same time, our approach can significantly improve the performance of the pruned model. Comprehensive experiments on benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. 
### 15.The Importance of Metric Learning for Robotic Vision: Open Set Recognition and Active Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10363.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art deep neural network recognition systems are designed for a static and closed world. It is usually assumed that the distribution at test time will be the same as the distribution during training. As a result, classifiers are forced to categorise observations into one out of a set of predefined semantic classes. Robotic problems are dynamic and open world; a robot will likely observe objects that are from outside of the training set distribution. Classifier outputs in robotic applications can lead to real-world robotic action and as such, a practical recognition system should not silently fail by confidently misclassifying novel observations. We show how a deep metric learning classification system can be applied to such open set recognition problems, allowing the classifier to label novel observations as unknown. Further to detecting novel examples, we propose an open set active learning approach that allows a robot to efficiently query a user about unknown observations. Our approach enables a robot to improve its understanding of the true distribution of data in the environment, from a small number of label queries. Experimental results show that our approach significantly outperforms comparable methods in both the open set recognition and active learning problems. 
### 16.Spatio-Temporal Dynamics and Semantic Attribute Enriched Visual Encoding for Video Captioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10322.pdf)
>  Automatic generation of video captions is a fundamental challenge in computer vision. Recent techniques typically employ a combination of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and Recursive Neural Networks (RNNs) for video captioning. These methods mainly focus on tailoring sequence learning through RNNs for better caption generation, whereas off-the-shelf visual features are borrowed from CNNs. We argue that careful designing of visual features for this task is equally important, and present a visual feature encoding technique to generate semantically rich captions using Gated Recurrent Units (GRUs). Our method embeds rich temporal dynamics in visual features by hierarchically applying Short Fourier Transform to CNN features of the whole video. It additionally derives high level semantics from an object detector to enrich the representation with spatial dynamics of the detected objects. The final representation is projected to a compact space and fed to a language model. By learning a relatively simple language model comprising two GRU layers, we establish new state-of-the-art on MSVD and MSR-VTT datasets for METEOR and ROUGE_L metrics. 
### 17.Aurora Guard: Real-Time Face Anti-Spoofing via Light Reflection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10311.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a light reflection based face anti-spoofing method named Aurora Guard (AG), which is fast, simple yet effective that has already been deployed in real-world systems serving for millions of users. Specifically, our method first extracts the normal cues via light reflection analysis, and then uses an end-to-end trainable multi-task Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) to not only recover subjects&#39; depth maps to assist liveness classification, but also provide the light CAPTCHA checking mechanism in the regression branch to further improve the system reliability. Moreover, we further collect a large-scale dataset containing $12,000$ live and spoofing samples, which covers abundant imaging qualities and Presentation Attack Instruments (PAI). Extensive experiments on both public and our datasets demonstrate the superiority of our proposed method over the state of the arts. 
### 18.A Simple Prior-Free Method for Non-rigid Structure-from-Motion Factorization : Revisited  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10274.pdf)
>  A simple prior free factorization algorithm\cite{dai2014simple} is quite often cited work in the field of Non-Rigid Structure from Motion (NRSfM). The benefit of this work lies in its simplicity of implementation, strong theoretical justification to the motion and structure estimation, and its invincible originality. Despite this, the prevailing view is, that it performs exceedingly inferior to other methods on several benchmark datasets\cite{jensen2018benchmark,akhter2009nonrigid}. However, our subtle investigation provides some empirical statistics which made us think against such views. The statistical results we obtained supersedes Dai {\it{et. al.}}\cite{dai2014simple} originally reported results on the benchmark datasets by a significant margin under some elementary changes in their core algorithmic idea\cite{dai2014simple}. Now, these results not only exposes some unrevealed areas for research in NRSfM but also give rise to new mathematical challenges for NRSfM researchers. In this paper, we explore some of the hidden intricacies missed by Dai {\it{et. al.}} work\cite{dai2014simple} and how some elementary measures and modifications can significantly enhance its performance, as high as 18\% on the benchmark dataset. The improved performance is justified and empirically verified by extensive experiments on several datasets. We believe our work has both practical and theoretical importance for the development of better NRSfM algorithms. Practically, it can also help improve the recently reported state-of-the-art \cite{kumar2017spatio, kumar2016multi, jensen2018benchmark} and other similar works in this field which are inspired by Dai et. al. work\cite{dai2014simple}. 
### 19.Zero-shot Learning of 3D Point Cloud Objects  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10272.pdf)
>  Recent deep learning architectures can recognize instances of 3D point cloud objects of previously seen classes quite well. At the same time, current 3D depth camera technology allows generating/segmenting a large amount of 3D point cloud objects from an arbitrary scene, for which there is no previously seen training data. A challenge for a 3D point cloud recognition system is, then, to classify objects from new, unseen, classes. This issue can be resolved by adopting a zero-shot learning (ZSL) approach for 3D data, similar to the 2D image version of the same problem. ZSL attempts to classify unseen objects by comparing semantic information (attribute/word vector) of seen and unseen classes. Here, we adapt several recent 3D point cloud recognition systems to the ZSL setting with some changes to their architectures. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to classify unseen 3D point cloud objects in the ZSL setting. A standard protocol (which includes the choice of datasets and the seen/unseen split) to evaluate such systems is also proposed. Baseline performances are reported using the new protocol on the investigated models. This investigation throws a new challenge to the 3D point cloud recognition community that may instigate numerous future works. 
### 20.A Dictionary-Based Generalization of Robust PCA Part II: Applications to Hyperspectral Demixing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10238.pdf)
>  We consider the task of localizing targets of interest in a hyperspectral (HS) image based on their spectral signature(s), by posing the problem as two distinct convex demixing task(s). With applications ranging from remote sensing to surveillance, this task of target detection leverages the fact that each material/object possesses its own characteristic spectral response, depending upon its composition. However, since $\textit{signatures}$ of different materials are often correlated, matched filtering-based approaches may not be apply here. To this end, we model a HS image as a superposition of a low-rank component and a dictionary sparse component, wherein the dictionary consists of the $\textit{a priori}$ known characteristic spectral responses of the target we wish to localize, and develop techniques for two different sparsity structures, resulting from different model assumptions. We also present the corresponding recovery guarantees, leveraging our recent theoretical results from a companion paper. Finally, we analyze the performance of the proposed approach via experimental evaluations on real HS datasets for a classification task, and compare its performance with related techniques. 
### 21.Deep MR Fingerprinting with total-variation and low-rank subspace priors  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10205.pdf)
>  Deep learning (DL) has recently emerged to address the heavy storage and computation requirements of the baseline dictionary-matching (DM) for Magnetic Resonance Fingerprinting (MRF) reconstruction. Fed with non-iterated back-projected images, the network is unable to fully resolve spatially-correlated corruptions caused from the undersampling artefacts. We propose an accelerated iterative reconstruction to minimize these artefacts before feeding into the network. This is done through a convex regularization that jointly promotes spatio-temporal regularities of the MRF time-series. Except for training, the rest of the parameter estimation pipeline is dictionary-free. We validate the proposed approach on synthetic and in-vivo datasets. 
### 22.Learning Latent Scene-Graph Representations for Referring Relationships  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10200.pdf)
>  Understanding the semantics of complex visual scenes often requires analyzing a network of objects and their relations. Such networks are known as scene-graphs. While scene-graphs have great potential for machine vision applications, learning scene-graph based models is challenging. One reason is the complexity of the graph representation, and the other is the lack of large scale data for training broad coverage graphs. In this work we propose a way of addressing these difficulties, via the concept of a Latent Scene Graph. We describe a family of models that uses &#34;scene-graph like&#34; representations, and uses them in downstream tasks. Furthermore, we show how these representations can be trained from partial supervision. Finally, we show how our approach can be used to achieve new state of the art results on the challenging problem of referring relationships. 
### 23.From explanation to synthesis: Compositional program induction for learning from demonstration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10657.pdf)
>  Hybrid systems are a compact and natural mechanism with which to address problems in robotics. This work introduces an approach to learning hybrid systems from demonstrations, with an emphasis on extracting models that are explicitly verifiable and easily interpreted by robot operators. We fit a sequence of controllers using sequential importance sampling under a generative switching proportional controller task model. Here, we parameterise controllers using a proportional gain and a visually verifiable joint angle goal. Inference under this model is challenging, but we address this by introducing an attribution prior extracted from a neural end-to-end visuomotor control model. Given the sequence of controllers comprising a task, we simplify the trace using grammar parsing strategies, taking advantage of the sequence compositionality, before grounding the controllers by training perception networks to predict goals given images. Using this approach, we are successfully able to induce a program for a visuomotor reaching task involving loops and conditionals from a single demonstration and a neural end-to-end model. In addition, we are able to discover the program used for a tower building task. We argue that computer program-like control systems are more interpretable than alternative end-to-end learning approaches, and that hybrid systems inherently allow for better generalisation across task configurations. 
### 24.Road is Enough! Extrinsic Calibration of Non-overlapping Stereo Camera and LiDAR using Road Information  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10586.pdf)
>  This paper presents a framework for the targetless extrinsic calibration of stereo cameras and Light Detection and Ranging (LiDAR) sensors with a non-overlapping Field of View (FOV). In order to solve the extrinsic calibrations problem under such challenging configuration, the proposed solution exploits road markings as static and robust features among the various dynamic objects that are present in urban environment. First, this study utilizes road markings that are commonly captured by the two sensor modalities to select informative images for estimating the extrinsic parameters. In order to accomplish stable optimization, multiple cost functions are defined, including Normalized Information Distance (NID), edge alignment and, plane fitting cost. Therefore a smooth cost curve is formed for global optimization to prevent convergence to the local optimal point. We further evaluate each cost function by examining parameter sensitivity near the optimal point. Another key characteristic of extrinsic calibration, repeatability, is analyzed by conducting the proposed method multiple times with varying randomly perturbed initial points. 
### 25.DeepLO: Geometry-Aware Deep LiDAR Odometry  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10562.pdf)
>  Recently, learning-based ego-motion estimation approaches have drawn strong interest from studies mostly focusing on visual perception. These groundbreaking works focus on unsupervised learning for odometry estimation but mostly for visual sensors. Compared to images, a learning-based approach using Light Detection and Ranging (LiDAR) has been reported in a few studies where, most often, a supervised learning framework is proposed. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to geometry-aware deep LiDAR odometry trainable via both supervised and unsupervised frameworks. We incorporate the Iterated Closest Point (ICP) algorithm into a deep-learning framework and show the reliability of the proposed pipeline. We provide two loss functions that allow switching between supervised and unsupervised learning depending on the ground-truth validity in the training phase. An evaluation using the KITTI and Oxford RobotCar dataset demonstrates the prominent performance and efficiency of the proposed method when achieving pose accuracy. 
### 26.Computing Nonlinear Eigenfunctions via Gradient Flow Extinction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10414.pdf)
>  In this work we investigate the computation of nonlinear eigenfunctions via the extinction profiles of gradient flows. We analyze a scheme that recursively subtracts such eigenfunctions from given data and show that this procedure yields a decomposition of the data into eigenfunctions in some cases as the 1-dimensional total variation, for instance. We discuss results of numerical experiments in which we use extinction profiles and the gradient flow for the task of spectral graph clustering as used, e.g., in machine learning applications. 
### 27.Multi-task hypernetworks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10404.pdf)
>  Hypernetworks mechanism allows to generate and train neural networks (target networks) with use of other neural network (hypernetwork). In this paper, we extend this idea and show that hypernetworks are able to generate target networks, which can be customized to serve different purposes. In particular, we apply this mechanism to create a continuous functional representation of images. Namely, the hypernetwork takes an image and at test time produces weights to a target network, which approximates its RGB pixel intensities. Due to the continuity of representation, we may look at the image at different scales or fill missing regions. Second, we demonstrate how to design a hypernetwork, which produces a generative model for a new data set at test time. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed mechanism can be successfully used in super-resolution and 2D object modeling. 
### 28.TensorMap: Lidar-Based Topological Mapping and Localization via Tensor Decompositions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10226.pdf)
>  We propose a technique to develop (and localize in) topological maps from light detection and ranging (Lidar) data. Localizing an autonomous vehicle with respect to a reference map in real-time is crucial for its safe operation. Owing to the rich information provided by Lidar sensors, these are emerging as a promising choice for this task. However, since a Lidar outputs a large amount of data every fraction of a second, it is progressively harder to process the information in real-time. Consequently, current systems have migrated towards faster alternatives at the expense of accuracy. To overcome this inherent trade-off between latency and accuracy, we propose a technique to develop topological maps from Lidar data using the orthogonal Tucker3 tensor decomposition. Our experimental evaluations demonstrate that in addition to achieving a high compression ratio as compared to full data, the proposed technique, $\textit{TensorMap}$, also accurately detects the position of the vehicle in a graph-based representation of a map. We also analyze the robustness of the proposed technique to Gaussian and translational noise, thus initiating explorations into potential applications of tensor decompositions in Lidar data analysis. 
### 29.Learning to See the Wood for the Trees: Deep Laser Localization in Urban and Natural Environments on a CPU  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10194.pdf)
>  Localization in challenging, natural environments such as forests or woodlands is an important capability for many applications from guiding a robot navigating along a forest trail to monitoring vegetation growth with handheld sensors. In this work we explore laser-based localization in both urban and natural environments, which is suitable for online applications. We propose a deep learning approach capable of learning meaningful descriptors directly from 3D point clouds by comparing triplets (anchor, positive and negative examples). The approach learns a feature space representation for a set of segmented point clouds that are matched between a current and previous observations. Our learning method is tailored towards loop closure detection resulting in a small model which can be deployed using only a CPU. The proposed learning method would allow the full pipeline to run on robots with limited computational payload such as drones, quadrupeds or UGVs. 
### 30.Unmasking Clever Hans Predictors and Assessing What Machines Really Learn  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10178.pdf)
>  Current learning machines have successfully solved hard application problems, reaching high accuracy and displaying seemingly &#34;intelligent&#34; behavior. Here we apply recent techniques for explaining decisions of state-of-the-art learning machines and analyze various tasks from computer vision and arcade games. This showcases a spectrum of problem-solving behaviors ranging from naive and short-sighted, to well-informed and strategic. We observe that standard performance evaluation metrics can be oblivious to distinguishing these diverse problem solving behaviors. Furthermore, we propose our semi-automated Spectral Relevance Analysis that provides a practically effective way of characterizing and validating the behavior of nonlinear learning machines. This helps to assess whether a learned model indeed delivers reliably for the problem that it was conceived for. Furthermore, our work intends to add a voice of caution to the ongoing excitement about machine intelligence and pledges to evaluate and judge some of these recent successes in a more nuanced manner. 
### 31.Deep Learning for Low-Dose CT Denoising  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10127.pdf)
>  Low-dose CT denoising is a challenging task that has been studied by many researchers. Some studies have used deep neural networks to improve the quality of low-dose CT images and achieved fruitful results. In this paper, we propose a deep neural network that uses dilated convolutions with different dilation rates instead of standard convolution helping to capture more contextual information in fewer layers. Also, we have employed residual learning by creating shortcut connections to transmit image information from the early layers to later ones. To further improve the performance of the network, we have introduced a non-trainable edge detection layer that extracts edges in horizontal, vertical, and diagonal directions. Finally, we demonstrate that optimizing the network by a combination of mean-square error loss and perceptual loss preserves many structural details in the CT image. This objective function does not suffer from over smoothing and blurring effects caused by per-pixel loss and grid-like artifacts resulting from perceptual loss. The experiments show that each modification to the network improves the outcome while only minimally changing the complexity of the network. 
