# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 13 Feb 2019
### 1.Center of circle after perspective transformation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04541.pdf)
>  Video-based glint-free eye tracking commonly estimates gaze direction based on the pupil center. The boundary of the pupil is fitted with an ellipse and the euclidean center of the ellipse in the image is taken as the center of the pupil. However, the center of the pupil is generally not mapped to the center of the ellipse by the projective camera transformation. This error resulting from using a point that is not the true center of the pupil directly affects eye tracking accuracy. We investigate the underlying geometric problem of determining the center of a circular object based on its projective image. The main idea is to exploit two concentric circles -- in the application scenario these are the pupil and the iris. We show that it is possible to computed the center and the ratio of the radii from the mapped concentric circles with a direct method that is fast and robust in practice. We evaluate our method on synthetically generated data and find that it improves systematically over using the center of the fitted ellipse. Apart from applications of eye tracking we estimate that our approach will be useful in other tracking applications. 
### 2.Fast-SCNN: Fast Semantic Segmentation Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04502.pdf)
>  The encoder-decoder framework is state-of-the-art for offline semantic image segmentation. Since the rise in autonomous systems, real-time computation is increasingly desirable. In this paper, we introduce fast segmentation convolutional neural network (Fast-SCNN), an above real-time semantic segmentation model on high resolution image data (1024x2048px) suited to efficient computation on embedded devices with low memory. Building on existing two-branch methods for fast segmentation, we introduce our `learning to downsample&#39; module which computes low-level features for multiple resolution branches simultaneously. Our network combines spatial detail at high resolution with deep features extracted at lower resolution, yielding an accuracy of 68.0% mean intersection over union at 123.5 frames per second on Cityscapes. We also show that large scale pre-training is unnecessary. We thoroughly validate our metric in experiments with ImageNet pre-training and the coarse labeled data of Cityscapes. Finally, we show even faster computation with competitive results on subsampled inputs, without any network modifications. 
### 3.Extended 2D Volumetric Consensus Hippocampus Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04487.pdf)
>  Hippocampus segmentation plays a key role in diagnosing various brain disorders such as Alzheimer&#39;s disease, epilepsy, multiple sclerosis, cancer, depression and others. Nowadays, segmentation is still mainly performed manually by specialists. Segmentation done by experts is considered to be a gold-standard when evaluating automated methods, buts it is a time consuming and arduos task, requiring specialized personnel. In recent years, efforts have been made to achieve reliable automated segmentation. For years the best performing authomatic methods were multi atlas based with around 90\% Dice coefficient and very time consuming, but machine learning methods are recently rising with promising time and accuracy performance. A method for volumetric hippocampus segmentation is presented, based on the consensus of tri-planar U-Net inspired fully convolutional networks (FCNNs), with some modifications, including residual connections, VGG weight transfers, batch normalization and a patch extraction technique employing data from neighbor patches. A study on the impact of our modifications to the classical U-Net architecture was performed. Our method achieves cutting edge performance in our dataset, with around 96% volumetric Dice accuracy in our test data, and GPU execution time in the order of seconds per volume. Also, masks are shown to be similar to other recent state-of-the-art hippocampus segmentation methods. 
### 4.MASC: Multi-scale Affinity with Sparse Convolution for 3D Instance Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04478.pdf)
>  We propose a new approach for 3D instance segmentation based on sparse convolution and point affinity prediction, which indicates the likelihood of two points belonging to the same instance. The proposed network, built upon submanifold sparse convolution [3], processes a voxelized point cloud and predicts semantic scores for each occupied voxel as well as the affinity between neighboring voxels at different scales. A simple yet effective clustering algorithm segments points into instances based on the predicted affinity and the mesh topology. The semantic for each instance is determined by the semantic prediction. Experiments show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art instance segmentation methods by a large margin on the widely used ScanNet benchmark [2]. We share our code publicly at <a href="https://github.com/art-programmer/MASC">this https URL</a>. 
### 5.Manifestation of Image Contrast in Deep Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04378.pdf)
>  Contrast is subject to dramatic changes across the visual field, depending on the source of light and scene configurations. Hence, the human visual system has evolved to be more sensitive to contrast than absolute luminance. This feature is equally desired for machine vision: the ability to recognise patterns even when aspects of them are transformed due to variation in local and global contrast. In this work, we thoroughly investigate the impact of image contrast on prominent deep convolutional networks, both during the training and testing phase. The results of conducted experiments testify to an evident deterioration in the accuracy of all state-of-the-art networks at low-contrast images. We demonstrate that &#34;contrast-augmentation&#34; is a sufficient condition to endow a network with invariance to contrast. This practice shows no negative side effects, quite the contrary, it might allow a model to refrain from other illuminance related over-fittings. This ability can also be achieved by a short fine-tuning procedure, which opens new lines of investigation on mechanisms involved in two networks whose weights are over 99.9% correlated, yet astonishingly produce utterly different outcomes. Our further analysis suggests that the optimisation algorithm is an influential factor, however with a significantly lower effect; and while the choice of an architecture manifests a negligible impact on this phenomenon, the first layers appear to be more critical. 
### 6.The effect of scene context on weakly supervised semantic segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04356.pdf)
>  Image semantic segmentation is parsing image into several partitions in such a way that each region of which involves a semantic concept. In a weakly supervised manner, since only image-level labels are available, discriminating objects from the background is challenging, and in some cases, much more difficult. More specifically, some objects which are commonly seen in one specific scene (e.g. &#39;train&#39; typically is seen on &#39;railroad track&#39;) are much more likely to be confused. In this paper, we propose a method to add the target-specific scenes in order to overcome the aforementioned problem. Actually, we propose a scene recommender which suggests to add some specific scene contexts to the target dataset in order to train the model more accurately. It is notable that this idea could be a complementary part of the baselines of many other methods. The experiments validate the effectiveness of the proposed method for the objects for which the scene context is added. 
### 7.GAN- vs. JPEG2000 Image Compression for Distributed Automotive Perception: Higher Peak SNR Does Not Mean Better Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04311.pdf)
>  The high amount of sensors required for autonomous driving poses enormous challenges on the capacity of automotive bus systems. There is a need to understand tradeoffs between bitrate and perception performance. In this paper, we compare the image compression standards JPEG, JPEG2000, and WebP to a modern encoder/decoder image compression approach based on generative adversarial networks (GANs). We evaluate both the pure compression performance using typical metrics such as peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR), structural similarity (SSIM) and others, but also the performance of a subsequent perception function, namely a semantic segmentation (characterized by the mean intersection over union (mIoU) measure). Not surprisingly, for all investigated compression methods, a higher bitrate means better results in all investigated quality metrics. Interestingly, however, we show that the semantic segmentation mIoU of the GAN autoencoder in the highly relevant low-bitrate regime (at 0.0625 bit/pixel) is better by 3.9% absolute than JPEG2000, although the latter still is considerably better in terms of PSNR (5.91 dB difference). This effect can greatly be enlarged by training the semantic segmentation model with images originating from the decoder, so that the mIoU using the segmentation model trained by GAN reconstructions exceeds the use of the model trained with original images by almost 20% absolute. We conclude that distributed perception in future autonomous driving will most probably not provide a solution to the automotive bus capacity bottleneck by using standard compression schemes such as JPEG2000, but requires modern coding approaches, with the GAN encoder/decoder method being a promising candidate. 
### 8.A system for generating complex physically accurate sensor images for automotive applications  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04258.pdf)
>  We describe an open-source simulator that creates sensor irradiance and sensor images of typical automotive scenes in urban settings. The purpose of the system is to support camera design and testing for automotive applications. The user can specify scene parameters (e.g., scene type, road type, traffic density, time of day) to assemble a large number of random scenes from graphics assets stored in a database. The sensor irradiance is generated using quantitative computer graphics methods, and the sensor images are created using image systems sensor simulation. The synthetic sensor images have pixel level annotations; hence, they can be used to train and evaluate neural networks for imaging tasks, such as object detection and classification. The end-to-end simulation system supports quantitative assessment, from scene to camera to network accuracy, for automotive applications. 
### 9.Enhancement Mask for Hippocampus Detection and Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04244.pdf)
>  Detection and segmentation of the hippocampal structures in volumetric brain images is a challenging problem in the area of medical imaging. In this paper, we propose a two-stage 3D fully convolutional neural network that efficiently detects and segments the hippocampal structures. In particular, our approach first localizes the hippocampus from the whole volumetric image while obtaining a proposal for a rough segmentation. After localization, we apply the proposal as an enhancement mask to extract the fine structure of the hippocampus. The proposed method has been evaluated on a public dataset and compares with state-of-the-art approaches. Results indicate the effectiveness of the proposed method, which yields mean Dice Similarity Coefficients (i.e. DSC) of $0.897$ and $0.900$ for the left and right hippocampus, respectively. Furthermore, extensive experiments manifest that the proposed enhancement mask layer has remarkable benefits for accelerating training process and obtaining more accurate segmentation results. 
### 10.RespNet: A deep learning model for extraction of respiration from photoplethysmogram  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04236.pdf)
>  Respiratory ailments afflict a wide range of people and manifests itself through conditions like asthma and sleep apnea. Continuous monitoring of chronic respiratory ailments is seldom used outside the intensive care ward due to the large size and cost of the monitoring system. While Electrocardiogram (ECG) based respiration extraction is a validated approach, its adoption is limited by access to a suitable continuous ECG monitor. Recently, due to the widespread adoption of wearable smartwatches with in-built Photoplethysmogram (PPG) sensor, it is being considered as a viable candidate for continuous and unobtrusive respiration monitoring. Research in this domain, however, has been predominantly focussed on estimating respiration rate from PPG. In this work, a novel end-to-end deep learning network called RespNet is proposed to perform the task of extracting the respiration signal from a given input PPG as opposed to extracting respiration rate. The proposed network was trained and tested on two different datasets utilizing different modalities of reference respiration signal recordings. Also, the similarity and performance of the proposed network against two conventional signal processing approaches for extracting respiration signal were studied. The proposed method was tested on two independent datasets with a Mean Squared Error of 0.262 and 0.145. The Cross-Correlation coefficient of the respective datasets were found to be 0.933 and 0.931. The reported errors and similarity was found to be better than conventional approaches. The proposed approach would aid clinicians to provide comprehensive evaluation of sleep-related respiratory conditions and chronic respiratory ailments while being comfortable and inexpensive for the patient. 
### 11.You Only Look &amp; Listen Once: Towards Fast and Accurate Visual Grounding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04213.pdf)
>  Visual Grounding (VG) aims to locate the most relevant region in an image, based on a flexible natural language query but not a pre-defined label, thus it can be a more useful technique than object detection in practice. Most state-of-the-art methods in VG operate in a two-stage manner, wherein the first stage an object detector is adopted to generate a set of object proposals from the input image and the second stage is simply formulated as a cross-modal matching problem that finds the best match between the language query and all region proposals. This is rather inefficient because there might be hundreds of proposals produced in the first stage that need to be compared in the second stage, not to mention this strategy performs inaccurately. In this paper, we propose an simple, intuitive and much more elegant one-stage detection based method that joints the region proposal and matching stage as a single detection network. The detection is conditioned on the input query with a stack of novel Relation-to-Attention modules that transform the image-to-query relationship to an relation map, which is used to predict the bounding box directly without proposing large numbers of useless region proposals. During the inference, our approach is about 20x ~ 30x faster than previous methods and, remarkably, it achieves 18% ~ 41% absolute performance improvement on top of the state-of-the-art results on several benchmark datasets. We release our code and all the pre-trained models at <a href="https://github.com/openblack/rvg">this https URL</a>. 
### 12.Brain MRI Segmentation using Rule-Based Hybrid Approach  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04207.pdf)
>  Medical image segmentation being a substantial component of image processing plays a significant role to analyze gross anatomy, to locate an infirmity and to plan the surgical procedures. Segmentation of brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is of considerable importance for the accurate diagnosis. However, precise and accurate segmentation of brain MRI is a challenging task. Here, we present an efficient framework for segmentation of brain MR images. For this purpose, Gabor transform method is used to compute features of brain MRI. Then, these features are classified by using four different classifiers i.e., Incremental Supervised Neural Network (ISNN), K-Nearest Neighbor (KNN), Probabilistic Neural Network (PNN), and Support Vector Machine (SVM). Performance of these classifiers is investigated over different images of brain MRI and the variation in the performance of these classifiers is observed for different brain tissues. Thus, we proposed a rule-based hybrid approach to segment brain MRI. Experimental results show that the performance of these classifiers varies over each tissue MRI and the proposed rule-based hybrid approach exhibits better segmentation of brain MRI tissues. 
### 13.De-identification without losing faces  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04202.pdf)
>  Training of deep learning models for computer vision requires large image or video datasets from real world. Often, in collecting such datasets, we need to protect the privacy of the people captured in the images or videos, while still preserve the useful attributes such as facial expressions. In this work, we describe a new face de-identification method that can preserve essential facial attributes in the faces while concealing the identities. Our method takes advantage of the recent advances in face attribute transfer models, while maintaining a high visual quality. Instead of changing factors of the original faces or synthesizing faces completely, our method use a trained facial attribute transfer model to map non-identity related facial attributes to the face of donors, who are a small number (usually 2 to 3) of consented subjects. Using the donors&#39; faces ensures that the natural appearance of the synthesized faces, while ensuring the identity of the synthesized faces are changed. On the other hand, the FATM blends the donors&#39; facial attributes to those of the original faces to diversify the appearance of the synthesized faces. Experimental results on several sets of images and videos demonstrate the effectiveness of our face de-ID algorithm. 
### 14.Riemannian joint dimensionality reduction and dictionary learning on symmetric positive definite manifold  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04186.pdf)
>  Dictionary leaning (DL) and dimensionality reduction (DR) are powerful tools to analyze high-dimensional noisy signals. This paper presents a proposal of a novel Riemannian joint dimensionality reduction and dictionary learning (R-JDRDL) on symmetric positive definite (SPD) manifolds for classification tasks. The joint learning considers the interaction between dimensionality reduction and dictionary learning procedures by connecting them into a unified framework. We exploit a Riemannian optimization framework for solving DL and DR problems jointly. Finally, we demonstrate that the proposed R-JDRDL outperforms existing state-of-the-arts algorithms when used for image classification tasks. 
### 15.ReStoCNet: Residual Stochastic Binary Convolutional Spiking Neural Network for Memory-Efficient Neuromorphic Computing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04161.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose ReStoCNet, a residual stochastic multilayer convolutional Spiking Neural Network (SNN) composed of binary kernels, to reduce the synaptic memory footprint and enhance the computational efficiency of SNNs for complex pattern recognition tasks. ReStoCNet consists of an input layer followed by stacked convolutional layers for hierarchical input feature extraction, pooling layers for dimensionality reduction, and fully-connected layer for inference. In addition, we introduce residual connections between the stacked convolutional layers to improve the hierarchical feature learning capability of deep SNNs. We propose Spike Timing Dependent Plasticity (STDP) based probabilistic learning algorithm, referred to as Hybrid-STDP (HB-STDP), incorporating Hebbian and anti-Hebbian learning mechanisms, to train the binary kernels forming ReStoCNet in a layer-wise unsupervised manner. We demonstrate the efficacy of ReStoCNet and the presented HB-STDP based unsupervised training methodology on the MNIST and CIFAR-10 datasets. We show that residual connections enable the deeper convolutional layers to self-learn useful high-level input features and mitigate the accuracy loss observed in deep SNNs devoid of residual connections. The proposed ReStoCNet offers &gt;20x kernel memory compression compared to full-precision (32-bit) SNN while yielding high enough classification accuracy on the chosen pattern recognition tasks. 
### 16.Learning to Authenticate with Deep Multibiometric Hashing and Neural Network Decoding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04149.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel three-stage multimodal deep hashing neural decoder (MDHND) architecture, which integrates a deep hashing framework with a neural network decoder (NND) to create an effective multibiometric authentication system. The MDHND consists of two separate modules: a multimodal deep hashing (MDH) module, which is used for feature-level fusion and binarization of multiple biometrics, and a neural network decoder (NND) module, which is used to refine the intermediate binary codes generated by the MDH and compensate for the difference between enrollment and probe biometrics (variations in pose, illumination, etc.). Use of NND helps to improve the performance of the overall multimodal authentication system. The MDHND framework is trained in 3 stages using joint optimization of the two modules. In Stage 1, the MDH parameters are trained and learned to generate a shared multimodal latent code; in Stage 2, the latent codes from Stage 1 are passed through a conventional error-correcting code (ECC) decoder to generate the ground truth to train a neural network decoder (NND); in Stage 3, the NND decoder is trained using the ground truth from Stage 2 and the MDH and NND are jointly optimized. Experimental results on a standard multimodal dataset demonstrate the superiority of our method relative to other current multimodal authentication systems. Furthermore, the proposed system can work in both identification and authentication modes. 
### 17.Synthesizing New Retinal Symptom Images by Multiple Generative Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04147.pdf)
>  Age-Related Macular Degeneration (AMD) is an asymptomatic retinal disease which may result in loss of vision. There is limited access to high-quality relevant retinal images and poor understanding of the features defining sub-classes of this disease. Motivated by recent advances in machine learning we specifically explore the potential of generative modeling, using Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) and style transferring, to facilitate clinical diagnosis and disease understanding by feature extraction. We design an analytic pipeline which first generates synthetic retinal images from clinical images; a subsequent verification step is applied. In the synthesizing step we merge GANs (DCGANs and WGANs architectures) and style transferring for the image generation, whereas the verified step controls the accuracy of the generated images. We find that the generated images contain sufficient pathological details to facilitate ophthalmologists&#39; task of disease classification and in discovery of disease relevant features. In particular, our system predicts the drusen and geographic atrophy sub-classes of AMD. Furthermore, the performance using CFP images for GANs outperforms the classification based on using only the original clinical dataset. Our results are evaluated using existing classifier of retinal diseases and class activated maps, supporting the predictive power of the synthetic images and their utility for feature extraction. Our code examples are available online. 
### 18.Max-C and Min-D Projection Autoassociative Fuzzy Morphological Memories: Theory and Applications for Face Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04144.pdf)
>  Max-C and min-D projection autoassociative fuzzy morphological memories (max-C and min-D PAFMMs) are two layer feedforward fuzzy morphological neural networks able to implement an associative memory designed for the storage and retrieval of finite fuzzy sets or vectors on a hypercube. In this paper we address the main features of these autoassociative memories, which include unlimited absolute storage capacity, fast retrieval of stored items, few spurious memories, and an excellent tolerance to either dilative noise or erosive noise. Particular attention is given to the so-called PAFMM of Zadeh which, besides performing no floating-point operations, exhibit the largest noise tolerance among max-C and min-D PAFMMs. Computational experiments reveal that Zadeh&#39;s max-C PFAMM, combined with a noise masking strategy, yields a fast and robust classifier with strong potential for face recognition. 
### 19.Using Deep Cross Modal Hashing and Error Correcting Codes for Improving the Efficiency of Attribute Guided Facial Image Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04139.pdf)
>  With benefits of fast query speed and low storage cost, hashing-based image retrieval approaches have garnered considerable attention from the research community. In this paper, we propose a novel Error-Corrected Deep Cross Modal Hashing (CMH-ECC) method which uses a bitmap specifying the presence of certain facial attributes as an input query to retrieve relevant face images from the database. In this architecture, we generate compact hash codes using an end-to-end deep learning module, which effectively captures the inherent relationships between the face and attribute modality. We also integrate our deep learning module with forward error correction codes to further reduce the distance between different modalities of the same subject. Specifically, the properties of deep hashing and forward error correction codes are exploited to design a cross modal hashing framework with high retrieval performance. Experimental results using two standard datasets with facial attributes-image modalities indicate that our CMH-ECC face image retrieval model outperforms most of the current attribute-based face image retrieval approaches. 
### 20.Bag of Freebies for Training Object Detection Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04103.pdf)
>  Comparing with enormous research achievements targeting better image classification models, efforts applied to object detector training are dwarfed in terms of popularity and universality. Due to significantly more complex network structures and optimization targets, various training strategies and pipelines are specifically designed for certain detection algorithms and no other. In this work, we explore universal tweaks that help boosting the performance of state-of-the-art object detection models to a new level without sacrificing inference speed. Our experiments indicate that these freebies can be as much as 5% absolute precision increase that everyone should consider applying to object detection training to a certain degree. 
### 21.Psi-Net: Shape and boundary aware joint multi-task deep network for medical image segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04099.pdf)
>  Medical image segmentation is a primary task in many applications, and the accuracy of the segmentation is a necessity. Recently, many deep learning networks derived from U-Net have been extensively used and have achieved notable results. To further improve and refine the performance of U-Net, parallel decoders along with mask prediction decoder have been carried out and have shown significant improvement with additional advantages. In our work, we utilize the advantages of using a combination of contour and distance map as regularizers. In turn, we propose a novel architecture Psi-Net with a single encoder and three parallel decoders, one decoder to learn the mask and other two to learn the auxiliary tasks of contour detection and distance map estimation. The learning of these auxiliary tasks helps in capturing the shape and boundary. We also propose a new joint loss function for the proposed architecture. The loss function consists of a weighted combination of Negative likelihood and Mean Square Error loss. We have used two publicly available datasets: 1) Origa dataset for the task of optic cup and disc segmentation and 2) Endovis segment dataset for the task of polyp segmentation to evaluate our model. We have conducted extensive experiments using our network to show our model gives better results in terms of segmentation, boundary and shape metrics. 
### 22.Joint Training of Neural Network Ensembles  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04422.pdf)
>  We examine the practice of joint training for neural network ensembles, in which a multi-branch architecture is trained via single loss. This approach has recently gained traction, with claims of greater accuracy per parameter along with increased parallelism. We introduce a family of novel loss functions generalizing multiple previously proposed approaches, with which we study theoretical and empirical properties of joint training. These losses interpolate smoothly between independent and joint training of predictors, demonstrating that joint training has several disadvantages not observed in prior work. However, with appropriate regularization via our proposed loss, the method shows new promise in resource limited scenarios and fault-tolerant systems, e.g., IoT and edge devices. Finally, we discuss how these results may have implications for general multi-branch architectures such as ResNeXt and Inception. 
### 23.Density Estimation and Incremental Learning of Latent Vector for Generative Autoencoders  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04294.pdf)
>  In this paper, we treat the image generation task using the autoencoder, a representative latent model. Unlike many studies regularizing the latent variable&#39;s distribution by assuming a manually specified prior, we approach the image generation task using an autoencoder by directly estimating the latent distribution. To do this, we introduce &#39;latent density estimator&#39; which captures latent distribution explicitly and propose its structure. In addition, we propose an incremental learning strategy of latent variables so that the autoencoder learns important features of data by using the structural characteristics of under-complete autoencoder without an explicit regularization term in the objective function. Through experiments, we show the effectiveness of the proposed latent density estimator and the incremental learning strategy of latent variables. We also show that our generative model generates images with improved visual quality compared to previous generative models based on autoencoders. 
### 24.Towards Self-Supervised High Level Sensor Fusion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04272.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a framework to control a self-driving car by fusing raw information from RGB images and depth maps. A deep neural network architecture is used for mapping the vision and depth information, respectively, to steering commands. This fusion of information from two sensor sources allows to provide redundancy and fault tolerance in the presence of sensor failures. Even if one of the input sensors fails to produce the correct output, the other functioning sensor would still be able to maneuver the car. Such redundancy is crucial in the critical application of self-driving cars. The experimental results have showed that our method is capable of learning to use the relevant sensor information even when one of the sensors fail without any explicit signal. 
### 25.MaCow: Masked Convolutional Generative Flow  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04208.pdf)
>  Flow-based generative models, conceptually attractive due to tractability of both the exact log-likelihood computation and latent-variable inference, and efficiency of both training and sampling, has led to a number of impressive empirical successes and spawned many advanced variants and theoretical investigations. Despite their computational efficiency, the density estimation performance of flow-based generative models significantly falls behind those of state-of-the-art autoregressive models. In this work, we introduce masked convolutional generative flow (MaCow), a simple yet effective architecture of generative flow using masked convolution. By restricting the local connectivity in a small kernel, MaCow enjoys the properties of fast and stable training, and efficient sampling, while achieving significant improvements over Glow for density estimation on standard image benchmarks, considerably narrowing the gap to autoregressive models. 
### 26.Iteratively reweighted penalty alternating minimization methods with continuation for image deblurring  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.04062.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider a class of nonconvex problems with linear constraints appearing frequently in the area of image processing. We solve this problem by the penalty method and propose the iteratively reweighted alternating minimization algorithm. To speed up the algorithm, we also apply the continuation strategy to the penalty parameter. A convergence result is proved for the algorithm. Compared with the nonconvex ADMM, the proposed algorithm enjoys both theoretical and computational advantages like weaker convergence requirements and faster speed. Numerical results demonstrate the efficiency of the proposed algorithm. 
