# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 25 Feb 2019
### 1.Towards end-to-end pulsed eddy current classification and regression with CNN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.08553.pdf)
>  Pulsed eddy current (PEC) is an effective electromagnetic non-destructive inspection (NDI) technique for metal materials, which has already been widely adopted in detecting cracking and corrosion in some multi-layer structures. Automatically inspecting the defects in these structures would be conducive to further analysis and treatment of them. In this paper, we propose an effective end-to-end model using convolutional neural networks (CNN) to learn effective features from PEC data. Specifically, we construct a multi-task generic model, based on 1D CNN, to predict both the class and depth of flaws simultaneously. Extensive experiments demonstrate our model is capable of handling both classification and regression tasks on PEC data. Our proposed model obtains higher accuracy and lower error compared to other standard methods. 
### 2.Image Aesthetics Assessment Using Composite Features from off-the-Shelf Deep Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.08546.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks have recently achieved great success on image aesthetics assessment task. In this paper, we propose an efficient method which takes the global, local and scene-aware information of images into consideration and exploits the composite features extracted from corresponding pretrained deep learning models to classify the derived features with support vector machine. Contrary to popular methods that require fine-tuning or training a new model from scratch, our training-free method directly takes the deep features generated by off-the-shelf models for image classification and scene recognition. Also, we analyzed the factors that could influence the performance from two aspects: the architecture of the deep neural network and the contribution of local and scene-aware information. It turns out that deep residual network could produce more aesthetics-aware image representation and composite features lead to the improvement of overall performance. Experiments on common large-scale aesthetics assessment benchmarks demonstrate that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art results in photo aesthetics assessment. 
### 3.Effective 3D Humerus and Scapula Extraction using Low-contrast and High-shape-variability MR Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.08527.pdf)
>  For the initial shoulder preoperative diagnosis, it is essential to obtain a three-dimensional (3D) bone mask from medical images, e.g., magnetic resonance (MR). However, obtaining high-resolution and dense medical scans is both costly and time-consuming. In addition, the imaging parameters for each 3D scan may vary from time to time and thus increase the variance between images. Therefore, it is practical to consider the bone extraction on low-resolution data which may influence imaging contrast and make the segmentation work difficult. In this paper, we present a joint segmentation for the humerus and scapula bones on a small dataset with low-contrast and high-shape-variability 3D MR images. The proposed network has a deep end-to-end architecture to obtain the initial 3D bone masks. Because the existing scarce and inaccurate human-labeled ground truth, we design a self-reinforced learning strategy to increase performance. By comparing with the non-reinforced segmentation and a classical multi-atlas method with joint label fusion, the proposed approach obtains better results. 
### 4.The Multi-Lane Capsule Network (MLCN)  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.08431.pdf)
>  We introduce Multi-Lane Capsule Networks (MLCN), which are a separable and resource efficient organization of Capsule Networks (CapsNet) that allows parallel processing, while achieving high accuracy at reduced cost. A MLCN is composed of a number of (distinct) parallel lanes, each contributing to a dimension of the result, trained using the routing-by-agreement organization of CapsNet. Our results indicate similar accuracy with a much reduced cost in number of parameters for the Fashion-MNIST and Cifar10 datsets. They also indicate that the MLCN outperforms the original CapsNet when using a proposed novel configuration for the lanes. MLCN also has faster training and inference times, being more than two-fold faster than the original CapsNet in the same accelerator. 
### 5.A laboratory-created dataset with ground-truth for hyperspectral unmixing evaluation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.08347.pdf)
>  Spectral unmixing is an important and challenging problem in hyperspectral data processing. This topic has been extensively studied and a variety of unmixing algorithms have been proposed in the literature. However, the lack of publicly available dataset with ground-truth makes it difficult to evaluate and compare the performance of unmixing algorithms in a quantitative and objective manner. Most of the existing works rely on the use of numerical synthetic data and an intuitive inspection of the results of real data. To alleviate this dilemma, in this study, we design several experimental scenes in our laboratory, including printed checkerboards, mixed quartz sands, and reflection with a vertical board. A dataset is then created by imaging these scenes with the hyperspectral camera in our laboratory, providing 36 mixtures with more than 130, 000 pixels with 256 wavelength bands ranging from 400nm to 1000nm. The experimental settings are strictly controlled so that pure material spectral signatures and material compositions are known. To the best of our knowledge, this dataset is the first publicly available dataset created in a systematic manner with ground-truth for spectral unmixing. Some typical linear and nonlinear unmixing algorithms are also tested with this dataset and lead to meaningful results. 
### 6.Lung Cancer Detection using Co-learning from Chest CT Images and Clinical Demographics  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.08236.pdf)
>  Early detection of lung cancer is essential in reducing mortality. Recent studies have demonstrated the clinical utility of low-dose computed tomography (CT) to detect lung cancer among individuals selected based on very limited clinical information. However, this strategy yields high false positive rates, which can lead to unnecessary and potentially harmful procedures. To address such challenges, we established a pipeline that co-learns from detailed clinical demographics and 3D CT images. Toward this end, we leveraged data from the Consortium for Molecular and Cellular Characterization of Screen-Detected Lesions (MCL), which focuses on early detection of lung cancer. A 3D attention-based deep convolutional neural net (DCNN) is proposed to identify lung cancer from the chest CT scan without prior anatomical location of the suspicious nodule. To improve upon the non-invasive discrimination between benign and malignant, we applied a random forest classifier to a dataset integrating clinical information to imaging data. The results show that the AUC obtained from clinical demographics alone was 0.635 while the attention network alone reached an accuracy of 0.687. In contrast when applying our proposed pipeline integrating clinical and imaging variables, we reached an AUC of 0.787 on the testing dataset. The proposed network both efficiently captures anatomical information for classification and also generates attention maps that explain the features that drive performance. 
### 7.Online Multi-Object Tracking with Instance-Aware Tracker and Dynamic Model Refreshment  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.08231.pdf)
>  Recent progresses in model-free single object tracking (SOT) algorithms have largely inspired applying SOT to \emph{multi-object tracking} (MOT) to improve the robustness as well as relieving dependency on external detector. However, SOT algorithms are generally designed for distinguishing a target from its environment, and hence meet problems when a target is spatially mixed with similar objects as observed frequently in MOT. To address this issue, in this paper we propose an instance-aware tracker to integrate SOT techniques for MOT by encoding awareness both within and between target models. In particular, we construct each target model by fusing information for distinguishing target both from background and other instances (tracking targets). To conserve uniqueness of all target models, our instance-aware tracker considers response maps from all target models and assigns spatial locations exclusively to optimize the overall accuracy. Another contribution we make is a dynamic model refreshing strategy learned by a convolutional neural network. This strategy helps to eliminate initialization noise as well as to adapt to the variation of target size and appearance. To show the effectiveness of the proposed approach, it is evaluated on the popular MOT15 and MOT16 challenge benchmarks. On both benchmarks, our approach achieves the best overall performances in comparison with published results. 
### 8.Blind Hyperspectral-Multispectral Image Fusion via Graph Laplacian Regularization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.08224.pdf)
>  Fusing a low-resolution hyperspectral image (HSI) and a high-resolution multispectral image (MSI) of the same scene leads to a super-resolution image (SRI), which is information rich spatially and spectrally. In this paper, we super-resolve the HSI using the graph Laplacian defined on the MSI. Unlike many existing works, we don&#39;t assume prior knowledge about the spatial degradation from SRI to HSI, nor a perfectly aligned HSI and MSI pair. Our algorithm progressively alternates between finding the blur kernel and fusing HSI with MSI, generating accurate estimations of the blur kernel and the SRI at convergence. Experiments on various datasets demonstrate the advantages of the proposed algorithm in the quality of fusion and its capability in dealing with unknown spatial degradation. 
### 9.Jointly Sparse Convolutional Neural Networks in Dual Spatial-Winograd Domains  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.08192.pdf)
>  We consider the optimization of deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) such that they provide good performance while having reduced complexity if deployed on either conventional systems with spatial-domain convolution or lower-complexity systems designed for Winograd convolution. The proposed framework produces one compressed model whose convolutional filters can be made sparse either in the spatial domain or in the Winograd domain. Hence, the compressed model can be deployed universally on any platform, without need for re-training on the deployed platform. To get a better compression ratio, the sparse model is compressed in the spatial domain that has a fewer number of parameters. From our experiments, we obtain $24.2\times$ and $47.7\times$ compressed models for ResNet-18 and AlexNet trained on the ImageNet dataset, while their computational cost is also reduced by $4.5\times$ and $5.1\times$, respectively. 
### 10.ParticleNet: Jet Tagging via Particle Clouds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.08570.pdf)
>  How to represent a jet is at the core of machine learning on jet physics. Inspired by the notion of point cloud, we propose a new approach that considers a jet as an unordered set of its constituent particles, effectively a &#34;particle cloud&#34;. Such particle cloud representation of jets is efficient in incorporating raw information of jets and also explicitly respects the permutation symmetry. Based on the particle cloud representation, we propose ParticleNet, a customized neural network architecture using Dynamic Graph CNN for jet tagging problems. The ParticleNet architecture achieves state-of-the-art performance on two representative jet tagging benchmarks and improves significantly over existing methods. 
### 11.Large-Scale Answerer in Questioner&#39;s Mind for Visual Dialog Question Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.08355.pdf)
>  Answerer in Questioner&#39;s Mind (AQM) is an information-theoretic framework that has been recently proposed for task-oriented dialog systems. AQM benefits from asking a question that would maximize the information gain when it is asked. However, due to its intrinsic nature of explicitly calculating the information gain, AQM has a limitation when the solution space is very large. To address this, we propose AQM+ that can deal with a large-scale problem and ask a question that is more coherent to the current context of the dialog. We evaluate our method on GuessWhich, a challenging task-oriented visual dialog problem, where the number of candidate classes is near 10K. Our experimental results and ablation studies show that AQM+ outperforms the state-of-the-art models by a remarkable margin with a reasonable approximation. In particular, the proposed AQM+ reduces more than 60% of error as the dialog proceeds, while the comparative algorithms diminish the error by less than 6%. Based on our results, we argue that AQM+ is a general task-oriented dialog algorithm that can be applied for non-yes-or-no responses. 
### 12.On the Sensitivity of Adversarial Robustness to Input Data Distributions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.08336.pdf)
>  Neural networks are vulnerable to small adversarial perturbations. Existing literature largely focused on understanding and mitigating the vulnerability of learned models. In this paper, we demonstrate an intriguing phenomenon about the most popular robust training method in the literature, adversarial training: Adversarial robustness, unlike clean accuracy, is sensitive to the input data distribution. Even a semantics-preserving transformations on the input data distribution can cause a significantly different robustness for the adversarial trained model that is both trained and evaluated on the new distribution. Our discovery of such sensitivity on data distribution is based on a study which disentangles the behaviors of clean accuracy and robust accuracy of the Bayes classifier. Empirical investigations further confirm our finding. We construct semantically-identical variants for MNIST and CIFAR10 respectively, and show that standardly trained models achieve comparable clean accuracies on them, but adversarially trained models achieve significantly different robustness accuracies. This counter-intuitive phenomenon indicates that input data distribution alone can affect the adversarial robustness of trained neural networks, not necessarily the tasks themselves. Lastly, we discuss the practical implications on evaluating adversarial robustness, and make initial attempts to understand this complex phenomenon. 
### 13.End-to-End Jet Classification of Quarks and Gluons with the CMS Open Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.08276.pdf)
>  We describe the construction of end-to-end jet image classifiers based on simulated low-level detector data to discriminate quark- vs. gluon-initiated jets with high-fidelity simulated CMS Open Data. We highlight the importance of precise spatial information and demonstrate competitive performance to existing state-of-the-art jet classifiers. We further generalize the end-to-end approach to event-level classification of quark vs. gluon di-jet QCD events. We compare the fully end-to-end approach to using hand-engineered features and demonstrate that the end-to-end algorithm is robust against the effects of underlying event and pile-up. 
