# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 20 Feb 2019
### 1.Transfusion: Understanding Transfer Learning with Applications to Medical Imaging  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.07208.pdf)
>  With the increasingly varied applications of deep learning, transfer learning has emerged as a critically important technique. However, the central question of how much feature reuse in transfer is the source of benefit remains unanswered. In this paper, we present an in-depth analysis of the effects of transfer, focusing on medical imaging, which is a particularly intriguing setting. Here, transfer learning is extremely popular, but data differences between pretraining and finetuing are considerable, reiterating the question of what is transferred. With experiments on two large scale medical imaging datasets, and CIFAR-10, we find transfer has almost negligible effects on performance, but significantly helps convergence speed. However, in all of these settings, convergence without transfer can be sped up dramatically by using only mean and variance statistics of the pretrained weights. Visualizing the lower layer filters shows that models trained from random initialization do not learn Gabor filters on medical images. We use CCA (canonical correlation analysis) to study the learned representations of the different models, finding that pretrained models are surprisingly similar to random initialization at higher layers. This similarity is evidenced both through model learning dynamics and a transfusion experiment, which explores the convergence speed using a subset of pretrained weights. 
### 2.Directional Regularized Tensor Modeling for Video Rain Streaks Removal  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.07090.pdf)
>  Outdoor videos sometimes contain unexpected rain streaks due to the rainy weather, which bring negative effects on subsequent computer vision applications, e.g., video surveillance, object recognition and tracking, etc. In this paper, we propose a directional regularized tensor-based video deraining model by taking into consideration the arbitrary direction of rain streaks. In particular, the sparsity of rain streaks in spatial and derivative domains, the spatiotemporal sparsity and low-rank property of video background are incorporated into the proposed method. Different from many previous methods under the assumption of vertically falling rain streaks, we consider a more realistic assumption that all the rain streaks in a video fall in an approximately similar arbitrary direction. The resulting complicated optimization problem will be effectively solved through an alternating direction method. Comprehensive experiments on both synthetic and realistic datasets have demonstrated the superiority of the proposed deraining method. 
### 3.Variational Regularized Transmission Refinement for Image Dehazing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.07069.pdf)
>  High-quality dehazing performance is highly dependent upon the accurate estimation of transmission map. In this work, the coarse estimation version is first obtained by weightedly fusing two different transmission maps, which are generated from foreground and sky regions, respectively. A hybrid variational model with promoted regularization terms is then proposed to assisting in refining transmission map. The resulting complicated optimization problem is effectively solved via an alternating direction algorithm. The final haze-free image can be effectively obtained according to the refined transmission map and atmospheric scattering model. Our dehazing framework has the capacity of preserving important image details while suppressing undesirable artifacts, even for hazy images with large sky regions. Experiments on both synthetic and realistic images have illustrated that the proposed method is competitive with or even outperforms the state-of-the-art dehazing techniques under different imaging conditions. 
### 4.Detector-in-Detector: Multi-Level Analysis for Human-Parts  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.07017.pdf)
>  Vision-based person, hand or face detection approaches have achieved incredible success in recent years with the development of deep convolutional neural network (CNN). In this paper, we take the inherent correlation between the body and body parts into account and propose a new framework to boost up the detection performance of the multi-level objects. In particular, we adopt a region-based object detection structure with two carefully designed detectors to separately pay attention to the human body and body parts in a coarse-to-fine manner, which we call Detector-in-Detector network (DID-Net). The first detector is designed to detect human body, hand, and face. The second detector, based on the body detection results of the first detector, mainly focus on the detection of small hand and face inside each body. The framework is trained in an end-to-end way by optimizing a multi-task loss. Due to the lack of human body, face and hand detection dataset, we have collected and labeled a new large dataset named Human-Parts with 14,962 images and 106,879 annotations. Experiments show that our method can achieve excellent performance on Human-Parts. 
### 5.Evaluating the Effectiveness of Automated Identity Masking (AIM) Methods with Human Perception  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.06967.pdf)
>  Face de-identification algorithms have been developed in response to the prevalent use of public video recordings and surveillance cameras. Here, we evaluated the success of identity masking in the context of monitoring drivers as they actively operate a motor vehicle. We compared the effectiveness of eight de-identification algorithms using human perceivers. The algorithms we tested included the personalized supervised bilinear regression method for Facial Action Transfer (FAT), the DMask method, which renders a generic avatar face, and two edge-detection methods implemented with and without image polarity inversion (Canny, Scharr). We also used an Overmask approach that combined the FAT and Canny methods. We compared these identity masking methods to identification of an unmasked video of the driver. Human subjects were tested in a standard face recognition experiment in which they learned driver identities with a high resolution (studio-style) image, and were tested subsequently on their ability to recognize masked and unmasked videos of these individuals driving. All masking methods lowered identification accuracy substantially, relative to the unmasked video. The most successful methods, DMask and Canny, lowered human identification performance to near random. In all cases, identifications were made with stringent decision criteria indicating the subjects had low confidence in their decisions. We conclude that carefully tested de-identification approaches, used alone or in combination, can be an effective tool for protecting the privacy of individuals captured in videos. Future work should examine how the most effective methods fare in preserving facial action recognition. 
### 6.Geometry of Deep Generative Models for Disentangled Representations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.06964.pdf)
>  Deep generative models like variational autoencoders approximate the intrinsic geometry of high dimensional data manifolds by learning low-dimensional latent-space variables and an embedding function. The geometric properties of these latent spaces has been studied under the lens of Riemannian geometry; via analysis of the non-linearity of the generator function. In new developments, deep generative models have been used for learning semantically meaningful `disentangled&#39; representations; that capture task relevant attributes while being invariant to other attributes. In this work, we explore the geometry of popular generative models for disentangled representation learning. We use several metrics to compare the properties of latent spaces of disentangled representation models in terms of class separability and curvature of the latent-space. The results we obtain establish that the class distinguishable features in the disentangled latent space exhibits higher curvature as opposed to a variational autoencoder. We evaluate and compare the geometry of three such models with variational autoencoder on two different datasets. Further, our results show that distances and interpolation in the latent space are significantly improved with Riemannian metrics derived from the curvature of the space. We expect these results will have implications on understanding how deep-networks can be made more robust, generalizable, as well as interpretable. 
### 7.Air Quality Measurement Based on Double-Channel Convolutional Neural Network Ensemble Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.06942.pdf)
>  Environmental air quality affects people&#39;s life, obtaining real-time and accurate environmental air quality has a profound guiding significance for the development of social activities. At present, environmental air quality measurement mainly adopts the method that setting air quality detector at specific monitoring points in cities and timing sampling analysis, which is easy to be restricted by time and space factors. Some air quality measurement algorithms related to deep learning mostly adopt a single convolutional neural network to train the whole image, which will ignore the difference of different parts of the image. In this paper, we propose a method for air quality measurement based on double-channel convolutional neural network ensemble learning to solve the problem of feature extraction for different parts of environmental images. Our method mainly includes two aspects: ensemble learning of double-channel convolutional neural network and self-learning weighted feature fusion. We constructed a double-channel convolutional neural network, used each channel to train different parts of the environment images for feature extraction. We propose a feature weight self-learning method, which weights and concatenates the extracted feature vectors, and uses the fused feature vectors to measure air quality. Our method can be applied to the two tasks of air quality grade measurement and air quality index (AQI) measurement. Moreover, we build an environmental image dataset of random time and location condition. The experiments show that our method can achieve nearly 82% average accuracy and a small average absolute error on our test set. At the same time, through contrast experiment, we proved that our proposed method obtained considerable increase in performance compared with single channel convolutional neural network air quality measurements. 
### 8.Predicting tongue motion in unlabeled ultrasound videos using convolutional LSTM neural network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.06927.pdf)
>  A challenge in speech production research is to predict future tongue movements based on a short period of past tongue movements. This study tackles speaker-dependent tongue motion prediction problem in unlabeled ultrasound videos with convolutional long short-term memory (ConvLSTM) networks. The model has been tested on two different ultrasound corpora. ConvLSTM outperforms 3-dimensional convolutional neural network (3DCNN) in predicting the 9\textsuperscript{th} frames based on 8 preceding frames, and also demonstrates good capacity to predict only the tongue contours in future frames. Further tests reveal that ConvLSTM can also learn to predict tongue movements in more distant frames beyond the immediately following frames. Our codes are available at: <a href="https://github.com/shuiliwanwu/ConvLstm-ultrasound-videos">this https URL</a>. 
### 9.Anomaly Detection with Adversarial Dual Autoencoders  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.06924.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised and unsupervised Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN)-based methods have been gaining popularity in anomaly detection task recently. However, GAN training is somewhat challenging and unstable. Inspired from previous work in GAN-based image generation, we introduce a GAN-based anomaly detection framework - Adversarial Dual Autoencoders (ADAE) - consists of two autoencoders as generator and discriminator to increase training stability. We also employ discriminator reconstruction error as anomaly score for better detection performance. Experiments across different datasets of varying complexity show strong evidence of a robust model that can be used in different scenarios, one of which is brain tumor detection. 
### 10.Using Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks to Generate Ground-Level Views From Overhead Imagery  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.06923.pdf)
>  This paper develops a deep-learning framework to synthesize a ground-level view of a location given an overhead image. We propose a novel conditional generative adversarial network (cGAN) in which the trained generator generates realistic looking and representative ground-level images using overhead imagery as auxiliary information. The generator is an encoder-decoder network which allows us to compare low- and high-level features as well as their concatenation for encoding the overhead imagery. We also demonstrate how our framework can be used to perform land cover classification by modifying the trained cGAN to extract features from overhead imagery. This is interesting because, although we are using this modified cGAN as a feature extractor for overhead imagery, it incorporates knowledge of how locations look from the ground. 
### 11.Predicting city safety perception based on visual image content  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.06871.pdf)
>  Safety perception measurement has been a subject of interest in many cities of the world. This is due to its social relevance, and to its effect on some local economic activities. Even though people safety perception is a subjective topic, sometimes it is possible to find out common patterns given a restricted geographical and sociocultural context. This paper presents an approach that makes use of image processing and machine learning techniques to detect with high accuracy urban environment patterns that could affect citizen&#39;s safety perception. 
### 12.Challenging Environments for Traffic Sign Detection: Reliability Assessment under Inclement Conditions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.06857.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art algorithms successfully localize and recognize traffic signs over existing datasets, which are limited in terms of challenging condition type and severity. Therefore, it is not possible to estimate the performance of traffic sign detection algorithms under overlooked challenging conditions. Another shortcoming of existing datasets is the limited utilization of temporal information and the unavailability of consecutive frames and annotations. To overcome these shortcomings, we generated the CURE-TSD video dataset and hosted the first IEEE Video and Image Processing (VIP) Cup within the IEEE Signal Processing Society. In this paper, we provide a detailed description of the CURE-TSD dataset, analyze the characteristics of the top performing algorithms, and provide a performance benchmark. Moreover, we investigate the robustness of the benchmarked algorithms with respect to sign size, challenge type and severity. Benchmarked algorithms are based on state-of-the-art and custom convolutional neural networks that achieved a precision of 0.55 and a recall of 0.32, F0.5 score of 0.48 and F2 score of 0.35. Experimental results show that benchmarked algorithms are highly sensitive to tested challenging conditions, which result in an average performance drop of 0.17 in terms of precision and a performance drop of 0.28 in recall under severe conditions. The dataset is publicly available at <a href="https://ghassanalregib.com/curetsd/">this https URL</a>. 
### 13.WIDER Face and Pedestrian Challenge 2018: Methods and Results  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.06854.pdf)
>  This paper presents a review of the 2018 WIDER Challenge on Face and Pedestrian. The challenge focuses on the problem of precise localization of human faces and bodies, and accurate association of identities. It comprises of three tracks: (i) WIDER Face which aims at soliciting new approaches to advance the state-of-the-art in face detection, (ii) WIDER Pedestrian which aims to find effective and efficient approaches to address the problem of pedestrian detection in unconstrained environments, and (iii) WIDER Person Search which presents an exciting challenge of searching persons across 192 movies. In total, 73 teams made valid submissions to the challenge tracks. We summarize the winning solutions for all three tracks. and present discussions on open problems and potential research directions in these topics. 
### 14.SC-FEGAN: Face Editing Generative Adversarial Network with User&#39;s Sketch and Color  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.06838.pdf)
>  We present a novel image editing system that generates images as the user provides free-form mask, sketch and color as an input. Our system consist of a end-to-end trainable convolutional network. Contrary to the existing methods, our system wholly utilizes free-form user input with color and shape. This allows the system to respond to the user&#39;s sketch and color input, using it as a guideline to generate an image. In our particular work, we trained network with additional style loss which made it possible to generate realistic results, despite large portions of the image being removed. Our proposed network architecture SC-FEGAN is well suited to generate high quality synthetic image using intuitive user inputs. 
### 15.Commodity RGB-D Sensors: Data Acquisition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.06835.pdf)
>  Over the past ten years we have seen a democratization of range sensing technology. While previously range sensors have been highly expensive and only accessible to a few domain experts, such sensors are nowadays ubiquitous and can even be found in the latest generation of mobile devices, e.g., current smartphones. This democratization of range sensing technology was started with the release of the Microsoft Kinect, and since then many different commodity range sensors followed its lead, such as the Primesense Carmine, Asus Xtion Pro, and the Structure Sensor from Occipital. The availability of cheap range sensing technology led to a big leap in research, especially in the context of more powerful static and dynamic reconstruction techniques, starting from 3D scanning applications, such as KinectFusion, to highly accurate face and body tracking approaches. In this chapter, we have a detailed look into the different types of existing range sensors. We discuss the two fundamental types of commodity range sensing techniques in detail, namely passive and active sensing, and we explore the principles these technologies are based on. Our focus is on modern active commodity range sensors based on time-of-flight and structured light. We conclude by discussing the noise characteristics, working ranges, and types of errors made by the different sensing modalities. 
### 16.Motion Equivariant Networks for Event Cameras with the Temporal Normalization Transform  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.06820.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a novel transformation for events from an event camera that is equivariant to optical flow under convolutions in the 3-D spatiotemporal domain. Events are generated by changes in the image, which are typically due to motion, either of the camera or the scene. As a result, different motions result in a different set of events. For learning based tasks based on a static scene such as classification which directly use the events, we must either rely on the learning method to learn the underlying object distinct from the motion, or to memorize all possible motions for each object with extensive data augmentation. Instead, we propose a novel transformation of the input event data which normalizes the $x$ and $y$ positions by the timestamp of each event. We show that this transformation generates a representation of the events that is equivariant to this motion when the optical flow is constant, allowing a deep neural network to learn the classification task without the need for expensive data augmentation. We test our method on the event based N-MNIST dataset, as well as a novel dataset N-MOVING-MNIST, with significantly more variety in motion compared to the standard N-MNIST dataset. In all sequences, we demonstrate that our transformed network is able to achieve similar or better performance compared to a network with a standard volumetric event input, and performs significantly better when the test set has a larger set of motions than seen at training. 
### 17.FreeLabel: A Publicly Available Annotation Tool based on Freehand Traces  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.06806.pdf)
>  Large-scale annotation of image segmentation datasets is often prohibitively expensive, as it usually requires a huge number of worker hours to obtain high-quality results. Abundant and reliable data has been, however, crucial for the advances on image understanding tasks achieved by deep learning models. In this paper, we introduce FreeLabel, an intuitive open-source web interface that allows users to obtain high-quality segmentation masks with just a few freehand scribbles, in a matter of seconds. The efficacy of FreeLabel is quantitatively demonstrated by experimental results on the PASCAL dataset as well as on a dataset from the agricultural domain. Designed to benefit the computer vision community, FreeLabel can be used for both crowdsourced or private annotation and has a modular structure that can be easily adapted for any image dataset. 
### 18.Democratisation of Usable Machine Learning in Computer Vision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.06804.pdf)
>  Many industries are now investing heavily in data science and automation to replace manual tasks and/or to help with decision making, especially in the realm of leveraging computer vision to automate many monitoring, inspection, and surveillance tasks. This has resulted in the emergence of the &#39;data scientist&#39; who is conversant in statistical thinking, machine learning (ML), computer vision, and computer programming. However, as ML becomes more accessible to the general public and more aspects of ML become automated, applications leveraging computer vision are increasingly being created by non-experts with less opportunity for regulatory oversight. This points to the overall need for more educated responsibility for these lay-users of usable ML tools in order to mitigate potentially unethical ramifications. In this paper, we undertake a SWOT analysis to study the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats of building usable ML tools for mass adoption for important areas leveraging ML such as computer vision. The paper proposes a set of data science literacy criteria for educating and supporting lay-users in the responsible development and deployment of ML applications. 
### 19.2D LiDAR Map Prediction via Estimating Motion Flow with GRU  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.06919.pdf)
>  It is a significant problem to predict the 2D LiDAR map at next moment for robotics navigation and path-planning. To tackle this problem, we resort to the motion flow between adjacent maps, as motion flow is a powerful tool to process and analyze the dynamic data, which is named optical flow in video processing. However, unlike video, which contains abundant visual features in each frame, a 2D LiDAR map lacks distinctive local features. To alleviate this challenge, we propose to estimate the motion flow based on deep neural networks inspired by its powerful representation learning ability in estimating the optical flow of the video. To this end, we design a recurrent neural network based on gated recurrent unit, which is named LiDAR-FlowNet. As a recurrent neural network can encode the temporal dynamic information, our LiDAR-FlowNet can estimate motion flow between the current map and the unknown next map only from the current frame and previous frames. A self-supervised strategy is further designed to train the LiDAR-FlowNet model effectively, while no training data need to be manually annotated. With the estimated motion flow, it is straightforward to predict the 2D LiDAR map at the next moment. Experimental results verify the effectiveness of our LiDAR-FlowNet as well as the proposed training strategy. The results of the predicted LiDAR map also show the advantages of our motion flow based method. 
### 20.Fast Compressive Sensing Recovery Using Generative Models with Structured Latent Variables  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.06913.pdf)
>  Deep learning models have significantly improved the visual quality and accuracy on compressive sensing recovery. In this paper, we propose an algorithm for signal reconstruction from compressed measurements with image priors captured by a generative model. We search and constrain on latent variable space to make the method stable when the number of compressed measurements is extremely limited. We show that, by exploiting certain structures of the latent variables, the proposed method produces improved reconstruction accuracy and preserves realistic and non-smooth features in the image. Our algorithm achieves high computation speed by projecting between the original signal space and the latent variable space in an alternating fashion. 
### 21.Low-bit Quantization of Neural Networks for Efficient Inference  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.06822.pdf)
>  Recent breakthrough methods in machine learning make use of increasingly large deep neural networks. The gains in performance have come at the cost of a substantial increase in computation and storage, making real-time implementation on limited hardware a very challenging task. One popular approach to address this challenge is to perform low-bit precision computations via neural network quantization. However, aggressive quantization generally entails a severe penalty in terms of accuracy and usually requires the retraining of the network or resorts to higher bit precision quantization. In this paper, we formalize the linear quantization task as a Minimum Mean Squared Error (MMSE) problem for both weights and activations. This allows low-bit precision inference without the need for full network retraining. The main contributions of our approach is the optimization of the constrained MSE problem at each layer of the network, the hardware aware partitioning of the neural network parameters, and the use of multiple low precision quantized tensors for poorly approximated layers. The proposed approach allows for the first time a linear 4 bits integer precision (INT4) quantization for deployment of pretrained models on limited hardware resources. 
