# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 27 Feb 2019
### 1.Utterance-level Aggregation For Speaker Recognition In The Wild  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10107.pdf)
>  The objective of this paper is speaker recognition &#34;in the wild&#34;-where utterances may be of variable length and also contain irrelevant signals. Crucial elements in the design of deep networks for this task are the type of trunk (frame level) network, and the method of temporal aggregation. We propose a powerful speaker recognition deep network, using a &#34;thin-ResNet&#34; trunk architecture, and a dictionary-based NetVLAD or GhostVLAD layer to aggregate features across time, that can be trained end-to-end. We show that our network achieves state of the art performance by a significant margin on the VoxCeleb1 test set for speaker recognition, whilst requiring fewer parameters than previous methods. We also investigate the effect of utterance length on performance, and conclude that for &#34;in the wild&#34; data, a longer length is beneficial. 
### 2.SceneFlowFields++: Multi-frame Matching, Visibility Prediction, and Robust Interpolation for Scene Flow Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10099.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art scene flow algorithms pursue the conflicting targets of accuracy, run time, and robustness. With the successful concept of pixel-wise matching and sparse-to-dense interpolation, we push the limits of scene flow estimation. Avoiding strong assumptions on the domain or the problem yields a more robust algorithm. This algorithm is fast because we avoid explicit regularization during matching, which allows an efficient computation. Using image information from multiple time steps and explicit visibility prediction based on previous results, we achieve competitive performances on different data sets. Our contributions and results are evaluated in comparative experiments. Overall, we present an accurate scene flow algorithm that is faster and more generic than any individual benchmark leader. 
### 3.TCDCaps: Visual Tracking via Cascaded Dense Capsules  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10054.pdf)
>  The critical challenge in tracking-by-detection framework is how to avoid drift problem during online learning, where the robust features for a variety of appearance changes are difficult to be learned and a reasonable intersection over union (IoU) threshold that defines the true/false positives is hard to set. This paper presents the TCDCaps method to address the problems above via a cascaded dense capsule architecture. To get robust features, we extend original capsules with dense-connected routing, which are referred as DCaps. Depending on the preservation of part-whole relationships in the Capsule Networks, our dense-connected capsules can capture a variety of appearance variations. In addition, to handle the issue of IoU threshold, a cascaded DCaps model (CDCaps) is proposed to improve the quality of candidates, it consists of sequential DCaps trained with increasing IoU thresholds so as to sequentially improve the quality of candidates. Extensive experiments on 3 popular benchmarks demonstrate the robustness of the proposed TCDCaps. 
### 4.Attention-driven Tree-structured Convolutional LSTM for High Dimensional Data Understanding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10053.pdf)
>  Modeling the sequential information of image sequences has been a vital step of various vision tasks and convolutional long short-term memory (ConvLSTM) has demonstrated its superb performance in such spatiotemporal problems. Nevertheless, the hierarchical data structures in a significant amount of tasks (e.g., human body parts and vessel/airway tree in biomedical images) cannot be properly modeled by sequential models. Thus, ConvLSTM is not suitable for tree-structured image data analysis. In order to address these limitations, we present tree-structured ConvLSTM models for tree-structured image analysis tasks which can be trained end-to-end. To demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed tree-structured ConvLSTM model, we present a tree-structured segmentation framework which consists of a tree-structured ConvLSTM and an attention fully convolutional network (FCN) model. The proposed framework is extensively validated on four large-scale coronary artery datasets. The results demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed method. 
### 5.Residual-CNDS for Grand Challenge Scene Dataset  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10030.pdf)
>  Increasing depth of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) is a highly promising method of increasing the accuracy of the (CNNs). Increased CNN depth will also result in increased layer count (parameters), leading to a slow backpropagation convergence prone to overfitting. We trained our model (Residual-CNDS) to classify very large-scale scene datasets MIT Places 205, and MIT Places 365-Standard. The outcome result from the two datasets proved our proposed model (Residual-CNDS) effectively handled the slow convergence, overfitting, and degradation. CNNs that include deep supervision (CNDS) add supplementary branches to the deep convolutional neural network in specified layers by calculating vanishing, effectively addressing delayed convergence and overfitting. Nevertheless, (CNDS) does not resolve degradation; hence, we add residual learning to the (CNDS) in certain layers after studying the best place in which to add it. With this approach we overcome degradation in the very deep network. We have built two models (Residual-CNDS 8), and (Residual-CNDS 10). Moreover, we tested our models on two large-scale datasets, and we compared our results with other recently introduced cutting-edge networks in the domain of top-1 and top-5 classification accuracy. As a result, both of models have shown good improvement, which supports the assertion that the addition of residual connections enhances network CNDS accuracy without adding any computation complexity. 
### 6.STAR-Net: Action Recognition using Spatio-Temporal Activation Reprojection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10024.pdf)
>  While depth cameras and inertial sensors have been frequently leveraged for human action recognition, these sensing modalities are impractical in many scenarios where cost or environmental constraints prohibit their use. As such, there has been recent interest on human action recognition using low-cost, readily-available RGB cameras via deep convolutional neural networks. However, many of the deep convolutional neural networks proposed for action recognition thus far have relied heavily on learning global appearance cues directly from imaging data, resulting in highly complex network architectures that are computationally expensive and difficult to train. Motivated to reduce network complexity and achieve higher performance, we introduce the concept of spatio-temporal activation reprojection (STAR). More specifically, we reproject the spatio-temporal activations generated by human pose estimation layers in space and time using a stack of 3D convolutions. Experimental results on UTD-MHAD and J-HMDB demonstrate that an end-to-end architecture based on the proposed STAR framework (which we nickname STAR-Net) is proficient in single-environment and small-scale applications. On UTD-MHAD, STAR-Net outperforms several methods using richer data modalities such as depth and inertial sensors. 
### 7.Anomalous Situation Detection in Complex Scenes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10016.pdf)
>  In this paper we investigate a robust method to identify anomalies in complex scenes. This task is performed by evaluating the collective behavior by extracting the local binary patterns (LBP) and Laplacian of Gaussian (LoG) features. We fuse both features together which are exploited to train an MLP neural network during the training stage, and the anomaly is identified on the test samples. Considering the challenge of tracking individuals in dense crowded scenes due to multiple occlusions and clutter, in this paper we extract LBP and LoG features and use them as an approximate representation of the anomalous situation. These features well match the appearance of anomaly and their consistency, and accuracy is higher both in regular and irregular areas compared to other descriptors. In this paper, these features are exploited as input prior to train the neural network. The MLP neural network is subsequently explored to consider these features that can detect the anomalous situation. The experimental tests are conducted on a set of benchmark video sequences commonly used for anomaly situation detection. 
### 8.Using Deep Object Features for Image Descriptions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09969.pdf)
>  Inspired by recent advances in leveraging multiple modalities in machine translation, we introduce an encoder-decoder pipeline that uses (1) specific objects within an image and their object labels, (2) a language model for decoding joint embedding of object features and the object labels. Our pipeline merges prior detected objects from the image and their object labels and then learns the sequences of captions describing the particular image. The decoder model learns to extract descriptions for the image from scratch by decoding the joint representation of the object visual features and their object classes conditioned by the encoder component. The idea of the model is to concentrate only on the specific objects of the image and their labels for generating descriptions of the image rather than visual feature of the entire image. The model needs to be calibrated more by adjusting the parameters and settings to result in better accuracy and performance. 
### 9.Mining Objects: Fully Unsupervised Object Discovery and Localization From a Single Image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09968.pdf)
>  The goal of our work is to discover dominant objects without using any annotations. We focus on performing unsupervised object discovery and localization in a strictly general setting where only a single image is given. This is far more challenge than typical co-localization or weakly-supervised localization tasks. To tackle this problem, we propose a simple but effective pattern mining-based method, called Object Mining (OM), which exploits the ad-vantages of data mining and feature representation of pre-trained convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Specifically,Object Mining first converts the feature maps from a pre-trained CNN model into a set of transactions, and then frequent patterns are discovered from transaction data base through pattern mining techniques. We observe that those discovered patterns, i.e., co-occurrence highlighted regions,typically hold appearance and spatial consistency. Motivated by this observation, we can easily discover and localize possible objects by merging relevant meaningful pat-terns in an unsupervised manner. Extensive experiments on a variety of benchmarks demonstrate that Object Mining achieves competitive performance compared with the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 10.An Annotation Saved is an Annotation Earned: Using Fully Synthetic Training for Object Instance Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09967.pdf)
>  Deep learning methods typically require vast amounts of training data to reach their full potential. While some publicly available datasets exists, domain specific data always needs to be collected and manually labeled, an expensive, time consuming and error prone process. Training with synthetic data is therefore very lucrative, as dataset creation and labeling comes for free. We propose a novel method for creating purely synthetic training data for object detection. We leverage a large dataset of 3D background models and densely render them using full domain randomization. This yields background images with realistic shapes and texture on top of which we render the objects of interest. During training, the data generation process follows a curriculum strategy guaranteeing that all foreground models are presented to the network equally under all possible poses and conditions with increasing complexity. As a result, we entirely control the underlying statistics and we create optimal training samples at every stage of training. Using a set of 64 retail objects, we demonstrate that our simple approach enables the training of detectors that outperform models trained with real data on a challenging evaluation dataset. 
### 11.Unsupervised Part Mining for Fine-grained Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09941.pdf)
>  Fine-grained image classification remains challenging due to the large intra-class variance and small inter-class variance. Since the subtle visual differences are only in local regions of discriminative parts among subcategories, part localization is a key issue for fine-grained image classification. Most existing approaches localize object or parts in an image with object or part annotations, which are expensive and labor-consuming. To tackle this issue, we propose a fully unsupervised part mining (UPM) approach to localize the discriminative parts without even image-level annotations, which largely improves the fine-grained classification performance. We first utilize pattern mining techniques to discover frequent patterns, i.e., co-occurrence highlighted regions, in the feature maps extracted from a pre-trained convolutional neural network (CNN) model. Inspired by the fact that these relevant meaningful patterns typically hold appearance and spatial consistency, we then cluster the mined regions to obtain the cluster centers and the discriminative parts surrounding the cluster centers are generated. Importantly, any annotations and sophisticated training procedures are not used in our proposed part localization approach. Finally, a multi-stream classification network is built for aggregating the original, object-level and part-level features simultaneously. Compared with other state-of-the-art approaches, our UPM approach achieves the competitive performance. 
### 12.IF-TTN: Information Fused Temporal Transformation Network for Video Action Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09928.pdf)
>  Effective spatiotemporal feature representation is crucial to the video-based action recognition task. Focusing on discriminate spatiotemporal feature learning, we propose Information Fused Temporal Transformation Network (IF-TTN) for action recognition on top of popular Temporal Segment Network (TSN) framework. In the network, Information Fusion Module (IFM) is designed to fuse the appearance and motion features at multiple ConvNet levels for each video snippet, forming a short-term video descriptor. With fused features as inputs, Temporal Transformation Networks (TTN) are employed to model middle-term temporal transformation between the neighboring snippets following a sequential order. As TSN itself depicts long-term temporal structure by segmental consensus, the proposed network comprehensively considers multiple granularity temporal features. Our IF-TTN achieves the state-of-the-art results on two most popular action recognition datasets: UCF101 and HMDB51. Empirical investigation reveals that our architecture is robust to the input motion map quality. Replacing optical flow with the motion vectors from compressed video stream, the performance is still comparable to the flow-based methods while the testing speed is 10x faster. 
### 13.Region Deformer Networks for Unsupervised Depth Estimation from Unconstrained Monocular Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09907.pdf)
>  While learning based depth estimation from images/videos has achieved substantial progress, there still exist intrinsic limitations. Supervised methods are limited by small amount of ground truth or labeled data and unsupervised methods for monocular videos are mostly based on the static scene assumption, not performing well on real world scenarios with the presence of dynamic objects. In this paper, we propose a new learning based method consisting of DepthNet, PoseNet and Region Deformer Networks (RDN) to estimate depth from unconstrained monocular videos without ground truth supervision. The core contribution lies in RDN for proper handling of rigid and non-rigid motions of various objects such as rigidly moving cars and deformable humans. In particular, a deformation based motion representation is proposed to model individual object motion on 2D images. This representation enables our method to be applicable to diverse unconstrained monocular videos. Our method can not only achieve the state-of-the-art results on standard benchmarks KITTI and Cityscapes, but also show promising results on a crowded pedestrian tracking dataset, which demonstrates the effectiveness of the deformation based motion representation. 
### 14.Diagnosis of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease via Multi-modality 3D Convolutional Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09904.pdf)
>  Alzheimer&#39;s Disease (AD) is one of the most concerned neurodegenerative diseases. In the last decade, studies on AD diagnosis attached great significance to artificial intelligence (AI)-based diagnostic algorithms. Among the diverse modality imaging data, T1-weighted MRI and 18F-FDGPET are widely researched for this task. In this paper, we propose a novel convolutional neural network (CNN) to fuse the multi-modality information including T1-MRI and FDG-PDT images around the hippocampal area for the diagnosis of AD. Different from the traditional machine learning algorithms, this method does not require manually extracted features, and utilizes the stateof-art 3D image-processing CNNs to learn features for the diagnosis and prognosis of AD. To validate the performance of the proposed network, we trained the classifier with paired T1-MRI and FDG-PET images using the ADNI datasets, including 731 Normal (NL) subjects, 647 AD subjects, 441 stable MCI (sMCI) subjects and 326 progressive MCI (pMCI) subjects. We obtained the maximal accuracies of 90.10% for NL/AD task, 87.46% for NL/pMCI task, and 76.90% for sMCI/pMCI task. The proposed framework yields comparative results against state-of-the-art approaches. Moreover, the experimental results have demonstrated that (1) segmentation is not a prerequisite by using CNN, (2) the hippocampal area provides enough information to give a reference to AD diagnosis. Keywords: Alzheimer&#39;s Disease, Multi-modality, Image Classification, CNN, Deep Learning, Hippocampal 
### 15.Disentangled Representation Learning for 3D Face Shape  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09887.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel strategy to design disentangled 3D face shape representation. Specifically, a given 3D face shape is decomposed into identity part and expression part, which are both encoded and decoded in a nonlinear way. To solve this problem, we propose an attribute decomposition framework for 3D face mesh. To better represent face shapes which are usually nonlinear deformed between each other, the face shapes are represented by a vertex based deformation representation rather than Euclidean coordinates. The experimental results demonstrate that our method has better performance than existing methods on decomposing the identity and expression parts. Moreover, more natural expression transfer results can be achieved with our method than existing methods. 
### 16.MC-ISTA-Net: Adaptive Measurement and Initialization and Channel Attention Optimization inspired Neural Network for Compressive Sensing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09878.pdf)
>  The optimization inspired network can bridge convex optimization and neural networks in Compressive Sensing (CS) reconstruction of natural image, like ISTA-Net+, which mapping optimization algorithm: iterative shrinkage-thresholding algorithm (ISTA) into network. However, measurement matrix and input initialization are still hand-crafted, and multi-channel feature map contain information at different frequencies, which is treated equally across channels, hindering the ability of CS reconstruction in optimization-inspired networks. In order to solve the above problems, we proposed MC-ISTA-Net 
### 17.RepNet: Weakly Supervised Training of an Adversarial Reprojection Network for 3D Human Pose Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09868.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of 3D human pose estimation from single images. While for a long time human skeletons were parameterized and fitted to the observation by satisfying a reprojection error, nowadays researchers directly use neural networks to infer the 3D pose from the observations. However, most of these approaches ignore the fact that a reprojection constraint has to be satisfied and are sensitive to overfitting. We tackle the overfitting problem by ignoring 2D to 3D correspondences. This efficiently avoids a simple memorization of the training data and allows for a weakly supervised training. One part of the proposed reprojection network (RepNet) learns a mapping from a distribution of 2D poses to a distribution of 3D poses using an adversarial training approach. Another part of the network estimates the camera. This allows for the definition of a network layer that performs the reprojection of the estimated 3D pose back to 2D which results in a reprojection loss function. Our experiments show that RepNet generalizes well to unknown data and outperforms state-of-the-art methods when applied to unseen data. Moreover, our implementation runs in real-time on a standard desktop PC. 
### 18.Variational Multi-Phase Segmentation using High-Dimensional Local Features  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09863.pdf)
>  We propose a novel method for multi-phase segmentation of images based on high-dimensional local feature vectors. While the method was developed for the segmentation of extremely noisy crystal images based on localized Fourier transforms, the resulting framework is not tied to specific feature descriptors. For instance, using local spectral histograms as features, it allows for robust texture segmentation. The segmentation itself is based on the multi-phase Mumford-Shah model. Initializing the high-dimensional mean features directly is computationally too demanding and ill-posed in practice. This is resolved by projecting the features onto a low-dimensional space using principle component analysis. The resulting objective functional is minimized using a convexification and the Chambolle-Pock algorithm. Numerical results are presented, illustrating that the algorithm is very competitive in texture segmentation with state-of-the-art performance on the Prague benchmark and provides new possibilities in crystal segmentation, being robust to extreme noise and requiring no prior knowledge of the crystal structure. 
### 19.Learning More with Less: Conditional PGGAN-based Data Augmentation for Brain Metastases Detection Using Highly-Rough Annotation on MR images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09856.pdf)
>  Accurate computer-assisted diagnosis can alleviate the risk of overlooking the diagnosis in a clinical environment. Towards this, as a Data Augmentation (DA) technique, Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) can synthesize additional training data to handle small/fragmented medical images from various scanners; those images are realistic but completely different from the original ones, filling the data lack in the real image distribution. However, we cannot easily use them to locate the position of disease areas, considering expert physicians&#39; annotation as time-expensive tasks. Therefore, this paper proposes Conditional Progressive Growing of GANs (CPGGANs), incorporating bounding box conditions into PGGANs to place brain metastases at desired position/size on 256 x 256 Magnetic Resonance (MR) images, for Convolutional Neural Network-based tumor detection; this first GAN-based medical DA using automatic bounding box annotation improves the robustness during training. The results show that CPGGAN-based DA can boost 10% sensitivity in diagnosis with an acceptable amount of additional False Positives---even with physicians&#39; highly-rough and inconsistent bounding box annotation. Surprisingly, further realistic tumor appearance, achieved with additional normal brain MR images for CPGGAN training, does not contribute to detection performance, while even three expert physicians cannot accurately distinguish them from the real ones in Visual Turing Test. 
### 20.Associatively Segmenting Instances and Semantics in Point Clouds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09852.pdf)
>  A 3D point cloud describes the real scene precisely and intuitively.To date how to segment diversified elements in such an informative 3D scene is rarely discussed. In this paper, we first introduce a simple and flexible framework to segment instances and semantics in point clouds simultaneously. Then, we propose two approaches which make the two tasks take advantage of each other, leading to a win-win situation. Specifically, we make instance segmentation benefit from semantic segmentation through learning semantic-aware point-level instance embedding. Meanwhile, semantic features of the points belonging to the same instance are fused together to make more accurate per-point semantic predictions. Our method largely outperforms the state-of-the-art method in 3D instance segmentation along with a significant improvement in 3D semantic segmentation. Code has been made available at: <a href="https://github.com/WXinlong/ASIS">this https URL</a>. 
### 21.Realistic Ultrasonic Environment Simulation Using Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09842.pdf)
>  Recently, realistic data augmentation using neural networks especially generative neural networks (GAN) has achieved outstanding results. The communities main research focus is visual image processing. However, automotive cars and robots are equipped with a large suite of sensors to achieve a high redundancy. In addition to others, ultrasonic sensors are often used due to their low-costs and reliable near field distance measuring capabilities. Hence, Pattern recognition needs to be applied to ultrasonic signals as well. Machine Learning requires extensive data sets and those measurements are time-consuming, expensive and not flexible to hardware and environmental changes. On the other hand, there exists no method to simulate those signals deterministically. We present a novel approach for synthetic ultrasonic signal simulation using conditional GANs (cGANs). For the best of our knowledge, we present the first realistic data augmentation for automotive ultrasonics. The performance of cGANs allows us to bring the realistic environment simulation to a new level. By using setup and environmental parameters as condition, the proposed approach is flexible to external influences. Due to the low complexity and time effort for data generation, we outperform other simulation algorithms, such as finite element method. We verify the outstanding accuracy and realism of our method by applying a detailed statistical analysis and comparing the generated data to an extensive amount of measured signals. 
### 22.Capsule Neural Network based Height Classification using Low-Cost Automotive Ultrasonic Sensors  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09839.pdf)
>  High performance ultrasonic sensor hardware is mainly used in medical applications. Although, the development in automotive scenarios is towards autonomous driving, the ultrasonic sensor hardware still stays low-cost and low-performance, respectively. To overcome the strict hardware limitations, we propose to use capsule neural networks. By the high classification capability of this network architecture, we can achieve outstanding results for performing a detailed height analysis of detected objects. We apply a novel resorting and reshaping method to feed the neural network with ultrasonic data. This increases classification performance and computation speed. We tested the approach under different environmental conditions to verify that the proposed method is working independent of external parameters that is needed for autonomous driving. 
### 23.Generative Visual Dialogue System via Adaptive Reasoning and Weighted Likelihood Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09818.pdf)
>  The key challenge of generative Visual Dialogue (VD) systems is to respond to human queries with informative answers in natural and contiguous conversation flow. Traditional Maximum Likelihood Estimation (MLE)-based methods only learn from positive responses but ignore the negative responses, and consequently tend to yield safe or generic responses. To address this issue, we propose a novel training scheme in conjunction with weighted likelihood estimation (WLE) method. Furthermore, an adaptive multi-modal reasoning module is designed, to accommodate various dialogue scenarios automatically and select relevant information accordingly. The experimental results on the VisDial benchmark demonstrate the superiority of our proposed algorithm over other state-of-the-art approaches, with an improvement of 5.81% on recall@10. 
### 24.LaSO: Label-Set Operations networks for multi-label few-shot learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09811.pdf)
>  Example synthesis is one of the leading methods to tackle the problem of few-shot learning, where only a small number of samples per class are available. However, current synthesis approaches only address the scenario of a single category label per image. In this work, we propose a novel technique for synthesizing samples with multiple labels for the (yet unhandled) multi-label few-shot classification scenario. We propose to combine pairs of given examples in feature space, so that the resulting synthesized feature vectors will correspond to examples whose label sets are obtained through certain set operations on the label sets of the corresponding input pairs. Thus, our method is capable of producing a sample containing the intersection, union or set-difference of labels present in two input samples. As we show, these set operations generalize to labels unseen during training. This enables performing augmentation on examples of novel categories, thus, facilitating multi-label few-shot classifier learning. We conduct numerous experiments showing promising results for the label-set manipulation capabilities of the proposed approach, both directly (using the classification and retrieval metrics), and in the context of performing data augmentation for multi-label few-shot learning. We propose a benchmark for this new and challenging task and show that our method compares favorably to all the common baselines. 
### 25.Recurrent Convolution for Compact and Cost-Adjustable Neural Networks: An Empirical Study  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09809.pdf)
>  Recurrent convolution (RC) shares the same convolutional kernels and unrolls them multiple steps, which is originally proposed to model time-space signals. We argue that RC can be viewed as a model compression strategy for deep convolutional neural networks. RC reduces the redundancy across layers. However, the performance of an RC network is not satisfactory if we directly unroll the same kernels multiple steps. We propose a simple yet effective variant which improves the RC networks: the batch normalization layers of an RC module are learned independently (not shared) for different unrolling steps. Moreover, we verify that RC can perform cost-adjustable inference which is achieved by varying its unrolling steps. We learn double independent BN layers for cost-adjustable RC networks, i.e. independent w.r.t both the unrolling steps of current cell and upstream cell. We provide insights on why the proposed method works successfully. Experiments on both image classification and image denoise demonstrate the effectiveness of our method. 
### 26.Bi-stream Pose Guided Region Ensemble Network for Fingertip Localization from Stereo Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09795.pdf)
>  In human-computer interaction, it is important to accurately estimate the hand pose especially fingertips. However, traditional approaches for fingertip localization mainly rely on depth images and thus suffer considerably from the noise and missing values. Instead of depth images, stereo images can also provide 3D information of hands and promote 3D hand pose estimation. There are nevertheless limitations on the dataset size, global viewpoints, hand articulations and hand shapes in the publicly available stereo-based hand pose datasets. To mitigate these limitations and promote further research on hand pose estimation from stereo images, we propose a new large-scale binocular hand pose dataset called THU-Bi-Hand, offering a new perspective for fingertip localization. In the THU-Bi-Hand dataset, there are 447k pairs of stereo images of different hand shapes from 10 subjects with accurate 3D location annotations of the wrist and five fingertips. Captured with minimal restriction on the range of hand motion, the dataset covers large global viewpoint space and hand articulation space. To better present the performance of fingertip localization on THU-Bi-Hand, we propose a novel scheme termed Bi-stream Pose Guided Region Ensemble Network (Bi-Pose-REN). It extracts more representative feature regions around joint points in the feature maps under the guidance of the previously estimated pose. The feature regions are integrated hierarchically according to the topology of hand joints to regress the refined hand pose. Bi-Pose-REN and several existing methods are evaluated on THU-Bi-Hand so that benchmarks are provided for further research. Experimental results show that our new method has achieved the best performance on THU-Bi-Hand. 
### 27.BoostGAN for Occlusive Profile Face Frontalization and Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09782.pdf)
>  There are many facts affecting human face recognition, such as pose, occlusion, illumination, age, etc. First and foremost are large pose and occlusion problems, which can even result in more than 10% performance degradation. Pose-invariant feature representation and face frontalization with generative adversarial networks (GAN) have been widely used to solve the pose problem. However, the synthesis and recognition of occlusive but profile faces is still an uninvestigated problem. To address this issue, in this paper, we aim to contribute an effective solution on how to recognize occlusive but profile faces, even with facial keypoint region (e.g. eyes, nose, etc.) corrupted. Specifically, we propose a boosting Generative Adversarial Network (BoostGAN) for de-occlusion, frontalization, and recognition of faces. Upon the assumption that facial occlusion is partial and incomplete, multiple patch occluded images are fed as inputs for knowledge boosting, such as identity and texture information. A new aggregation structure composed of a deep GAN for coarse face synthesis and a shallow boosting net for fine face generation is further designed. Exhaustive experiments demonstrate that the proposed approach not only presents clear perceptual photo-realistic results but also shows state-of-the-art recognition performance for occlusive but profile faces. 
### 28.Single-Image Piece-wise Planar 3D Reconstruction via Associative Embedding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09777.pdf)
>  Single-image piece-wise planar 3D reconstruction aims to simultaneously segment plane instances and recover 3D plane parameters from an image. Most recent approaches leverage convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and achieve promising results. However, these methods are limited to detecting a fixed number of planes with certain learned order. To tackle this problem, we propose a novel two-stage method based on associative embedding, inspired by its recent success in instance segmentation. In the first stage, we train a CNN to map each pixel to an embedding space where pixels from the same plane instance have similar embeddings. Then, the plane instances are obtained by grouping the embedding vectors in planar regions via an efficient mean shift clustering algorithm. In the second stage, we estimate the parameter for each plane instance by considering both pixel-level and instance-level consistencies. With the proposed method, we are able to detect an arbitrary number of planes. Extensive experiments on public datasets validate the effectiveness and efficiency of our method. Furthermore, our method runs at 30 fps at the testing time, thus could facilitate many real-time applications such as visual SLAM and human-robot interaction. Code is available at <a href="https://github.com/svip-lab/PlanarReconstruction">this https URL</a>. 
### 29.Stereo R-CNN based 3D Object Detection for Autonomous Driving  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09738.pdf)
>  We propose a 3D object detection method for autonomous driving by fully exploiting the sparse and dense, semantic and geometry information in stereo imagery. Our method, called Stereo R-CNN, extends Faster R-CNN for stereo inputs to simultaneously detect and associate object in left and right images. We add extra branches after stereo Region Proposal Network (RPN) to predict sparse keypoints, viewpoints, and object dimensions, which are combined with 2D left-right boxes to calculate a coarse 3D object bounding box. We then recover the accurate 3D bounding box by a region-based photometric alignment using left and right RoIs. Our method does not require depth input and 3D position supervision, however, outperforms all existing fully supervised image-based methods. Experiments on the challenging KITTI dataset show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art stereo-based method by around 30% AP on both 3D detection and 3D localization tasks. Code will be made publicly available. 
### 30.Harmonic Unpaired Image-to-image Translation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09727.pdf)
>  The recent direction of unpaired image-to-image translation is on one hand very exciting as it alleviates the big burden in obtaining label-intensive pixel-to-pixel supervision, but it is on the other hand not fully satisfactory due to the presence of artifacts and degenerated transformations. In this paper, we take a manifold view of the problem by introducing a smoothness term over the sample graph to attain harmonic functions to enforce consistent mappings during the translation. We develop HarmonicGAN to learn bi-directional translations between the source and the target domains. With the help of similarity-consistency, the inherent self-consistency property of samples can be maintained. Distance metrics defined on two types of features including histogram and CNN are exploited. Under an identical problem setting as CycleGAN, without additional manual inputs and only at a small training-time cost, HarmonicGAN demonstrates a significant qualitative and quantitative improvement over the state of the art, as well as improved interpretability. We show experimental results in a number of applications including medical imaging, object transfiguration, and semantic labeling. We outperform the competing methods in all tasks, and for a medical imaging task in particular our method turns CycleGAN from a failure to a success, halving the mean-squared error, and generating images that radiologists prefer over competing methods in 95% of cases. 
### 31.Learning a Deep ConvNet for Multi-label Classification with Partial Labels  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09720.pdf)
>  Deep ConvNets have shown great performance for single-label image classification (e.g. ImageNet), but it is necessary to move beyond the single-label classification task because pictures of everyday life are inherently multi-label. Multi-label classification is a more difficult task than single-label classification because both the input images and output label spaces are more complex. Furthermore, collecting clean multi-label annotations is more difficult to scale-up than single-label annotations. To reduce the annotation cost, we propose to train a model with partial labels i.e. only some labels are known per image. We first empirically compare different labeling strategies to show the potential for using partial labels on multi-label datasets. Then to learn with partial labels, we introduce a new classification loss that exploits the proportion of known labels per example. Our approach allows the use of the same training settings as when learning with all the annotations. We further explore several curriculum learning based strategies to predict missing labels. Experiments are performed on three large-scale multi-label datasets: MS COCO, NUS-WIDE and Open Images. 
### 32.MFQE 2.0: A New Approach for Multi-frame Quality Enhancement on Compressed Video  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09707.pdf)
>  The past few years have witnessed great success in applying deep learning to enhance the quality of compressed image/video. The existing approaches mainly focus on enhancing the quality of a single frame, not considering the similarity between consecutive frames. Since heavy fluctuation exists across compressed video frames as investigated in this paper, frame similarity can be utilized for quality enhancement of low-quality frames by using their neighboring high-quality frames. This task can be seen as Multi-Frame Quality Enhancement (MFQE). Accordingly, this paper proposes an MFQE approach for compressed video, as the first attempt in this direction. In our approach, we firstly develop a Bidirectional Long Short-Term Memory (BiLSTM) based detector to locate Peak Quality Frames (PQFs) in compressed video. Then, a novel Multi-Frame Convolutional Neural Network (MF-CNN) is designed to enhance the quality of compressed video, in which the non-PQF and its nearest two PQFs are the input. In MF-CNN, motion between the non-PQF and PQFs is compensated by a motion compensation subnet. Subsequently, a quality enhancement subnet fuses the non-PQF and compensated PQFs, and then reduces the compression artifacts of the non-PQF. Finally, experiments validate the effectiveness and generalization ability of our MFQE approach in advancing the state-of-the-art quality enhancement of compressed video. The code of our MFQE approach is available at <a href="https://github.com/RyanXingQL/MFQE2.0.git">this https URL</a>. 
### 33.QLMC-HD: Quasi Large Margin Classifier based on Hyperdisk  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09692.pdf)
>  In the area of data classification, the different classifiers have been developed by its own strengths and weaknesses. Among these classifiers, we propose a method which is based on the maximum margin between two classes. One of the main challenges in this area is dealt with noisy data. In this paper, our aim is to optimize the method of large margin classifier based on hyperdisk (LMC-HD) and incorporate it into quasi-support vector data description (QSVDD) method. In the proposed method, the bounding hypersphere is calculated based on the QSVDD method. So our convex class model is more robust in compared with support vector machine (SVM) and less tight than LMC-HD. Applying this idea causes the reduction of the impact of the noisy data set in classification. Large margin classifiers aim to maximize the margin and minimizing the risk. Sine our proposed method ignores the effect of outliers and noises, so this method has the widest margin compared with other large margin classifiers. In the end, we compare our proposed method with other popular large margin classifiers by the experiments on a set of standard data which indicates our results are more efficient than the others. 
### 34.Self-Selective Correlation Ship Tracking Method for Smart Ocean System  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09690.pdf)
>  In recent years, with the development of the marine industry, navigation environment becomes more complicated. Some artificial intelligence technologies, such as computer vision, can recognize, track and count the sailing ships to ensure the maritime security and facilitates the management for Smart Ocean System. Aiming at the scaling problem and boundary effect problem of traditional correlation filtering methods, we propose a self-selective correlation filtering method based on box regression (BRCF). The proposed method mainly include: 1) A self-selective model with negative samples mining method which effectively reduces the boundary effect in strengthening the classification ability of classifier at the same time; 2) A bounding box regression method combined with a key points matching method for the scale prediction, leading to a fast and efficient calculation. The experimental results show that the proposed method can effectively deal with the problem of ship size changes and background interference. The success rates and precisions were higher than Discriminative Scale Space Tracking (DSST) by over 8 percentage points on the marine traffic dataset of our laboratory. In terms of processing speed, the proposed method is higher than DSST by nearly 22 Frames Per Second (FPS). 
### 35.Event-driven Video Frame Synthesis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09680.pdf)
>  Video frame synthesis is an active computer vision problem which has applications in video compression, streaming, editing, and understanding. In this work, we present a computational high speed video synthesis framework. Our framework takes as inputs two types of data streams: an intensity frame stream and a neuromorphic event stream, which consists of asynchronous bipolar &#34;events&#34; which encode brightness variations over time at over 1000 fps. We introduce an algorithm to recover a space-time video from these two modes of observations. We factor the reconstruction into a physical model-based reconstruction (PBR) process and a residual denoising process. We use a differentiable model to approximate the physical sensing process, which enables stochastic gradient descent optimization using automatic differentiation. Residual errors in PBR reconstruction are further reduced by training a residual denoiser to remove reconstruction artifacts. The video output from our reconstruction algorithm has both high frame rate and well-recovered spatial features. Our framework is capable of handling challenging scenes that include fast motion and strong occlusions. 
### 36.Detecting Lesion Bounding Ellipses With Gaussian Proposal Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09658.pdf)
>  Lesions characterized by computed tomography (CT) scans, are arguably often elliptical objects. However, current lesion detection systems are predominantly adopted from the popular Region Proposal Networks (RPNs) that only propose bounding boxes without fully leveraging the elliptical geometry of lesions. In this paper, we present Gaussian Proposal Networks (GPNs), a novel extension to RPNs, to detect lesion bounding ellipses. Instead of directly regressing the rotation angle of the ellipse as the common practice, GPN represents bounding ellipses as 2D Gaussian distributions on the image plain and minimizes the Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence between the proposed Gaussian and the ground truth Gaussian for object localization. We show the KL divergence loss approximately incarnates the regression loss in the RPN framework when the rotation angle is 0. Experiments on the DeepLesion dataset show that GPN significantly outperforms RPN for lesion bounding ellipse detection thanks to lower localization error. GPN is open sourced at <a href="https://github.com/baidu-research/GPN">this https URL</a> 
### 37.TraVeLGAN: Image-to-image Translation by Transformation Vector Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09631.pdf)
>  Interest in image-to-image translation has grown substantially in recent years with the success of unsupervised models based on the cycle-consistency assumption. The achievements of these models have been limited to a particular subset of domains where this assumption yields good results, namely homogeneous domains that are characterized by style or texture differences. We tackle the challenging problem of image-to-image translation where the domains are defined by high-level shapes and contexts, as well as including significant clutter and heterogeneity. For this purpose, we introduce a novel GAN based on preserving intra-domain vector transformations in a latent space learned by a siamese network. The traditional GAN system introduced a discriminator network to guide the generator into generating images in the target domain. To this two-network system we add a third: a siamese network that guides the generator so that each original image shares semantics with its generated version. With this new three-network system, we no longer need to constrain the generators with the ubiquitous cycle-consistency restraint. As a result, the generators can learn mappings between more complex domains that differ from each other by large differences - not just style or texture. 
### 38.Generalized Intersection over Union: A Metric and A Loss for Bounding Box Regression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09630.pdf)
>  Intersection over Union (IoU) is the most popular evaluation metric used in the object detection benchmarks. However, there is a gap between optimizing the commonly used distance losses for regressing the parameters of a bounding box and maximizing this metric value. The optimal objective for a metric is the metric itself. In the case of axis-aligned 2D bounding boxes, it can be shown that $IoU$ can be directly used as a regression loss. However, $IoU$ has a plateau making it infeasible to optimize in the case of non-overlapping bounding boxes. In this paper, we address the weaknesses of $IoU$ by introducing a generalized version as both a new loss and a new metric. By incorporating this generalized $IoU$ ($GIoU$) as a loss into the state-of-the art object detection frameworks, we show a consistent improvement on their performance using both the standard, $IoU$ based, and new, $GIoU$ based, performance measures on popular object detection benchmarks such as PASCAL VOC and MS COCO. 
### 39.Convolutional Neural Networks for Automatic Meter Reading  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09600.pdf)
>  In this paper, we tackle Automatic Meter Reading (AMR) by leveraging the high capability of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). We design a two-stage approach that employs the Fast-YOLO object detector for counter detection and evaluates three different CNN-based approaches for counter recognition. In the AMR literature, most datasets are not available to the research community since the images belong to a service company. In this sense, we introduce a new public dataset, called UFPR-AMR dataset, with 2,000 fully and manually annotated images. This dataset is, to the best of our knowledge, three times larger than the largest public dataset found in the literature and contains a well-defined evaluation protocol to assist the development and evaluation of AMR methods. Furthermore, we propose the use of a data augmentation technique to generate a balanced training set with many more examples to train the CNN models for counter recognition. In the proposed dataset, impressive results were obtained and a detailed speed/accuracy trade-off evaluation of each model was performed. In a public dataset, state-of-the-art results were achieved using less than 200 images for training. 
### 40.Unsupervised learning-based long-term superpixel tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09596.pdf)
>  Finding correspondences between structural entities decomposing images is of high interest for computer vision applications. In particular, we analyze how to accurately track superpixels - visual primitives generated by aggregating adjacent pixels sharing similar characteristics - over extended time periods relying on unsupervised learning and temporal integration. A two-step video processing pipeline dedicated to long-term superpixel tracking is proposed. First, unsupervised learning-based superpixel matching provides correspondences between consecutive and distant frames using new context-rich features extended from greyscale to multi-channel and forward-backward consistency contraints. Resulting elementary matches are then combined along multi-step paths running through the whole sequence with various inter-frame distances. This produces a large set of candidate long-term superpixel pairings upon which majority voting is performed. Video object tracking experiments demonstrate the accuracy of our elementary estimator against state-of-the-art methods and proves the ability of multi-step integration to provide accurate long-term superpixel matches compared to usual direct and sequential integration. 
### 41.MRS-VPR: a multi-resolution sampling based global visual place recognition method  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10059.pdf)
>  Place recognition and loop closure detection are challenging for long-term visual navigation tasks. SeqSLAM is considered to be one of the most successful approaches to achieving long-term localization under varying environmental conditions and changing viewpoints. It depends on a brute-force, time-consuming sequential matching method. We propose MRS-VPR, a multi-resolution, sampling-based place recognition method, which can significantly improve the matching efficiency and accuracy in sequential matching. The novelty of this method lies in the coarse-to-fine searching pipeline and a particle filter-based global sampling scheme, that can balance the matching efficiency and accuracy in the long-term navigation task. Moreover, our model works much better than SeqSLAM when the testing sequence has a much smaller scale than the reference sequence. Our experiments demonstrate that the proposed method is efficient in locating short temporary trajectories within long-term reference ones without losing accuracy compared to SeqSLAM. 
### 42.A Multi-Domain Feature Learning Method for Visual Place Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10058.pdf)
>  Visual Place Recognition (VPR) is an important component in both computer vision and robotics applications, thanks to its ability to determine whether a place has been visited and where specifically. A major challenge in VPR is to handle changes of environmental conditions including weather, season and illumination. Most VPR methods try to improve the place recognition performance by ignoring the environmental factors, leading to decreased accuracy decreases when environmental conditions change significantly, such as day versus night. To this end, we propose an end-to-end conditional visual place recognition method. Specifically, we introduce the multi-domain feature learning method (MDFL) to capture multiple attribute-descriptions for a given place, and then use a feature detaching module to separate the environmental condition-related features from those that are not. The only label required within this feature learning pipeline is the environmental condition. Evaluation of the proposed method is conducted on the multi-season \textit{NORDLAND} dataset, and the multi-weather \textit{GTAV} dataset. Experimental results show that our method improves the feature robustness against variant environmental conditions. 
### 43.A framework for information extraction from tables in biomedical literature  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10031.pdf)
>  The scientific literature is growing exponentially, and professionals are no more able to cope with the current amount of publications. Text mining provided in the past methods to retrieve and extract information from text; however, most of these approaches ignored tables and figures. The research done in mining table data still does not have an integrated approach for mining that would consider all complexities and challenges of a table. Our research is examining the methods for extracting numerical (number of patients, age, gender distribution) and textual (adverse reactions) information from tables in the clinical literature. We present a requirement analysis template and an integral methodology for information extraction from tables in clinical domain that contains 7 steps: (1) table detection, (2) functional processing, (3) structural processing, (4) semantic tagging, (5) pragmatic processing, (6) cell selection and (7) syntactic processing and extraction. Our approach performed with the F-measure ranged between 82 and 92%, depending on the variable, task and its complexity. 
### 44.GCN-LASE: Towards Adequately Incorporating Link Attributes in Graph Convolutional Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09817.pdf)
>  Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) have proved to be a most powerful architecture in aggregating local neighborhood information for individual graph nodes. Low-rank proximities and node features are successfully leveraged in existing GCNs, however, attributes that graph links may carry are commonly ignored, as almost all of these models simplify graph links into binary or scalar values describing node connectedness. In our paper instead, links are reverted to hypostatic relationships between entities with descriptional attributes. We propose GCN-LASE (GCN with Link Attributes and Sampling Estimation), a novel GCN model taking both node and link attributes as inputs. To adequately captures the interactions between link and node attributes, their tensor product is used as neighbor features, based on which we define several graph kernels and further develop according architectures for LASE. Besides, to accelerate the training process, the sum of features in entire neighborhoods are estimated through Monte Carlo method, with novel sampling strategies designed for LASE to minimize the estimation variance. Our experiments show that LASE outperforms strong baselines over various graph datasets, and further experiments corroborate the informativeness of link attributes and our model&#39;s ability of adequately leveraging them. 
### 45.Image-Question-Answer Synergistic Network for Visual Dialog  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09774.pdf)
>  The image, question (combined with the history for de-referencing), and the corresponding answer are three vital components of visual dialog. Classical visual dialog systems integrate the image, question, and history to search for or generate the best matched answer, and so, this approach significantly ignores the role of the answer. In this paper, we devise a novel image-question-answer synergistic network to value the role of the answer for precise visual dialog. We extend the traditional one-stage solution to a two-stage solution. In the first stage, candidate answers are coarsely scored according to their relevance to the image and question pair. Afterward, in the second stage, answers with high probability of being correct are re-ranked by synergizing with image and question. On the Visual Dialog v1.0 dataset, the proposed synergistic network boosts the discriminative visual dialog model to achieve a new state-of-the-art of 57.88\% normalized discounted cumulative gain. A generative visual dialog model equipped with the proposed technique also shows promising improvements. 
### 46.Beyond the Self: Using Grounded Affordances to Interpret and Describe Others&#39; Actions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09705.pdf)
>  We propose a developmental approach that allows a robot to interpret and describe the actions of human agents by reusing previous experience. The robot first learns the association between words and object affordances by manipulating the objects in its environment. It then uses this information to learn a mapping between its own actions and those performed by a human in a shared environment. It finally fuses the information from these two models to interpret and describe human actions in light of its own experience. In our experiments, we show that the model can be used flexibly to do inference on different aspects of the scene. We can predict the effects of an action on the basis of object properties. We can revise the belief that a certain action occurred, given the observed effects of the human action. In an early action recognition fashion, we can anticipate the effects when the action has only been partially observed. By estimating the probability of words given the evidence and feeding them into a pre-defined grammar, we can generate relevant descriptions of the scene. We believe that this is a step towards providing robots with the fundamental skills to engage in social collaboration with humans. 
### 47.Stochastic Prediction of Multi-Agent Interactions from Partial Observations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09641.pdf)
>  We present a method that learns to integrate temporal information, from a learned dynamics model, with ambiguous visual information, from a learned vision model, in the context of interacting agents. Our method is based on a graph-structured variational recurrent neural network (Graph-VRNN), which is trained end-to-end to infer the current state of the (partially observed) world, as well as to forecast future states. We show that our method outperforms various baselines on two sports datasets, one based on real basketball trajectories, and one generated by a soccer game engine. 
