# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 26 Mar 2019
### 1.DeepCenterline: a Multi-task Fully Convolutional Network for Centerline Extraction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10481.pdf)
>  A novel centerline extraction framework is reported which combines an end-to-end trainable multi-task fully convolutional network (FCN) with a minimal path extractor. The FCN simultaneously computes centerline distance maps and detects branch endpoints. The method generates single-pixel-wide centerlines with no spurious branches. It handles arbitrary tree-structured object with no prior assumption regarding depth of the tree or its bifurcation pattern. It is also robust to substantial scale changes across different parts of the target object and minor imperfections of the object&#39;s segmentation mask. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first deep-learning based centerline extraction method that guarantees single-pixel-wide centerline for a complex tree-structured object. The proposed method is validated in coronary artery centerline extraction on a dataset of 620 patients (400 of which used as test set). This application is challenging due to the large number of coronary branches, branch tortuosity, and large variations in length, thickness, shape, etc. The proposed method generates well-positioned centerlines, exhibiting lower number of missing branches and is more robust in the presence of minor imperfections of the object segmentation mask. Compared to a state-of-the-art traditional minimal path approach, our method improves patient-level success rate of centerline extraction from 54.3% to 88.8% according to independent human expert review. 
### 2.CODA: Counting Objects via Scale-aware Adversarial Density Adaption  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10442.pdf)
>  Recent advances in crowd counting have achieved promising results with increasingly complex convolutional neural network designs. However, due to the unpredictable domain shift, generalizing trained model to unseen scenarios is often suboptimal. Inspired by the observation that density maps of different scenarios share similar local structures, we propose a novel adversarial learning approach in this paper, i.e., CODA (\emph{Counting Objects via scale-aware adversarial Density Adaption}). To deal with different object scales and density distributions, we perform adversarial training with pyramid patches of multi-scales from both source- and target-domain. Along with a ranking constraint across levels of the pyramid input, consistent object counts can be produced for different scales. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our network produces much better results on unseen datasets compared with existing counting adaption models. Notably, the performance of our CODA is comparable with the state-of-the-art fully-supervised models that are trained on the target dataset. Further analysis indicates that our density adaption framework can effortlessly extend to scenarios with different objects. \emph{The code is available at <a href="https://github.com/Willy0919/CODA">this https URL</a>.} 
### 3.Scale-Adaptive Neural Dense Features: Learning via Hierarchical Context Aggregation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10427.pdf)
>  How do computers and intelligent agents view the world around them? Feature extraction and representation constitutes one the basic building blocks towards answering this question. Traditionally, this has been done with carefully engineered hand-crafted techniques such as HOG, SIFT or ORB. However, there is no ``one size fits all&#39;&#39; approach that satisfies all requirements. In recent years, the rising popularity of deep learning has resulted in a myriad of end-to-end solutions to many computer vision problems. These approaches, while successful, tend to lack scalability and can&#39;t easily exploit information learned by other systems. Instead, we propose SAND features, a dedicated deep learning solution to feature extraction capable of providing hierarchical context information. This is achieved by employing sparse relative labels indicating relationships of similarity/dissimilarity between image locations. The nature of these labels results in an almost infinite set of dissimilar examples to choose from. We demonstrate how the selection of negative examples during training can be used to modify the feature space and vary it&#39;s properties. To demonstrate the generality of this approach, we apply the proposed features to a multitude of tasks, each requiring different properties. This includes disparity estimation, semantic segmentation, self-localisation and SLAM. In all cases, we show how incorporating SAND features results in better or comparable results to the baseline, whilst requiring little to no additional training. Code can be found at: <a href="https://github.com/jspenmar/SAND_features">this https URL</a> 
### 4.Locomotion and gesture tracking in mice and small animals for neurosceince applications: A survey  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10422.pdf)
>  Neuroscience has traditionally relied on manually observing lab animals in controlled environments. Researchers usually record animals behaving in free or restrained manner and then annotate the data manually. The manual annotation is not desirable for three reasons; one, it is time consuming, two, it is prone to human errors and three, no two human annotators will 100\% agree on annotation, so it is not reproducible. Consequently, automated annotation of such data has gained traction because it is efficient and replicable. Usually, the automatic annotation of neuroscience data relies on computer vision and machine leaning techniques. In this article, we have covered most of the approaches taken by researchers for locomotion and gesture tracking of lab animals. We have divided these papers in categories based upon the hardware they use and the software approach they take. We also have summarized their strengths and weaknesses. 
### 5.ShopSign: a Diverse Scene Text Dataset of Chinese Shop Signs in Street Views  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10412.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce the ShopSign dataset, which is a newly developed natural scene text dataset of Chinese shop signs in street views. Although a few scene text datasets are already publicly available (e.g. ICDAR2015, COCO-Text), there are few images in these datasets that contain Chinese texts/characters. Hence, we collect and annotate the ShopSign dataset to advance research in Chinese scene text detection and recognition. <br />The new dataset has three distinctive characteristics: (1) large-scale: it contains 25,362 Chinese shop sign images, with a total number of 196,010 text-lines. (2) diversity: the images in ShopSign were captured in different scenes, from downtown to developing regions, using more than 50 different mobile phones. (3) difficulty: the dataset is very sparse and imbalanced. It also includes five categories of hard images (mirror, wooden, deformed, exposed and obscure). To illustrate the challenges in ShopSign, we run baseline experiments using state-of-the-art scene text detection methods (including CTPN, TextBoxes++ and EAST), and cross-dataset validation to compare their corresponding performance on the related datasets such as CTW, RCTW and ICPR 2018 MTWI challenge dataset. <br />The sample images and detailed descriptions of our ShopSign dataset are publicly available at: <a href="https://github.com/chongshengzhang/shopsign">this https URL</a>. 
### 6.MeshGAN: Non-linear 3D Morphable Models of Faces  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10384.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) are currently the method of choice for generating visual data. Certain GAN architectures and training methods have demonstrated exceptional performance in generating realistic synthetic images (in particular, of human faces). However, for 3D object, GANs still fall short of the success they have had with images. One of the reasons is due to the fact that so far GANs have been applied as 3D convolutional architectures to discrete volumetric representations of 3D objects. In this paper, we propose the first intrinsic GANs architecture operating directly on 3D meshes (named as MeshGAN). Both quantitative and qualitative results are provided to show that MeshGAN can be used to generate high-fidelity 3D face with rich identities and expressions. 
### 7.Structured 2D Representation of 3D Data for Shape Processing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10360.pdf)
>  We represent 3D shape by structured 2D representations of fixed length making it feasible to apply well investigated 2D convolutional neural networks (CNN) for both discriminative and geometric tasks on 3D shapes. We first provide a general introduction to such structured descriptors, analyze their different forms and show how a simple 2D CNN can be used to achieve good classification result. With a specialized classification network for images and our structured representation, we achieve the classification accuracy of 99.7\% in the ModelNet40 test set - improving the previous state-of-the-art by a large margin. We finally provide a novel framework for performing the geometric task of 3D segmentation using 2D CNNs and the structured representation - concluding the utility of such descriptors for both discriminative and geometric tasks. 
### 8.Noise-Tolerant Paradigm for Training Face Recognition CNNs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10357.pdf)
>  Benefit from large-scale training datasets, deep Convolutional Neural Networks(CNNs) have achieved impressive results in face recognition(FR). However, tremendous scale of datasets inevitably lead to noisy data, which obviously reduce the performance of the trained CNN models. Kicking out wrong labels from large-scale FR datasets is still very expensive, even some cleaning approaches are proposed. According to the analysis of the whole process of training CNN models supervised by angular margin based loss(AM-Loss) functions, we find that the $\theta$ distribution of training samples implicitly reflects their probability of being clean. Thus, we propose a novel training paradigm that employs the idea of weighting samples based on the above probability. Without any prior knowledge of noise, we can train high performance CNN models with large-scale FR datasets. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our training paradigm. The codes are available at <a href="https://github.com/huangyangyu/NoiseFace">this https URL</a>. 
### 9.Apple Leaf Disease Identification through Region-of-Interest-Aware Deep Convolutional Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10356.pdf)
>  A new method of recognizing apple leaf diseases through region-of-interest-aware deep convolutional neural network is proposed in this paper. The primary idea is that leaf disease symptoms appear in the leaf area whereas the background region contains no useful information regarding leaf diseases. To realize this idea, two subnetworks are first designed. One is for the division of the input image into three areas: background, leaf area, and spot area indicating the leaf diseases, which is the region of interest, and the other is for the classification of leaf diseases. The two subnetworks exhibit the architecture types of an encoder-decoder network and VGG network, respectively; subsequently, they are trained separately through transfer learning with a new training set containing class information, according to the types of leaf diseases and the ground truth images where the background, leaf area, and spot area are separated. Next, to connect these subnetworks and subsequently train the connected whole network in an end-to-end manner, the predicted ROI feature map is stacked on the top of the input image through a fusion layer, and subsequently fed into the subnetwork used for the leaf disease identification. The experimental results indicate that correct recognition accuracy can be increased using the predicted ROI feature map. It is also shown that the proposed method obtains better performance than the conventional state-of-the-art methods: transfer-learning-based methods, bilinear model, and multiscale-based deep feature extraction, and pooling approach. 
### 10.CoSegNet: Deep Co-Segmentation of 3D Shapes with Group Consistency Loss  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10297.pdf)
>  We introduce CoSegNet, a deep neural network architecture for co-segmentation of a set of 3D shapes represented as point clouds. CoSegNet takes as input a set of unsegmented shapes, proposes per-shape parts, and then jointly optimizes the part labelings across the set subjected to a novel group consistency loss expressed via matrix rank estimates. The proposals are refined in each iteration by an auxiliary network that acts as a weak regularizing prior, pre-trained to denoise noisy, unlabeled parts from a large collection of segmented 3D shapes, where the part compositions within the same object category can be highly inconsistent. The output is a consistent part labeling for the input set, with each shape segmented into up to K (a user-specified hyperparameter) parts. The overall pipeline is thus weakly supervised, producing consistent segmentations tailored to the test set, without consistent ground-truth segmentations. We show qualitative and quantitative results from CoSegNet and evaluate it via ablation studies and comparisons to state-of-the-art co-segmentation methods. 
### 11.MetaPruning: Meta Learning for Automatic Neural Network Channel Pruning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10258.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel meta learning approach for automatic channel pruning of very deep neural networks. We first train a PruningNet, a kind of meta network, which is able to generate weight parameters for any pruned structure given the target network. We use a simple stochastic structure sampling method for training the PruningNet. Then, we apply an evolutionary procedure to search for good-performing pruned networks. The search is highly efficient because the weights are directly generated by the trained PruningNet and we do not need any finetuning. With a single PruningNet trained for the target network, we can search for various Pruned Networks under different constraints with little human participation. We have demonstrated competitive performances on MobileNet V1/V2 networks, up to 9.0/9.9 higher ImageNet accuracy than V1/V2. Compared to the previous state-of-the-art AutoML-based pruning methods, like AMC and NetAdapt, we achieve higher or comparable accuracy under various conditions. 
### 12.Convolutional neural network for breathing phase detection in lung sounds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10251.pdf)
>  We applied deep learning to create an algorithm for breathing phase detection in lung sound recordings, and we compared the breathing phases detected by the algorithm and manually annotated by two experienced lung sound researchers. Our algorithm uses a convolutional neural network with spectrograms as the features, removing the need to specify features explicitly. We trained and evaluated the algorithm using three subsets that are larger than previously seen in the literature. We evaluated the performance of the method using two methods. First, discrete count of agreed breathing phases (using 50% overlap between a pair of boxes), shows a mean agreement with lung sound experts of 97% for inspiration and 87% for expiration. Second, the fraction of time of agreement (in seconds) gives higher pseudo-kappa values for inspiration (0.73-0.88) than expiration (0.63-0.84), showing an average sensitivity of 97% and an average specificity of 84%. With both evaluation methods, the agreement between the annotators and the algorithm shows human level performance for the algorithm. The developed algorithm is valid for detecting breathing phases in lung sound recordings. 
### 13.Learning from Adversarial Features for Few-Shot Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10225.pdf)
>  Many recent few-shot learning methods concentrate on designing novel model architectures. In this paper, we instead show that with a simple backbone convolutional network we can even surpass state-of-the-art classification accuracy. The essential part that contributes to this superior performance is an adversarial feature learning strategy that improves the generalization capability of our model. In this work, adversarial features are those features that can cause the classifier uncertain about its prediction. In order to generate adversarial features, we firstly locate adversarial regions based on the derivative of the entropy with respect to an averaging mask. Then we use the adversarial region attention to aggregate the feature maps to obtain the adversarial features. In this way, we can explore and exploit the entire spatial area of the feature maps to mine more diverse discriminative knowledge. We perform extensive model evaluations and analyses on miniImageNet and tieredImageNet datasets demonstrating the effectiveness of the proposed method. 
### 14.Manifold Criterion Guided Transfer Learning via Intermediate Domain Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10211.pdf)
>  In many practical transfer learning scenarios, the feature distribution is different across the source and target domains (i.e. non-i.i.d.). Maximum mean discrepancy (MMD), as a domain discrepancy metric, has achieved promising performance in unsupervised domain adaptation (DA). We argue that MMD-based DA methods ignore the data locality structure, which, to some extent, would cause the negative transfer effect. The locality plays an important role in minimizing the nonlinear local domain discrepancy underlying the marginal distributions. For better exploiting the domain locality, a novel local generative discrepancy metric (LGDM) based intermediate domain generation learning called Manifold Criterion guided Transfer Learning (MCTL) is proposed in this paper. The merits of the proposed MCTL are four-fold: 1) the concept of manifold criterion (MC) is first proposed as a measure validating the distribution matching across domains, and domain adaptation is achieved if the MC is satisfied; 2) the proposed MC can well guide the generation of the intermediate domain sharing similar distribution with the target domain, by minimizing the local domain discrepancy; 3) a global generative discrepancy metric (GGDM) is presented, such that both the global and local discrepancy can be effectively and positively reduced; 4) a simplified version of MCTL called MCTL-S is presented under a perfect domain generation assumption for more generic learning scenario. Experiments on a number of benchmark visual transfer tasks demonstrate the superiority of the proposed manifold criterion guided generative transfer method, by comparing with other state-of-the-art methods. The source code is available in <a href="https://github.com/wangshanshanCQU/MCTL">this https URL</a>. 
### 15.Physics-based Neural Networks for Shape from Polarization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10210.pdf)
>  How should prior knowledge from physics inform a neural network solution? We study the blending of physics and deep learning in the context of Shape from Polarization (SfP). The classic SfP problem recovers an object&#39;s shape from polarized photographs of the scene. The SfP problem is special because the physical models are only approximate. Previous attempts to solve SfP have been purely model-based, and are susceptible to errors when real-world conditions deviate from the idealized physics. In our solution, there is a subtlety to combining physics and neural networks. Our final solution blends deep learning with synthetic renderings (derived from physics) in the framework of a two-stage encoder. The lessons learned from this exemplary problem foreshadow the future impact of physics-based learning. 
### 16.Accurate Global Trajectory Alignment using Poles and Road Markings  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10205.pdf)
>  Currently, digital maps are indispensable for automated driving. However, due to the low precision and reliability of GNSS particularly in urban areas, fusing trajectories of independent recording sessions and different regions is a challenging task. To bypass the flaws from direct incorporation of GNSS measurements for geo-referencing, the usage of aerial imagery seems promising. Furthermore, more accurate geo-referencing improves the global map accuracy and allows to estimate the sensor calibration error. In this paper, we present a novel geo-referencing approach to align trajectories to aerial imagery using poles and road markings. To match extracted features from sensor observations to aerial imagery landmarks robustly, a RANSAC-based matching approach is applied in a sliding window. For that, we assume that the trajectories are roughly referenced to the imagery which can be achieved by rough GNSS measurements from a low-cost GNSS receiver. Finally, we align the initial trajectories precisely to the aerial imagery by minimizing a geometric cost function comprising all determined matches. Evaluations performed on data recorded in Karlsruhe, Germany show that our algorithm yields trajectories which are accurately referenced to the used aerial imagery. 
### 17.Dual Variational Generation for Low-Shot Heterogeneous Face Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10203.pdf)
>  Heterogeneous Face Recognition (HFR) is a challenging issue because of the large domain discrepancy and a lack of heterogeneous data. This paper considers HFR as a dual generation problem, and proposes a new Dual Variational Generation (DVG) framework. It generates large-scale paired heterogeneous images with the same identity from noise, for the sake of reducing the domain gap of HFR, which provides a new insight into the two challenging issues in HFR. Specifically, we first introduce a dual variational autoencoder to represent a joint distribution of paired heterogeneous images. Then, we impose a distribution alignment loss in the latent space and a pairwise identity preserving loss in the image space. These ensure that DVG can generate diverse paired heterogeneous images of the same identity. Moreover, a pairwise distance loss between the generated paired heterogeneous images contributes to the optimization of the HFR network, aiming at reducing the domain discrepancy. Significant recognition improvements are observed on four HFR databases, paving a new way to address the low-shot HFR problems. 
### 18.DeepRED: Deep Image Prior Powered by RED  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10176.pdf)
>  Inverse problems in imaging are extensively studied, with a variety of strategies, tools, and theory that have been accumulated over the years. Recently, this field has been immensely influenced by the emergence of deep-learning techniques. One such contribution, which is the focus of this paper, is the Deep Image Prior (DIP) work by Ulyanov, Vedaldi, and Lempitsky (2018). DIP offers a new approach towards the regularization of inverse problems, obtained by forcing the recovered image to be synthesized from a given deep architecture. While DIP has been shown to be effective, its results fall short when compared to state-of-the-art alternatives. In this work, we aim to boost DIP by adding an explicit prior, which enriches the overall regularization effect in order to lead to better-recovered images. More specifically, we propose to bring-in the concept of Regularization by Denoising (RED), which leverages existing denoisers for regularizing inverse problems. Our work shows how the two (DeepRED) can be merged to a highly effective recovery process while avoiding the need to differentiate the chosen denoiser, and leading to very effective results, demonstrated for several tested inverse problems. 
### 19.A Novel Method for the Absolute Pose Problem with Pairwise Constraints  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10175.pdf)
>  Absolute pose estimation is a fundamental problem in computer vision, and it is a typical parameter estimation problem, meaning that efforts to solve it will always suffer from outlier-contaminated data. Conventionally, for a fixed dimensionality d and the number of measurements N, a robust estimation problem cannot be solved faster than O(N^d). Furthermore, it is almost impossible to remove d from the exponent of the runtime of a globally optimal algorithm. However, absolute pose estimation is a geometric parameter estimation problem, and thus has special constraints. In this paper, we consider pairwise constraints and propose a globally optimal algorithm for solving the absolute pose estimation problem. The proposed algorithm has a linear complexity in the number of correspondences at a given outlier ratio. Concretely, we first decouple the rotation and the translation subproblems by utilizing the pairwise constraints, and then we solve the rotation subproblem using the branch-and-bound algorithm. Lastly, we estimate the translation based on the known rotation by using another branch-and-bound algorithm. The advantages of our method are demonstrated via thorough testing on both synthetic and real-world data 
### 20.Looking Fast and Slow: Memory-Guided Mobile Video Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10172.pdf)
>  With a single eye fixation lasting a fraction of a second, the human visual system is capable of forming a rich representation of a complex environment, reaching a holistic understanding which facilitates object recognition and detection. This phenomenon is known as recognizing the &#34;gist&#34; of the scene and is accomplished by relying on relevant prior knowledge. This paper addresses the analogous question of whether using memory in computer vision systems can not only improve the accuracy of object detection in video streams, but also reduce the computation time. By interleaving conventional feature extractors with extremely lightweight ones which only need to recognize the gist of the scene, we show that minimal computation is required to produce accurate detections when temporal memory is present. In addition, we show that the memory contains enough information for deploying reinforcement learning algorithms to learn an adaptive inference policy. Our model achieves state-of-the-art performance among mobile methods on the Imagenet VID 2015 dataset, while running at speeds of up to 70+ FPS on a Pixel 3 phone. 
### 21.LOGAN: Unpaired Shape Transform in Latent Overcomplete Space  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10170.pdf)
>  We present LOGAN, a deep neural network aimed at learning generic shape transforms from unpaired domains. The network is trained on two sets of shapes, e.g., tables and chairs, but there is neither a pairing between shapes in the two domains to supervise the shape translation nor any point-wise correspondence between any shapes. Once trained, LOGAN takes a shape from one domain and transforms it into the other. Our network consists of an autoencoder to encode shapes from the two input domains into a common latent space, where the latent codes encode multi-scale shape features in an overcomplete manner. The translator is based on a generative adversarial network (GAN), operating in the latent space, where an adversarial loss enforces cross-domain translation while a feature preservation loss ensures that the right shape features are preserved for a natural shape transform. We conduct various ablation studies to validate each of our key network designs and demonstrate superior capabilities in unpaired shape transforms on a variety of examples over baselines and state-of-the-art approaches. We show that our network is able to learn what shape features to preserve during shape transforms, either local or non-local, whether content or style, etc., depending solely on the input domain pairs. 
### 22.Efficient Tracking Proposals using 2D-3D Siamese Networks on LIDAR  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10168.pdf)
>  Tracking vehicles in LIDAR point clouds is a challenging task due to the sparsity of the data and the dense search space. The lack of structure in point clouds impedes the use of convolution and correlation filters usually employed in 2D object tracking. In addition, structuring point clouds is cumbersome and implies losing fine-grained information. As a result, generating proposals in 3D space is expensive and inefficient. In this paper, we leverage the dense and structured Bird Eye View (BEV) representation of LIDAR point clouds to efficiently search for objects of interest. We use an efficient Region Proposal Network and generate a small number of object proposals in 3D. Successively, we refine our selection of 3D object candidates by exploiting the similarity capability of a 3D Siamese network. We regularize the latter 3D Siamese network for shape completion to enhance its discrimination capability. Our method attempts to solve both for an efficient search space in the BEV space and a meaningful selection using 3D LIDAR point cloud. We show that the Region Proposal in the BEV outperforms Bayesian methods such as Kalman and Particle Filters in providing proposal by a significant margin and that such candidates are suitable for the 3D Siamese network. By training our method end-to-end, we outperform the previous baseline in vehicle tracking by 12% / 18% in Success and Precision when using only 16 candidates. 
### 23.Down-Scaling with Learned Kernels in Multi-Scale Deep Neural Networks for Non-Uniform Single Image Deblurring  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10157.pdf)
>  Multi-scale approach has been used for blind image / video deblurring problems to yield excellent performance for both conventional and recent deep-learning-based state-of-the-art methods. Bicubic down-sampling is a typical choice for multi-scale approach to reduce spatial dimension after filtering with a fixed kernel. However, this fixed kernel may be sub-optimal since it may destroy important information for reliable deblurring such as strong edges. We propose convolutional neural network (CNN)-based down-scale methods for multi-scale deep-learning-based non-uniform single image deblurring. We argue that our CNN-based down-scaling effectively reduces the spatial dimension of the original image, while learned kernels with multiple channels may well-preserve necessary details for deblurring tasks. For each scale, we adopt to use RCAN (Residual Channel Attention Networks) as a backbone network to further improve performance. Our proposed method yielded state-of-the-art performance on GoPro dataset by large margin. Our proposed method was able to achieve 2.59dB higher PSNR than the current state-of-the-art method by Tao. Our proposed CNN-based down-scaling was the key factor for this excellent performance since the performance of our network without it was decreased by 1.98dB. The same networks trained with GoPro set were also evaluated on large-scale Su dataset and our proposed method yielded 1.15dB better PSNR than the Tao&#39;s method. Qualitative comparisons on Lai dataset also confirmed the superior performance of our proposed method over other state-of-the-art methods. 
### 24.DenseBody: Directly Regressing Dense 3D Human Pose and Shape From a Single Color Image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10153.pdf)
>  Recovering 3D human body shape and pose from 2D images is a challenging task due to high complexity and flexibility of human body, and relatively less 3D labeled data. Previous methods addressing these issues typically rely on predicting intermediate results such as body part segmentation, 2D/3D joints, silhouette mask to decompose the problem into multiple sub-tasks in order to utilize more 2D labels. Most previous works incorporated parametric body shape model in their methods and predict parameters in low-dimensional space to represent human body. In this paper, we propose to directly regress the 3D human mesh from a single color image using Convolutional Neural Network(CNN). We use an efficient representation of 3D human shape and pose which can be predicted through an encoder-decoder neural network. The proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance on several 3D human body datasets including Human3.6M, SURREAL and UP-3D with even faster running speed. 
### 25.SAC-Net: Spatial Attenuation Context for Salient Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10152.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new deep neural network design for salient object detection by maximizing the integration of local and global image context within, around, and beyond the salient objects. Our key idea is to adaptively propagate and aggregate the image context with variable attenuation over the entire feature maps. To achieve this, we design the spatial attenuation context (SAC) module to recurrently translate and aggregate the context features independently with different attenuation factors and then attentively learn the weights to adaptively integrate the aggregated context features. By further embedding the module to process individual layers in a deep network, namely SAC-Net, we can train the network end-to-end and optimize the context features for detecting salient objects. Compared with 22 state-of-the-art methods, experimental results show that our method performs favorably over all the others on six common benchmark data, both quantitatively and visually. 
### 26.Depth Augmented Networks with Optimal Fine-tuning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10150.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNN) have been shown to achieve state-of-the-art performance in a significant number of computer vision tasks. Although they require large labelled training datasets to learn the CNN models, they have striking attributes of transferring learned representations from large source sets to smaller target sets by normal fine-tuning approaches. Prior research has shown that these techniques boost the performance on smaller target sets. In this paper, we demonstrate that growing network depth capacity beyond classification layer along with careful normalization and scaling scheme boosts fine-tuning by creating harmony between the pre-trained and new layers to adjust more to the target task. This indicates pre-trained classification layer holds high-level (global) image information that can be propagated through the newly introduced layers in fine-tuning. We evaluate our depth augmented networks following our designed incremental fine-tuning scheme on several benchmark datatsets and show that they outperform contemporary transfer learning approaches. On average, for fine-grained datasets we achieve up to 6.7% (AlexNet), 5.4% (VGG16) and for coarse datasets 9.3% (AlexNet), 8.7% (VGG16) improvement than normal fine-tuning. In addition, our in-depth analysis manifests freezing highly generic layers encourage better learning of target tasks. Furthermore, we have found that the learning rate for newly introduced layers of depth augmented networks depend on target set and size of new layers. 
### 27.PI-REC: Progressive Image Reconstruction Network With Edge and Color Domain  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10146.pdf)
>  We propose a universal image reconstruction method to represent detailed images purely from binary sparse edge and flat color domain. Inspired by the procedures of painting, our framework, based on generative adversarial network, consists of three phases: Imitation Phase aims at initializing networks, followed by Generating Phase to reconstruct preliminary images. Moreover, Refinement Phase is utilized to fine-tune preliminary images into final outputs with details. This framework allows our model generating abundant high frequency details from sparse input information. We also explore the defects of disentangling style latent space implicitly from images, and demonstrate that explicit color domain in our model performs better on controllability and interpretability. In our experiments, we achieve outstanding results on reconstructing realistic images and translating hand drawn drafts into satisfactory paintings. Besides, within the domain of edge-to-image translation, our model PI-REC outperforms existing state-of-the-art methods on evaluations of realism and accuracy, both quantitatively and qualitatively. 
### 28.Weakly-Supervised Unconstrained Action Unit Detection via Feature Disentanglement  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10143.pdf)
>  Facial action unit (AU) detection in the wild is a challenging problem, with current methods either depending on impractical labor-intensive labeling by experts, or inaccurate pseudo labels. In this paper, we aim to exploit accurate AU labels from a well-constrained source domain for training an AU detector for the target domain of unconstrained in-the-wild images. Instead of attempting to map directly from source to target domains, we propose to generate a new feature domain to combine source-domain facial inner landmark features (denoted as shape features) with target-domain global pose and texture features (denoted as texture features), so as to train target AU detector with source AU labels. Specifically, we first disentangle the rich features learned from images into shape features and texture features by introducing a novel shape adversarial loss and a shape classification loss. After swapping the shape features of unpaired source and target images, the combined source shape features and target texture features are translated to the new domain by learning a mapping that maximizes the AU detector performance. A further disentanglement and swap is applied to cross-cyclically reconstruct the original rich features. Moreover, our framework can also be naturally extended for use with pseudo AU labels. Extensive experiments show that our method soundly outperforms the baseline, upper-bound methods and state-of-the-art approaches on the challenging benchmark dataset EmotioNet. 
### 29.Iris R-CNN: Accurate Iris Segmentation in Non-cooperative Environment  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10140.pdf)
>  Despite the significant advances in iris segmentation, accomplishing accurate iris segmentation in non-cooperative environment remains a grand challenge. In this paper, we present a deep learning framework, referred to as Iris R-CNN, to offer superior accuracy for iris segmentation. The proposed framework is derived from Mask R-CNN, and several novel techniques are proposed to carefully explore the unique characteristics of iris. First, we propose two novel networks: (i) Double-Circle Region Proposal Network (DC-RPN), and (ii) Double-Circle Classification and Regression Network (DC-CRN) to take into account the iris and pupil circles to maximize the accuracy for iris segmentation. Second, we propose a novel normalization scheme for Regions of Interest (RoIs) to facilitate a radically new pooling operation over a double-circle region. Experimental results on two challenging iris databases, UBIRIS.v2 and MICHE, demonstrate the superior accuracy of the proposed approach over other state-of-the-art methods. 
### 30.Combining Transfer Learning And Segmentation Information with GANs for Training Data Independent Image Registration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10139.pdf)
>  Registration is an important task in automated medical image analysis. Although deep learning (DL) based image registration methods out perform time consuming conventional approaches, they are heavily dependent on training data and do not generalize well for new images types. We present a DL based approach that can register an image pair which is different from the training images. This is achieved by training generative adversarial networks (GANs) in combination with segmentation information and transfer learning. Experiments on chest Xray and brain MR images show that our method gives better registration performance over conventional methods. 
### 31.f-VAEGAN-D2: A Feature Generating Framework for Any-Shot Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10132.pdf)
>  When labeled training data is scarce, a promising data augmentation approach is to generate visual features of unknown classes using their attributes. To learn the class conditional distribution of CNN features, these models rely on pairs of image features and class attributes. Hence, they can not make use of the abundance of unlabeled data samples. In this paper, we tackle any-shot learning problems i.e. zero-shot and few-shot, in a unified feature generating framework that operates in both inductive and transductive learning settings. We develop a conditional generative model that combines the strength of VAE and GANs and in addition, via an unconditional discriminator, learns the marginal feature distribution of unlabeled images. We empirically show that our model learns highly discriminative CNN features for five datasets, i.e. CUB, SUN, AWA and ImageNet, and establish a new state-of-the-art in any-shot learning, i.e. inductive and transductive (generalized) zero- and few-shot learning settings. We also demonstrate that our learned features are interpretable: we visualize them by inverting them back to the pixel space and we explain them by generating textual arguments of why they are associated with a certain label. 
### 32.Recurrent Back-Projection Network for Video Super-Resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10128.pdf)
>  We proposed a novel architecture for the problem of video super-resolution. We integrate spatial and temporal contexts from continuous video frames using a recurrent encoder-decoder module, that fuses multi-frame information with the more traditional, single frame super-resolution path for the target frame. In contrast to most prior work where frames are pooled together by stacking or warping, our model, the Recurrent Back-Projection Network (RBPN) treats each context frame as a separate source of information. These sources are combined in an iterative refinement framework inspired by the idea of back-projection in multiple-image super-resolution. This is aided by explicitly representing estimated inter-frame motion with respect to the target, rather than explicitly aligning frames. We propose a new video super-resolution benchmark, allowing evaluation at a larger scale and considering videos in different motion regimes. Experimental results demonstrate that our RBPN is superior to existing methods on several datasets. 
### 33.Knowledge-driven Encode, Retrieve, Paraphrase for Medical Image Report Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10122.pdf)
>  Generating long and semantic-coherent reports to describe medical images poses great challenges towards bridging visual and linguistic modalities, incorporating medical domain knowledge, and generating realistic and accurate descriptions. We propose a novel Knowledge-driven Encode, Retrieve, Paraphrase (KERP) approach which reconciles traditional knowledge- and retrieval-based methods with modern learning-based methods for accurate and robust medical report generation. Specifically, KERP decomposes medical report generation into explicit medical abnormality graph learning and subsequent natural language modeling. KERP first employs an Encode module that transforms visual features into a structured abnormality graph by incorporating prior medical knowledge; then a Retrieve module that retrieves text templates based on the detected abnormalities; and lastly, a Paraphrase module that rewrites the templates according to specific cases. The core of KERP is a proposed generic implementation unit---Graph Transformer (GTR) that dynamically transforms high-level semantics between graph-structured data of multiple domains such as knowledge graphs, images and sequences. Experiments show that the proposed approach generates structured and robust reports supported with accurate abnormality description and explainable attentive regions, achieving the state-of-the-art results on two medical report benchmarks, with the best medical abnormality and disease classification accuracy and improved human evaluation performance. 
### 34.Residual Non-local Attention Networks for Image Restoration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10082.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a residual non-local attention network for high-quality image restoration. Without considering the uneven distribution of information in the corrupted images, previous methods are restricted by local convolutional operation and equal treatment of spatial- and channel-wise features. To address this issue, we design local and non-local attention blocks to extract features that capture the long-range dependencies between pixels and pay more attention to the challenging parts. Specifically, we design trunk branch and (non-)local mask branch in each (non-)local attention block. The trunk branch is used to extract hierarchical features. Local and non-local mask branches aim to adaptively rescale these hierarchical features with mixed attentions. The local mask branch concentrates on more local structures with convolutional operations, while non-local attention considers more about long-range dependencies in the whole feature map. Furthermore, we propose residual local and non-local attention learning to train the very deep network, which further enhance the representation ability of the network. Our proposed method can be generalized for various image restoration applications, such as image denoising, demosaicing, compression artifacts reduction, and super-resolution. Experiments demonstrate that our method obtains comparable or better results compared with recently leading methods quantitatively and visually. 
### 35.Convolutional Neural Networks for Multi-class Histopathology Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10035.pdf)
>  There is a strong need for automated systems to improve diagnostic quality and reduce the analysis time in histopathology image processing. Automated detection and classification of pathological tissue characteristics with computer-aided diagnostic systems are a critical step in the early diagnosis and treatment of diseases. Once a pathology image is scanned by a microscope and loaded onto a computer, it can be used for automated detection and classification of diseases. In this study, the DenseNet-161 and ResNet-50 pre-trained CNN models have been used to classify digital histopathology patches into the corresponding whole slide images via transfer learning technique. The proposed pre-trained models were tested on grayscale and color histopathology images. The DenseNet-161 pre-trained model achieved a classification accuracy of 97.89% using grayscale images and the ResNet-50 model obtained the accuracy of 98.87% for color images. The proposed pre-trained models outperform state-of-the-art methods in all performance metrics to classify digital pathology patches into 24 categories. 
### 36.Needle in a Haystack: A Framework for Seeking Small Objects in Big Datasets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10019.pdf)
>  Images from social media can reflect diverse viewpoints, heated arguments, and expressions of creativity --- adding new complexity to search tasks. Researchers working on Content-Based Image Retrieval (CBIR) have traditionally tuned their search algorithms to match filtered results with user search intent. However, we are now bombarded with composite images of unknown origin, authenticity, and even meaning. With such uncertainty, users may not have an initial idea of what the results of a search query should look like. For instance, hidden people, spliced objects, and subtly altered scenes can be difficult for a user to detect initially in a meme image, but may contribute significantly to its composition. We propose a new framework for image retrieval that models object-level regions using image keypoints retrieved from an image index, which are then used to accurately weight small contributing objects within the results, without the need for costly object detection steps. We call this method Needle-Haystack (NH) scoring, and it is optimized for fast matrix operations on CPUs. We show that this method not only performs comparably to state-of-the-art methods in classic CBIR problems, but also outperforms them in fine-grained object- and instance-level retrieval on the Oxford 5K, Paris 6K, Google-Landmarks, and NIST MFC2018 datasets, as well as meme-style imagery from Reddit. 
### 37.PLMP - Point-Line Minimal Problems in Complete Multi-View Visibility  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10008.pdf)
>  We present a complete classification of all minimal problems for generic arrangements of points and lines completely observed by calibrated perspective cameras. We show that there are only 30 minimal problems in total, no problems exist for more than 6 cameras, for more than 5 points, and for more than 6 lines. We present a sequence of tests for detecting minimality starting with counting degrees of freedom and ending with full symbolic and numeric verification of representative examples. For all minimal problems discovered, we present their algebraic degrees, i.e. the number of solutions, which measure their intrinsic difficulty. Our classification shows that there are many interesting new minimal problems. Our results also show how exactly the difficulty of problems grows with the number of views. Importantly, we discovered several new minimal problems with small degrees that might be practical in image matching and 3D reconstruction. 
### 38.Cluster Alignment with a Teacher for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09980.pdf)
>  Deep learning methods have shown promise in unsupervised domain adaptation, which aims to leverage a labeled source domain to learn a classifier for the unlabeled target domain with a different distribution. However, such methods typically learn a domain-invariant representation space to match the marginal distributions of the source and target domains, while ignoring their fine-level structures. In this paper, we propose Cluster Alignment with a Teacher (CAT) for unsupervised domain adaptation, which can effectively incorporate the discriminative clustering structures in both domains for better adaptation. Technically, CAT leverages an implicit ensembling teacher model to reliably discover the class-conditional structure in the feature space for the unlabeled target domain. Then CAT forces the features of both the source and the target domains to form discriminative class-conditional clusters and aligns the corresponding clusters across domains. Empirical results demonstrate that CAT achieves state-of-the-art results in several unsupervised domain adaptation scenarios. 
### 39.Joint Learning of Discriminative Low-dimensional Image Representations Based on Dictionary Learning and Two-layer Orthogonal Projections  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09977.pdf)
>  This work investigates the problem of efficiently learning discriminative low-dimensional representations of multiclass large-scale image objects. We propose a generic deep learning approach by taking advantages of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), sparse dictionary learning, and orthogonal projections. CNN is not only powerful on feature extraction, but also robust to spatial variance and changes. Sparse dictionary learning is well known for disentangling nonlinear underlying discriminative factors in data. The orthogonal projection is a notable efficient tool to project multi-class data onto low dimensional discriminative subspace. The proposed procedure can be summarized as follows. At first, a CNN is employed to extract high-dimensional (HD) preliminary convolutional features. Secondly, to avoid the high computational cost of direct sparse coding on HD CNN features, we present to learn sparse representation (SR) in an orthogonal projected space over a taskdriven sparsifying dictionary. We then exploit the discriminative projection on SR. The whole learning process is treated as a joint optimization problem of trace quotient maximization, which involves the CNN parameters, the orthogonal projection on CNN features, the dictionary and the discriminative projection on sparse codes. The related cost function is well defined on product manifold of the Stiefel manifold, the Oblique manifold, and the Grassmann manifold. It is optimized via a geometrical stochastic gradient descent algorithm. Finally, the quality of dictionary and projections learned by the proposed approach is further investigated in terms of image classification. The experimental results show that the approach can achieve a strongly competitive performance with state-of-the-art image classification methods. 
### 40.Periphery-Fovea Multi-Resolution Driving Model guided by Human Attention  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09950.pdf)
>  Inspired by human vision, we propose a new periphery-fovea multi-resolution driving model that predicts vehicle speed from dash camera videos. The peripheral vision module of the model processes the full video frames in low resolution. Its foveal vision module selects sub-regions and uses high-resolution input from those regions to improve its driving performance. We train the fovea selection module with supervision from driver gaze. We show that adding high-resolution input from predicted human driver gaze locations significantly improves the driving accuracy of the model. Our periphery-fovea multi-resolution model outperforms a uni-resolution periphery-only model that has the same amount of floating-point operations. More importantly, we demonstrate that our driving model achieves a significantly higher performance gain in pedestrian-involved critical situations than in other non-critical situations. 
### 41.Variational Inference with Latent Space Quantization for Adversarial Resilience  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09940.pdf)
>  Despite their tremendous success in modelling high-dimensional data manifolds, deep neural networks suffer from the threat of adversarial attacks - Existence of perceptually valid input-like samples obtained through careful perturbations that leads to degradation in the performance of underlying model. Major concerns with existing defense mechanisms include non-generalizability across different attacks, models and large inference time. In this paper, we propose a generalized defense mechanism capitalizing on the expressive power of regularized latent space based generative models. We design an adversarial filter, devoid of access to classifier and adversaries, which makes it usable in tandem with any classifier. The basic idea is to learn a Lipschitz constrained mapping from the data manifold, incorporating adversarial perturbations, to a quantized latent space and re-map it to the true data manifold. Specifically, we simultaneously auto-encode the data manifold and its perturbations implicitly through the perturbations of the regularized and quantized generative latent space, realized using variational inference. We demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed formulation in providing the resilience against multiple attack types (Black and white box) and methods, while being almost real-time. Our experiments show that the proposed method surpasses the state-of-the-art techniques in several cases. 
### 42.KPTransfer: improved performance and faster convergence from keypoint subset-wise domain transfer in human pose estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09926.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel approach called KPTransfer for improving modeling performance for keypoint detection deep neural networks via domain transfer between different keypoint subsets. This approach is motivated by the notion that rich contextual knowledge can be transferred between different keypoint subsets representing separate domains. In particular, the proposed method takes into account various keypoint subsets/domains by sequentially adding and removing keypoints. Contextual knowledge is transferred between two separate domains via domain transfer. Experiments to demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed KPTransfer approach were performed for the task of human pose estimation on the MPII dataset, with comparisons against random initialization and frozen weight extraction configurations. Experimental results demonstrate the efficacy of performing domain transfer between two different joint subsets resulting in a PCKh improvement of up to 1.1 over random initialization on joints such as wrists and knee in certain joint splits with an overall PCKh improvement of 0.5. Domain transfer from a different set of joints not only results in improved accuracy but also results in faster convergence because of mutual co-adaptations of weights resulting from the contextual knowledge of the pose from a different set of joints. 
### 43.SRGAN: Training Dataset Matters  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09922.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) in supervised settings can generate photo-realistic corresponding output from low-definition input (SRGAN). Using the architecture presented in the SRGAN original paper [2], we explore how selecting a dataset affects the outcome by using three different datasets to see that SRGAN fundamentally learns objects, with their shape, color, and texture, and redraws them in the output rather than merely attempting to sharpen edges. This is further underscored with our demonstration that once the network learns the images of the dataset, it can generate a photo-like image with even a slight hint of what it might look like for the original from a very blurry edged sketch. Given a set of inference images, the network trained with the same dataset results in a better outcome over the one trained with arbitrary set of images, and we report its significance numerically with Frechet Inception Distance score [22]. 
### 44.Efficiently utilizing complex-valued PolSAR image data via a multi-task deep learning framework  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09917.pdf)
>  Accompanied by the successful progress of deep representation learning, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been widely applied to improve the accuracy of polarimetric synthetic aperture radar (PolSAR) image classification. However, in most applications, the difference between PolSAR image and optical image is rarely considered. The design of most existing network structures is not tailored to the characteristics of PolSAR image data and complex-valued data of PolSAR image are simply equated to real-valued data to adapt to the existing mainstream network pipeline to avoid complex-valued operations. These make CNNs unable to perform their full capabilities in the PolSAR image classification tasks. In this paper, we focus on finding a better input form of PolSAR image data and designing special CNN structures that are more compatible with PolSAR image. Considering the relationship between complex number and its amplitude and phase, we extract the amplitude and phase of the complex-valued PolSAR image data as input to maintain the integrity of the original information while avoiding the current immature complex-valued operations, and a novel multi-task CNN framework is proposed to adapt to novel form of input data. Furthermore, in order to better explore the unique phase information in the PolSAR image data, depthwise separable convolutions are applied to the proposed multi-task CNN model. Experiments on three benchmark datasets not only prove that using amplitude and phase information as input does contribute to the improvement of classification accuracy, but also verify the effectiveness of the proposed methods for amplitude and phase input. 
### 45.sharpDARTS: Faster and More Accurate Differentiable Architecture Search  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09900.pdf)
>  Neural Architecture Search (NAS) has been a source of dramatic improvements in neural network design, with recent results meeting or exceeding the performance of hand-tuned architectures. However, our understanding of how to represent the search space for neural net architectures and how to search that space efficiently are both still in their infancy. <br />We have performed an in-depth analysis to identify limitations in a widely used search space and a recent architecture search method, Differentiable Architecture Search (DARTS). These findings led us to introduce novel network blocks with a more general, balanced, and consistent design; a better-optimized Cosine Power Annealing learning rate schedule; and other improvements. Our resulting sharpDARTS search is 50% faster with a 20-30% relative improvement in final model error on CIFAR-10 when compared to DARTS. Our best single model run has 1.93% (1.98+/-0.07) validation error on CIFAR-10 and 5.5% error (5.8+/-0.3) on the recently released CIFAR-10.1 test set. To our knowledge, both are state of the art for models of similar size. This model also generalizes competitively to ImageNet at 25.1% top-1 (7.8% top-5) error. <br />We found improvements for existing search spaces but does DARTS generalize to new domains? We propose Differentiable Hyperparameter Grid Search and the HyperCuboid search space, which are representations designed to leverage DARTS for more general parameter optimization. Here we find that DARTS fails to generalize when compared against a human&#39;s one shot choice of models. We look back to the DARTS and sharpDARTS search spaces to understand why, and an ablation study reveals an unusual generalization gap. We finally propose Max-W regularization to solve this problem, which proves significantly better than the handmade design. Code will be made available. 
### 46.Distributed Lossy Image Compression with Recurrent Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09887.pdf)
>  We propose a new architecture for distributed image compression from a group of distributed data sources. The proposed architecture, which we refer to as symmetric Encoder-Decoder Convolutional Recurrent Neural Network, is able to significantly outperform the state-of-the-art compression techniques such as JPEG on rate-distortion curves. We also show that by training distributed encoders and joint decoders on correlated data sources, the performance of compression is much better than that by training codecs separately. For 10 distributed sources, our distributed system remarkably performs within 2 dB peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) of that of a single codec trained with all data sources. We experiment distributed sources with different correlations and show how our methodology well matches the Slepian-Wolf Theorem in Distributed Source Coding (DSC). Our method is also shown to be robust to the lack of presence of encoded data from a number of distributed sources. To our best knowledge, this is the first data-driven DSC framework for general distributed code design with Deep Learning. 
### 47.An End-to-end Framework For Integrated Pulmonary Nodule Detection and False Positive Reduction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09880.pdf)
>  Pulmonary nodule detection using low-dose Computed Tomography (CT) is often the first step in lung disease screening and diagnosis. Recently, algorithms based on deep convolutional neural nets have shown great promise for automated nodule detection. Most of the existing deep learning nodule detection systems are constructed in two steps: a) nodule candidates screening and b) false positive reduction, using two different models trained separately. Although it is commonly adopted, the two-step approach not only imposes significant resource overhead on training two independent deep learning models, but also is sub-optimal because it prevents cross-talk between the two. In this work, we present an end-to-end framework for nodule detection, integrating nodule candidate screening and false positive reduction into one model, trained jointly. We demonstrate that the end-to-end system improves the performance by 3.88\% over the two-step approach, while at the same time reducing model complexity by one third and cutting inference time by 3.6 fold. Code will be made publicly available. 
### 48.Automatic Pulmonary Lobe Segmentation Using Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09879.pdf)
>  Pulmonary lobe segmentation is an important task for pulmonary disease related Computer Aided Diagnosis systems (CADs). Classical methods for lobe segmentation rely on successful detection of fissures and other anatomical information such as the location of blood vessels and airways. With the success of deep learning in recent years, Deep Convolutional Neural Network (DCNN) has been widely applied to analyze medical images like Computed Tomography (CT) and Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), which, however, requires a large number of ground truth annotations. In this work, we release our manually labeled 50 CT scans which are randomly chosen from the LUNA16 dataset and explore the use of deep learning on this task. We propose pre-processing CT image by cropping region that is covered by the convex hull of the lungs in order to mitigate the influence of noise from outside the lungs. Moreover, we design a hybrid loss function with dice loss to tackle extreme class imbalance issue and focal loss to force model to focus on voxels that are hard to be discriminated. To validate the robustness and performance of our proposed framework trained with a small number of training examples, we further tested our model on CT scans from an independent dataset. Experimental results show the robustness of the proposed approach, which consistently improves performance across different datasets by a maximum of $5.87\%$ as compared to a baseline model. 
### 49.Automated pulmonary nodule detection using 3D deep convolutional neural networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09876.pdf)
>  Early detection of pulmonary nodules in computed tomography (CT) images is essential for successful outcomes among lung cancer patients. Much attention has been given to deep convolutional neural network (DCNN)-based approaches to this task, but models have relied at least partly on 2D or 2.5D components for inherently 3D data. In this paper, we introduce a novel DCNN approach, consisting of two stages, that is fully three-dimensional end-to-end and utilizes the state-of-the-art in object detection. First, nodule candidates are identified with a U-Net-inspired 3D Faster R-CNN trained using online hard negative mining. Second, false positive reduction is performed by 3D DCNN classifiers trained on difficult examples produced during candidate screening. Finally, we introduce a method to ensemble models from both stages via consensus to give the final predictions. By using this framework, we ranked first of 2887 teams in Season One of Alibaba&#39;s 2017 TianChi AI Competition for Healthcare. 
### 50.StartNet: Online Detection of Action Start in Untrimmed Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09868.pdf)
>  We propose StartNet to address Online Detection of Action Start (ODAS) where action starts and their associated categories are detected in untrimmed, streaming videos. Previous methods aim to localize action starts by learning feature representations that can directly separate the start point from its preceding background. It is challenging due to the subtle appearance difference near the action starts and the lack of training data. Instead, StartNet decomposes ODAS into two stages: action classification (using ClsNet) and start point localization (using LocNet). ClsNet focuses on per-frame labeling and predicts action score distributions online. Based on the predicted action scores of the past and current frames, LocNet conducts class-agnostic start detection by optimizing long-term localization rewards using policy gradient methods. The proposed framework is validated on two large-scale datasets, THUMOS&#39;14 and ActivityNet. The experimental results show that StartNet significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art by 15%-30% p-mAP under the offset tolerance of 1-10 seconds on THUMOS&#39;14, and achieves comparable performance on ActivityNet with 10 times smaller time offset. 
### 51.Monocular 3D Object Detection with Pseudo-LiDAR Point Cloud  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09847.pdf)
>  Monocular 3D scene understanding tasks, such as object size estimation, heading angle estimation and 3D localization, is challenging. Successful modern day methods for 3D scene understanding require the use of a 3D sensor such as a depth camera, a stereo camera or LiDAR. On the other hand, single image based methods have significantly worse performance, but rightly so, as there is little explicit depth information in a 2D image. In this work, we aim at bridging the performance gap between 3D sensing and 2D sensing for 3D object detection by enhancing LiDAR-based algorithms to work with single image input. Specifically, we perform monocular depth estimation and lift the input image to a point cloud representation, which we call pseudo-LiDAR point cloud. Then we can train a LiDAR-based 3D detection network with our pseudo-LiDAR end-to-end. Following the pipeline of two-stage 3D detection algorithms, we detect 2D object proposals in the input image and extract a point cloud frustum from the pseudo-LiDAR for each proposal. Then an oriented 3D bounding box is detected for each frustum. To handle the large amount of noise in the pseudo-LiDAR, we propose two innovations: (1) use a 2D-3D bounding box consistency constraint, adjusting the predicted 3D bounding box to have a high overlap with its corresponding 2D proposal after projecting onto the image; (2) use the instance mask instead of the bounding box as the representation of 2D proposals, in order to reduce the number of points not belonging to the object in the point cloud frustum. Through our evaluation on the KITTI benchmark, we achieve the top-ranked performance on both bird&#39;s eye view and 3D object detection among all monocular methods, effectively quadrupling the performance over previous state-of-the-art. 
### 52.Rotated Feature Network for multi-orientation object detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09839.pdf)
>  General detectors follow the pipeline that feature maps extracted from ConvNets are shared between classification and regression tasks. However, there exists obvious conflicting requirements in multi-orientation object detection that classification is insensitive to orientations, while regression is quite sensitive. To address this issue, we provide an Encoder-Decoder architecture, called Rotated Feature Network (RFN), which produces rotation-sensitive feature maps (RS) for regression and rotation-invariant feature maps (RI) for classification. Specifically, the Encoder unit assigns weights for rotated feature maps. The Decoder unit extracts RS and RI by performing resuming operator on rotated and reweighed feature maps, respectively. To make the rotation-invariant characteristics more reliable, we adopt a metric to quantitatively evaluate the rotation-invariance by adding a constrain item in the loss, yielding a promising detection performance. Compared with the state-of-the-art methods, our method can achieve significant improvement on NWPU VHR-10 and RSOD datasets. We further evaluate the RFN on the scene classification in remote sensing images and object detection in natural images, demonstrating its good generalization ability. The proposed RFN can be integrated into an existing framework, leading to great performance with only a slight increase in model complexity. 
### 53.Curve Text Detection with Local Segmentation Network and Curve Connection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09837.pdf)
>  Curve text or arbitrary shape text is very common in real-world scenarios. In this paper, we propose a novel framework with the local segmentation network (LSN) followed by the curve connection to detect text in horizontal, oriented and curved forms. The LSN is composed of two elements, i.e., proposal generation to get the horizontal rectangle proposals with high overlap with text and text segmentation to find the arbitrary shape text region within proposals. The curve connection is then designed to connect the local mask to the detection results. We conduct experiments using the proposed framework on two real-world curve text detection datasets and demonstrate the effectiveness over previous approaches. 
### 54.1D-Convolutional Capsule Network for Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09834.pdf)
>  Recently, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have achieved excellent performances in many computer vision tasks. Specifically, for hyperspectral images (HSIs) classification, CNNs often require very complex structure due to the high dimension of HSIs. The complex structure of CNNs results in prohibitive training efforts. Moreover, the common situation in HSIs classification task is the lack of labeled samples, which results in accuracy deterioration of CNNs. In this work, we develop an easy-to-implement capsule network to alleviate the aforementioned problems, i.e., 1D-convolution capsule network (1D-ConvCapsNet). Firstly, 1D-ConvCapsNet separately extracts spatial and spectral information on spatial and spectral domains, which is more lightweight than 3D-convolution due to fewer parameters. Secondly, 1D-ConvCapsNet utilizes the capsule-wise constraint window method to reduce parameter amount and computational complexity of conventional capsule network. Finally, 1D-ConvCapsNet obtains accurate predictions with respect to input samples via dynamic routing. The effectiveness of the 1D-ConvCapsNet is verified by three representative HSI datasets. Experimental results demonstrate that 1D-ConvCapsNet is superior to state-of-the-art methods in both the accuracy and training effort. 
### 55.Color Filter Arrays for Quanta Image Sensors  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09823.pdf)
>  Quanta image sensor (QIS) is to be the next generation image sensor after CCD and CMOS. To enable such technology, significant progress was made over the past five years to advance both the device and image reconstruction algorithms. In this paper, we discuss color imaging using QIS, in particular how to design color filter arrays. Designing color filter arrays for QIS is challenging because at the pixel pitch of 1.1$\mu$m, maximizing the light efficiency while suppressing aliasing and crosstalk are conflicting tasks. We present an optimization-based framework to design color filter arrays for very small pixels. The new framework unifies several mainstream color filter array design frameworks by offering generality and flexibility. Compared to the existing frameworks which can only handle one or two design criteria, the new framework can simultaneously handle luminance gain, chrominance gain, cross-talk, anti-aliasing, manufacturability and orthogonality. Extensive experimental comparisons demonstrate the effectiveness and generality of the framework. 
### 56.Feedback Network for Image Super-Resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09814.pdf)
>  Recent advances in image super-resolution (SR) explored the power of deep learning to achieve a better reconstruction performance. However, the feedback mechanism, which commonly exists in human visual system, has not been fully exploited in existing deep learning based image SR methods. In this paper, we propose an image super-resolution feedback network (SRFBN) to refine low-level representations with high-level information. Specifically, we use hidden states in an RNN with constraints to achieve such feedback manner. A feedback block is designed to handle the feedback connections and to generate powerful high-level representations. The proposed SRFBN comes with a strong early reconstruction ability and can create the final high-resolution image step by step. In addition, we introduce a curriculum learning strategy to make the network well suitable for more complicated tasks, where the low-resolution images are corrupted by multiple types of degradation. Extensive experimental results demonstrate the superiority of the proposed SRFBN in comparison with the state-of-the-art methods. Code is avaliable at <a href="https://github.com/Paper99/SRFBN_CVPR19">this https URL</a>. 
### 57.Semantic denoising autoencoders for retinal optical coherence tomography  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09809.pdf)
>  Noise in speckle-prone optical coherence tomography tends to obfuscate important details necessary for medical diagnosis. In this paper, a denoising approach that preserves disease characteristics on retinal optical coherence tomography images in ophthalmology is presented. By combining a deep convolutional autoencoder with a priorly trained ResNet image classifier as regularizer, the perceptibility of delicate details is encouraged and only information-less background noise is filtered out. With our approach, higher peak signal-to-noise ratios with $ \mathrm{PSNR} = 31.2\,\mathrm{dB} $ and higher classification accuracy of $\mathrm{ACC} = 85.0\,\%$ can be achieved for denoised images compared to state-of-the-art denoising with $ \mathrm{PSNR} = 29.4\,\mathrm{dB} $ or $\mathrm{ACC} = 70.3\,\%$, depending on the method. It is shown that regularized autoencoders are capable of denoising retinal OCT images without blurring details of diseases. 
### 58.Spatially-weighted Anomaly Detection with Regression Model  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09798.pdf)
>  Visual anomaly detection is common in several applications including medical screening and production quality check. Although a definition of the anomaly is an unknown trend in data, in many cases some hints or samples of the anomaly class can be given in advance. Conventional methods cannot use the available anomaly data, and also do not have a robustness of noise. In this paper, we propose a novel spatially-weighted reconstruction-loss-based anomaly detection with a likelihood value from a regression model trained by all known data. The spatial weights are calculated by a region of interest generated from employing visualization of the regression model. We introduce some ways to combine with various strategies to propose a state-of-the-art method. Comparing with other methods on three different datasets, we empirically verify the proposed method performs better than the others. 
### 59.An End-to-End Network for Generating Social Relationship Graphs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09784.pdf)
>  Socially-intelligent agents are of growing interest in artificial intelligence. To this end, we need systems that can understand social relationships in diverse social contexts. Inferring the social context in a given visual scene not only involves recognizing objects, but also demands a more in-depth understanding of the relationships and attributes of the people involved. To achieve this, one computational approach for representing human relationships and attributes is to use an explicit knowledge graph, which allows for high-level reasoning. We introduce a novel end-to-end-trainable neural network that is capable of generating a Social Relationship Graph - a structured, unified representation of social relationships and attributes - from a given input image. Our Social Relationship Graph Generation Network (SRG-GN) is the first to use memory cells like Gated Recurrent Units (GRUs) to iteratively update the social relationship states in a graph using scene and attribute context. The neural network exploits the recurrent connections among the GRUs to implement message passing between nodes and edges in the graph, and results in significant improvement over previous methods for social relationship recognition. 
### 60.What Synthesis is Missing: Depth Adaptation Integrated with Weak Supervision for Indoor Scene Parsing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09781.pdf)
>  Scene Parsing is a crucial step to enable autonomous systems to understand and interact with their surroundings. Supervised deep learning methods have made great progress in solving scene parsing problems, however, come at the cost of laborious manual pixel-level annotation. To alleviate this effort synthetic data as well as weak supervision have both been investigated. Nonetheless, synthetically generated data still suffers from severe domain shift while weak labels are often imprecise. Moreover, most existing works for weakly supervised scene parsing are limited to salient foreground objects. The aim of this work is hence twofold: Exploit synthetic data where feasible and integrate weak supervision where necessary. More concretely, we address this goal by utilizing depth as transfer domain because its synthetic-to-real discrepancy is much lower than for color. At the same time, we perform weak localization from easily obtainable image level labels and integrate both using a novel contour-based scheme. Our approach is implemented as a teacher-student learning framework to solve the transfer learning problem by generating a pseudo ground truth. Using only depth-based adaptation, this approach already outperforms previous transfer learning approaches on the popular indoor scene parsing SUN RGB-D dataset. Our proposed two-stage integration more than halves the gap towards fully supervised methods when compared to previous state-of-the-art in transfer learning. 
### 61.Auto-ReID: Searching for a Part-aware ConvNet for Person Re-Identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09776.pdf)
>  Prevailing deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for person re-IDentification (reID) are usually built upon the ResNet or VGG backbones, which were originally designed for classification. Because reID has certain differences from classification, the architecture should be modified accordingly. We propose to search for a CNN architecture that is specifically suitable for the reID task. There are three main problems. First, body structural information plays an important role in reID but is not encoded in backbones. Part-based reID models incorporate structure information at the tail of a CNN. Performance relies heavily on human experts and the models are backbone-dependent, requiring extensive human effort when a different backbone is used. Second, Neural Architecture Search (NAS) automates the process of architecture design without human effort, but no existing NAS methods incorporate the structure information of input images. Third, reID is essentially a retrieval task but current NAS algorithms are merely designed for classification. To solve these problems, we propose a retrieval-based search algorithm over a specifically designed reID search space, named Auto-ReID. Our Auto-ReID enables the automated approach to find an efficient and effective CNN architecture that is specifically suitable for reID. Extensive experiments indicate that the searched architecture achieves state-of-the-art performance while requiring less than about 50% parameters and 53% FLOPs compared to others. 
### 62.Fast Underwater Image Enhancement for Improved Visual Perception  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09766.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a conditional generative adversarial network-based model for underwater image enhancement in real-time. In order to supervise the adversarial training, we formulate an objective function that evaluates the perceptual image quality based on its global content, color, and local style information. In addition, we present EUVP, a large-scale dataset of a paired and an unpaired collection of underwater images (of poor and good quality) that are captured using seven different cameras over various visibility conditions during oceanic explorations and human-robot collaborative experiments. Furthermore, we perform a number of qualitative and quantitative evaluations which suggest that the proposed model can learn to enhance the quality of underwater images from both paired and unpaired training. More importantly, the enhanced images provide improved performances for several standard models for underwater object detection and human pose estimation; hence, the proposed model can be used as an image processing pipeline by visually-guided underwater robots in real-time applications. 
### 63.Scene Understanding for Autonomous Manipulation with Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09761.pdf)
>  Over the past few years, deep learning techniques have achieved tremendous success in many visual understanding tasks such as object detection, image segmentation, and caption generation. Despite this thriving in computer vision and natural language processing, deep learning has not yet shown significant impact in robotics. Due to the gap between theory and application, there are many challenges when applying the results of deep learning to the real robotic systems. In this study, our long-term goal is to bridge the gap between computer vision and robotics by developing visual methods that can be used in real robots. In particular, this work tackles two fundamental visual problems for autonomous robotic manipulation: affordance detection and fine-grained action understanding. Theoretically, we propose different deep architectures to further improves the state of the art in each problem. Empirically, we show that the outcomes of our proposed methods can be applied in real robots and allow them to perform useful manipulation tasks. 
### 64.Photorealistic Style Transfer via Wavelet Transforms  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09760.pdf)
>  Recent style transfer models have provided promising artistic results. However, given a photograph as a reference style, existing methods are limited by spatial distortions or unrealistic artifacts, which should not happen in real photographs. We introduce a theoretically sound correction to the network architecture that remarkably enhances photorealism and faithfully transfers the style. The key ingredient of our method is wavelet transforms that naturally fits in deep networks. We propose a wavelet corrected transfer based on whitening and coloring transforms (WCT$^2$) that allows features to preserve their structural information and statistical properties of VGG feature space during stylization. This is the first and the only end-to-end model that can stylize $1024\times1024$ resolution image in 4.7 seconds, giving a pleasing and photorealistic quality without any post-processing. Last but not least, our model provides a stable video stylization without temporal constraints. The code, generated images, supplementary materials, and pre-trained models are all available at <a href="https://github.com/ClovaAI/WCT2">this https URL</a>. 
### 65.Trifocal Relative Pose from Lines at Points and its Efficient Solution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09755.pdf)
>  We present a new minimal problem for relative pose estimation mixing point features with lines incident at points observed in three views and its efficient homotopy continuation solver. We demonstrate the generality of the approach by analyzing and solving an additional trifocal problem with mixed points and line correspondences in three views. The minimal problems include correspondences across three views of (i) three points and one line and (ii) three points and two lines through two of the points which is reported and analyzed here for the first time. These are difficult to solve, as they have 216 and -- as shown here -- 312 solutions, but cover important practical situations when line and point features appear together, \eg, in urban scenes or when observing curves. We demonstrate that even such difficult problems can be solved robustly using a suitable homotopy continuation technique and we provide an implementation optimized for minimal problems that can be integrated into engineering applications. Our simulated and real experiments demonstrate our solvers in the camera geometry computation task in structure from motion. We show that new solvers allow for reconstructing challenging scenes where the standard two-view initialization of structure from motion fails. 
### 66.Residual Pyramid Learning for Single-Shot Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09746.pdf)
>  Pixel-level semantic segmentation is a challenging task with a huge amount of computation, especially if the size of input is large. In the segmentation model, apart from the feature extraction, the extra decoder structure is often employed to recover spatial information. In this paper, we put forward a method for single-shot segmentation in a feature residual pyramid network (RPNet), which learns the main and residuals of segmentation by decomposing the label at different levels of residual blocks. Specifically speaking, we use the residual features to learn the edges and details, and the identity features to learn the main part of targets. At testing time, the predicted residuals are used to enhance the details of the top-level prediction. Residual learning blocks split the network into several shallow sub-networks which facilitates the training of the RPNet. We then evaluate the proposed method and compare it with recent state-of-the-art methods on CamVid and Cityscapes. The proposed single-shot segmentation based on RPNet achieves impressive results with high efficiency on pixel-level segmentation. 
### 67.Fast LLMMSE filter for low-dose CT imaging  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09745.pdf)
>  Low-dose X-ray CT technology is one of important directions of current research and development of medical imaging equipment. A fast algorithm of blockwise sinogram filtering is presented for realtime low-dose CT imaging. A nonstationary Gaussian noise model of low-dose sinogram data is proposed in the low-mA (tube current) CT protocol. Then, according to the linear minimum mean square error principle, an adaptive blockwise algorithm is built to filter contaminated sinogram data caused by photon starvation. A moving sum technique is used to speed the algorithm into a linear time one, regardless of the block size and thedata range. The proposedfast filtering givesa better performance in noise reduction and detail preservation in the reconstructed images,which is verified in experiments on simulated and real data compared with some related filtering methods. 
### 68.Generative Adversarial Minority Oversampling  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09730.pdf)
>  Class imbalance is a long-standing problem relevant to a number of real-world applications of deep learning. Oversampling techniques, which are effective for handling class imbalance in classical learning systems, can not be directly applied to end-to-end deep learning systems. We propose a three-player adversarial game between a convex generator, a multi-class classifier network, and a real/fake discriminator to perform oversampling in deep learning systems. The convex generator generates new samples from the minority classes as convex combinations of existing instances, aiming to fool both the discriminator as well as the classifier into misclassifying the generated samples. Consequently, the artificial samples are generated at critical locations near the peripheries of the classes. This, in turn, adjusts the classifier induced boundaries in a way which is more likely to reduce misclassification from the minority classes. Extensive experiments on multiple class imbalanced image datasets establish the efficacy of our proposal. 
### 69.Capsule Networks with Max-Min Normalization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09662.pdf)
>  Capsule Networks (CapsNet) use the Softmax function to convert the logits of the routing coefficients into a set of normalized values that signify the assignment probabilities between capsules in adjacent layers. We show that the use of Softmax prevents capsule layers from forming optimal couplings between lower and higher-level capsules. Softmax constrains the dynamic range of the routing coefficients and leads to probabilities that remain mostly uniform after several routing iterations. Instead, we propose the use of Max-Min normalization. Max-Min performs a scale-invariant normalization of the logits that allows each lower-level capsule to take on an independent value, constrained only by the bounds of normalization. Max-Min provides consistent improvement in test accuracy across five datasets and allows more routing iterations without a decrease in network performance. A single CapsNet trained using Max-Min achieves an improved test error of 0.20% on the MNIST dataset. With a simple 3-model majority vote, we achieve a test error of 0.17% on MNIST. 
### 70.Exploiting Excessive Invariance caused by Norm-Bounded Adversarial Robustness  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10484.pdf)
>  Adversarial examples are malicious inputs crafted to cause a model to misclassify them. Their most common instantiation, &#34;perturbation-based&#34; adversarial examples introduce changes to the input that leave its true label unchanged, yet result in a different model prediction. Conversely, &#34;invariance-based&#34; adversarial examples insert changes to the input that leave the model&#39;s prediction unaffected despite the underlying input&#39;s label having changed. <br />In this paper, we demonstrate that robustness to perturbation-based adversarial examples is not only insufficient for general robustness, but worse, it can also increase vulnerability of the model to invariance-based adversarial examples. In addition to analytical constructions, we empirically study vision classifiers with state-of-the-art robustness to perturbation-based adversaries constrained by an $\ell_p$ norm. We mount attacks that exploit excessive model invariance in directions relevant to the task, which are able to find adversarial examples within the $\ell_p$ ball. In fact, we find that classifiers trained to be $\ell_p$-norm robust are more vulnerable to invariance-based adversarial examples than their undefended counterparts. <br />Excessive invariance is not limited to models trained to be robust to perturbation-based $\ell_p$-norm adversaries. In fact, we argue that the term adversarial example is used to capture a series of model limitations, some of which may not have been discovered yet. Accordingly, we call for a set of precise definitions that taxonomize and address each of these shortcomings in learning. 
### 71.The functional role of cue-driven feature-based feedback in object recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10446.pdf)
>  Visual object recognition is not a trivial task, especially when the objects are degraded or surrounded by clutter or presented briefly. External cues (such as verbal cues or visual context) can boost recognition performance in such conditions. In this work, we build an artificial neural network to model the interaction between the object processing stream (OPS) and the cue. We study the effects of varying neural and representational capacities of the OPS on the performance boost provided by cue-driven feature-based feedback in the OPS. We observe that the feedback provides performance boosts only if the category-specific features about the objects cannot be fully represented in the OPS. This representational limit is more dependent on task demands than neural capacity. We also observe that the feedback scheme trained to maximise recognition performance boost is not the same as tuning-based feedback, and actually performs better than tuning-based feedback. 
### 72.Wav2Pix: Speech-conditioned Face Generation using Generative Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10195.pdf)
>  Speech is a rich biometric signal that contains information about the identity, gender and emotional state of the speaker. In this work, we explore its potential to generate face images of a speaker by conditioning a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) with raw speech input. We propose a deep neural network that is trained from scratch in an end-to-end fashion, generating a face directly from the raw speech waveform without any additional identity information (e.g reference image or one-hot encoding). Our model is trained in a self-supervised approach by exploiting the audio and visual signals naturally aligned in videos. With the purpose of training from video data, we present a novel dataset collected for this work, with high-quality videos of youtubers with notable expressiveness in both the speech and visual signals. 
### 73.Cyclical Annealing Schedule: A Simple Approach to Mitigating KL Vanishing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10145.pdf)
>  Variational autoencoders (VAEs) with an auto-regressive decoder have been applied for many natural language processing (NLP) tasks. The VAE objective consists of two terms, (i) reconstruction and (ii) KL regularization, balanced by a weighting hyper-parameter \beta. One notorious training difficulty is that the KL term tends to vanish. In this paper we study scheduling schemes for \beta, and show that KL vanishing is caused by the lack of good latent codes in training the decoder at the beginning of optimization. <br />To remedy this, we propose a cyclical annealing schedule, which repeats the process of increasing \beta multiple times. This new procedure allows the progressive learning of more meaningful latent codes, by leveraging the informative representations of previous cycles as warm re-starts. The effectiveness of cyclical annealing is validated on a broad range of NLP tasks, including language modeling, dialog response generation and unsupervised language pre-training. 
### 74.End-to-End Learning Using Cycle Consistency for Image-to-Caption Transformations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10118.pdf)
>  So far, research to generate captions from images has been carried out from the viewpoint that a caption holds sufficient information for an image. If it is possible to generate an image that is close to the input image from a generated caption, i.e., if it is possible to generate a natural language caption containing sufficient information to reproduce the image, then the caption is considered to be faithful to the image. To make such regeneration possible, learning using the cycle-consistency loss is effective. In this study, we propose a method of generating captions by learning end-to-end mutual transformations between images and texts. To evaluate our method, we perform comparative experiments with and without the cycle consistency. The results are evaluated by an automatic evaluation and crowdsourcing, demonstrating that our proposed method is effective. 
### 75.One time is not enough: iterative tensor decomposition for neural network compression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09973.pdf)
>  The low-rank tensor approximation is very promising for the compression of deep neural networks. We propose a new simple and efficient iterative approach, which alternates low-rank factorization with a smart rank selection and fine-tuning. We demonstrate the efficiency of our method comparing to non-iterative ones. Our approach improves the compression rate while maintaining the accuracy for a variety of tasks. 
### 76.BitSplit-Net: Multi-bit Deep Neural Network with Bitwise Activation Function  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09807.pdf)
>  Significant computational cost and memory requirements for deep neural networks (DNNs) make it difficult to utilize DNNs in resource-constrained environments. Binary neural network (BNN), which uses binary weights and binary activations, has been gaining interests for its hardware-friendly characteristics and minimal resource requirement. However, BNN usually suffers from accuracy degradation. In this paper, we introduce &#34;BitSplit-Net&#34;, a neural network which maintains the hardware-friendly characteristics of BNN while improving accuracy by using multi-bit precision. In BitSplit-Net, each bit of multi-bit activations propagates independently throughout the network before being merged at the end of the network. Thus, each bit path of the BitSplit-Net resembles BNN and hardware friendly features of BNN, such as bitwise binary activation function, are preserved in our scheme. We demonstrate that the BitSplit version of LeNet-5, VGG-9, AlexNet, and ResNet-18 can be trained to have similar classification accuracy at a lower computational cost compared to conventional multi-bit networks with low bit precision (&lt;= 4-bit). We further evaluate BitSplit-Net on GPU with custom CUDA kernel, showing that BitSplit-Net can achieve better hardware performance in comparison to conventional multi-bit networks. 
### 77.Improving Adversarial Robustness via Guided Complement Entropy  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09799.pdf)
>  Model robustness has been an important issue, since adding small adversarial perturbations to images is sufficient to drive the model accuracy down to nearly zero. In this paper, we propose a new training objective &#34;Guided Complement Entropy&#34; (GCE) that has dual desirable effects: (a) neutralizing the predicted probabilities of incorrect classes, and (b) maximizing the predicted probability of the ground-truth class, particularly when (a) is achieved. Training with GCE encourages models to learn latent representations where samples of different classes form distinct clusters, which we argue, improves the model robustness against adversarial perturbations. Furthermore, compared with the state-of-the-arts trained with cross-entropy, same models trained with GCE achieve significant improvements on the robustness against white-box adversarial attacks, both with and without adversarial training. When no attack is present, training with GCE also outperforms cross-entropy in terms of model accuracy. 
### 78.Progressive DNN Compression: A Key to Achieve Ultra-High Weight Pruning and Quantization Rates using ADMM  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.09769.pdf)
>  Weight pruning and weight quantization are two important categories of DNN model compression. Prior work on these techniques are mainly based on heuristics. A recent work developed a systematic frame-work of DNN weight pruning using the advanced optimization technique ADMM (Alternating Direction Methods of Multipliers), achieving one of state-of-art in weight pruning results. In this work, we first extend such one-shot ADMM-based framework to guarantee solution feasibility and provide fast convergence rate, and generalize to weight quantization as well. We have further developed a multi-step, progressive DNN weight pruning and quantization framework, with dual benefits of (i) achieving further weight pruning/quantization thanks to the special property of ADMM regularization, and (ii) reducing the search space within each step. Extensive experimental results demonstrate the superior performance compared with prior work. Some highlights: (i) we achieve 246x,36x, and 8x weight pruning on LeNet-5, AlexNet, and ResNet-50 models, respectively, with (almost) zero accuracy loss; (ii) even a significant 61x weight pruning in AlexNet (ImageNet) results in only minor degradation in actual accuracy compared with prior work; (iii) we are among the first to derive notable weight pruning results for ResNet and MobileNet models; (iv) we derive the first lossless, fully binarized (for all layers) LeNet-5 for MNIST and VGG-16 for CIFAR-10; and (v) we derive the first fully binarized (for all layers) ResNet for ImageNet with reasonable accuracy loss. 
