# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 1 Mar 2019
### 1.A CNN-RNN Framework with a Novel Patch-Based Multi-Attention Mechanism for Multi-Label Image Classification in Remote Sensing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11274.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel framework that jointly exploits Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) in the context of multi-label remote sensing (RS) image classification. The proposed framework consists of four main modules. The first module aims to extract preliminary local descriptors by considering that RS image bands can be associated with different spatial resolutions. To this end, we introduce a K-Branch CNN in which each branch aims at extracting descriptors of image bands that have the same spatial resolution. The second module aims to model spatial relationship among local descriptors. To this end, we propose a Bidirectional RNN architecture in which Long Short-Term Memory nodes enrich local descriptors by considering spatial relationships of local areas (image patches). The third module aims to define multiple attention scores for local descriptors. To this end, we introduce a novel patch-based multi-attention mechanism that takes into account the joint occurrence of multiple land-cover classes and provides the attention-based local descriptors. The last module aims to employ these descriptors for multi-label RS image classification. Experimental results obtained on our large-scale Sentinel-2 benchmark archive (called as BigEarthNet) show the effectiveness of the proposed framework compared to a state of the art method. 
### 2.CircConv: A Structured Convolution with Low Complexity  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11268.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs), especially deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs), have emerged as the powerful technique in various machine learning applications. However, the large model sizes of DNNs yield high demands on computation resource and weight storage, thereby limiting the practical deployment of DNNs. To overcome these limitations, this paper proposes to impose the circulant structure to the construction of convolutional layers, and hence leads to circulant convolutional layers (CircConvs) and circulant CNNs. The circulant structure and models can be either trained from scratch or re-trained from a pre-trained non-circulant model, thereby making it very flexible for different training environments. Through extensive experiments, such strong structure-imposing approach is proved to be able to substantially reduce the number of parameters of convolutional layers and enable significant saving of computational cost by using fast multiplication of the circulant tensor. 
### 3.Efficient Parameter-free Clustering Using First Neighbor Relations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11266.pdf)
>  We present a new clustering method in the form of a single clustering equation that is able to directly discover groupings in the data. The main proposition is that the first neighbor of each sample is all one needs to discover large chains and finding the groups in the data. In contrast to most existing clustering algorithms our method does not require any hyper-parameters, distance thresholds and/or the need to specify the number of clusters. The proposed algorithm belongs to the family of hierarchical agglomerative methods. The technique has a very low computational overhead, is easily scalable and applicable to large practical problems. Evaluation on well known datasets from different domains ranging between 1077 and 8.1 million samples shows substantial performance gains when compared to the existing clustering techniques. 
### 4.No Padding Please: Efficient Neural Handwriting Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11208.pdf)
>  Neural handwriting recognition (NHR) is the recognition of handwritten text with deep learning models, such as multi-dimensional long short-term memory (MDLSTM) recurrent neural networks. Models with MDLSTM layers have achieved state-of-the art results on handwritten text recognition tasks. While multi-directional MDLSTM-layers have an unbeaten ability to capture the complete context in all directions, this strength limits the possibilities for parallelization, and therefore comes at a high computational cost. In this work we develop methods to create efficient MDLSTM-based models for NHR, particularly a method aimed at eliminating computation waste that results from padding. This proposed method, called example-packing, replaces wasteful stacking of padded examples with efficient tiling in a 2-dimensional grid. For word-based NHR this yields a speed improvement of factor 6.6 over an already efficient baseline of minimal padding for each batch separately. For line-based NHR the savings are more modest, but still significant. In addition to example-packing, we propose: 1) a technique to optimize parallelization for dynamic graph definition frameworks including PyTorch, using convolutions with grouping, 2) a method for parallelization across GPUs for variable-length example batches. All our techniques are thoroughly tested on our own PyTorch re-implementation of MDLSTM-based NHR models. A thorough evaluation on the IAM dataset shows that our models are performing similar to earlier implementations of state-of-the-art models. Our efficient NHR model and some of the reusable techniques discussed with it offer ways to realize relatively efficient models for the omnipresent scenario of variable-length inputs in deep learning. 
### 5.Two-phase Hair Image Synthesis by Self-Enhancing Generative Model  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11203.pdf)
>  Generating plausible hair image given limited guidance, such as sparse sketches or low-resolution image, has been made possible with the rise of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). Traditional image-to-image translation networks can generate recognizable results, but finer textures are usually lost and blur artifacts commonly exist. In this paper, we propose a two-phase generative model for high-quality hair image synthesis. The two-phase pipeline first generates a coarse image by an existing image translation model, then applies a re-generating network with self-enhancing capability to the coarse image. The self-enhancing capability is achieved by a proposed structure extraction layer, which extracts the texture and orientation map from a hair image. Extensive experiments on two tasks, Sketch2Hair and Hair Super-Resolution, demonstrate that our approach is able to synthesize plausible hair image with finer details, and outperforms the state-of-the-art. 
### 6.FaceLiveNet+: A Holistic Networks For Face Authentication Based On Dynamic Multi-task Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11179.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a holistic multi-task Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) with the dynamic weights of the tasks,namely FaceLiveNet+, for face authentication. FaceLiveNet+ can employ face verification and facial expression recognition as a solution of liveness control simultaneously. Comparing to the single-task learning, the proposed multi-task learning can better capture the feature representation for all of the tasks. The experimental results show the superiority of the multi-task learning to the single-task learning for both the face verification task and facial expression recognition task. Rather using a conventional multi-task learning with fixed weights for the tasks, this work proposes a so called dynamic-weight-unit to automatically learn the weights of the tasks. The experiments have shown the effectiveness of the dynamic weights for training the networks. Finally, the holistic evaluation for face authentication based on the proposed protocol has shown the feasibility to apply the FaceLiveNet+ for face authentication. 
### 7.ROVO: Robust Omnidirectional Visual Odometryfor Wide-baseline Wide-FOV Camera Systems  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11154.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a robust visual odometry system for a wide-baseline camera rig with wide field-of-view (FOV) fisheye lenses, which provides full omnidirectional stereo observations of the environment. For more robust and accurate ego-motion estimation we adds three components to the standard VO pipeline, 1) the hybrid projection model for improved feature matching, 2) multi-view P3P RANSAC algorithm for pose estimation, and 3) online update of rig extrinsic parameters. The hybrid projection model combines the perspective and cylindrical projection to maximize the overlap between views and minimize the image distortion that degrades feature matching performance. The multi-view P3P RANSAC algorithm extends the conventional P3P RANSAC to multi-view images so that all feature matches in all views are considered in the inlier counting for robust pose estimation. Finally the online extrinsic calibration is seamlessly integrated in the backend optimization framework so that the changes in camera poses due to shocks or vibrations can be corrected automatically. The proposed system is extensively evaluated with synthetic datasets with ground-truth and real sequences of highly dynamic environment, and its superior performance is demonstrated. 
### 8.On the generalization of GAN image forensics  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11153.pdf)
>  Recently the GAN generated face images are more and more realistic with high-quality, even hard for human eyes to detect. On the other hand, the forensics community keeps on developing methods to detect these generated fake images and try to guarantee the credibility of visual contents. Although researchers have developed some methods to detect generated images, few of them explore the important problem of generalization ability of forensics model. As new types of GANs are emerging fast, the generalization ability of forensics models to detect new types of GAN images is absolutely an essential research topic. In this paper, we explore this problem and propose to use preprocessed images to train a forensic CNN model. By applying similar image level preprocessing to both real and fake training images, the forensics model is forced to learn more intrinsic features to classify the generated and real face images. Our experimental results also prove the effectiveness of the proposed method. 
### 9.Disentangled Deep Autoencoding Regularization for Robust Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11134.pdf)
>  In spite of achieving revolutionary successes in machine learning, deep convolutional neural networks have been recently found to be vulnerable to adversarial attacks and difficult to generalize to novel test images with reasonably large geometric transformations. Inspired by a recent neuroscience discovery revealing that primate brain employs disentangled shape and appearance representations for object recognition, we propose a general disentangled deep autoencoding regularization framework that can be easily applied to any deep embedding based classification model for improving the robustness of deep neural networks. Our framework effectively learns disentangled appearance code and geometric code for robust image classification, which is the first disentangling based method defending against adversarial attacks and complementary to standard defense methods. Extensive experiments on several benchmark datasets show that, our proposed regularization framework leveraging disentangled embedding significantly outperforms traditional unregularized convolutional neural networks for image classification on robustness against adversarial attacks and generalization to novel test data. 
### 10.Bengali Handwritten Character Classification using Transfer Learning on Deep Convolutional Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11133.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a solution which uses state-of-the-art techniques in Deep Learning to tackle the problem of Bengali Handwritten Character Recognition ( HCR ). Our method uses lesser iterations to train than most other comparable methods. We employ Transfer Learning on ResNet 50, a state-of-the-art deep Convolutional Neural Network Model, pretrained on ImageNet dataset. We also use other techniques like a modified version of One Cycle Policy, varying the input image sizes etc. to ensure that our training occurs fast. We use the BanglaLekha-Isolated Dataset for evaluation of our technique which consists of 84 classes (50 Basic, 10 Numerals and 24 Compound Characters). We are able to achieve 96.12% accuracy in just 47 epochs on BanglaLekha-Isolated dataset. When comparing our method with that of other researchers, considering number of classes and without using Ensemble Learning, the proposed solution achieves state of the art result for Handwritten Bengali Character Recognition. Code and weight files are available at <a href="https://github.com/swagato-c/bangla-hwcr-present">this https URL</a>. 
### 11.Generative Models for Low-Rank Video Representation and Reconstruction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11132.pdf)
>  Finding compact representation of videos is an essential component in almost every problem related to video processing or understanding. In this paper, we propose a generative model to learn compact latent codes that can efficiently represent and reconstruct a video sequence from its missing or under-sampled measurements. We use a generative network that is trained to map a compact code into an image. We first demonstrate that if a video sequence belongs to the range of the pretrained generative network, then we can recover it by estimating the underlying compact latent codes. Then we demonstrate that even if the video sequence does not belong to the range of a pretrained network, we can still recover the true video sequence by jointly updating the latent codes and the weights of the generative network. To avoid overfitting in our model, we regularize the recovery problem by imposing low-rank and similarity constraints on the latent codes of the neighboring frames in the video sequence. We use our methods to recover a variety of videos from compressive measurements at different compression rates. We also demonstrate that we can generate missing frames in a video sequence by interpolating the latent codes of the observed frames in the low-dimensional space. 
### 12.Unsupervised Segmentation Algorithms&#39; Implementation in ITK for Tissue Classification via Human Head MRI Scans  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11131.pdf)
>  Tissue classification is one of the significant tasks in the field of biomedical image analysis. Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is of great importance in tissue classification especially in the areas of brain tissue classification which is able to recognize anatomical areas of interest such as surgical planning, monitoring therapy, clinical drug trials, image registration, stereotactic neurosurgery, radiotherapy etc. The task of this paper is to implement different unsupervised classification algorithms in ITK and perform tissue classification (white matter, gray matter, cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and background of the human brain). For this purpose, 5 grayscale head MRI scans are provided. In order of classifying brain tissues, three algorithms are used. These are: Otsu thresholding, Bayesian classification and Bayesian classification with Gaussian smoothing. The obtained classification results are analyzed in the results and discussion section. 
### 13.FixyNN: Efficient Hardware for Mobile Computer Vision via Transfer Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11128.pdf)
>  The computational demands of computer vision tasks based on state-of-the-art Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) image classification far exceed the energy budgets of mobile devices. This paper proposes FixyNN, which consists of a fixed-weight feature extractor that generates ubiquitous CNN features, and a conventional programmable CNN accelerator which processes a dataset-specific CNN. Image classification models for FixyNN are trained end-to-end via transfer learning, with the common feature extractor representing the transfered part, and the programmable part being learnt on the target dataset. Experimental results demonstrate FixyNN hardware can achieve very high energy efficiencies up to 26.6 TOPS/W ($4.81 \times$ better than iso-area programmable accelerator). Over a suite of six datasets we trained models via transfer learning with an accuracy loss of $&lt;1\%$ resulting in up to 11.2 TOPS/W - nearly $2 \times$ more efficient than a conventional programmable CNN accelerator of the same area. 
### 14.A Generative Map for Image-based Camera Localization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11124.pdf)
>  In image-based camera localization systems, information about the environment is usually stored in some representation, which can be referred to as a map. Conventionally, most map representations are built upon hand-crafted features. Recently, neural networks have attracted attention as a data-driven map representation, and have shown promising results in visual localization. However, these neural network maps are generally unreadable and hard to interpret. A readable map is not only accessible to humans, but also provides a way to be verified when the ground truth pose is unavailable. To tackle this problem, we propose Generative Map, a new framework for learning human-readable neural network maps. Our framework can be used for localization as previous learning maps, and also allows us to inspect the map by querying images from specified viewpoints of interest. We combine a generative model with the Kalman filter, which exploits the sequential structure of the localization problem. This also allows our approach to naturally incorporate additional sensor information and a transition model of the system. For evaluation we use real world images from the 7-Scenes dataset. We show that our approach can be used for localization tasks. For readability, we demonstrate that our Generative Map can be queried with poses from the test sequence to generate images, which closely resemble the true images. 
### 15.Adaptive Masked Weight Imprinting for Few-Shot Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11123.pdf)
>  Deep learning has mainly thrived by training on large-scale datasets. However, for a continual learning agent it is critical to incrementally update its model in a sample efficient manner. Learning semantic segmentation from few labelled samples can be a significant step toward such goal. We propose a novel method that constructs the new class weights from few labelled samples in the support set without back-propagation, while updating the previously learned classes. Inspiring from the work on adaptive correlation filters, an adaptive masked imprinted weights method is designed. It utilizes a masked average pooling layer on the output embeddings and acts as a positive proxy for that class. Our proposed method is evaluated on PASCAL-5i dataset and outperforms the state of the art in the 5-shot semantic segmentation. Unlike previous methods, our proposed approach does not require a second branch to estimate parameters or prototypes, and enables the adaptation of previously learned weights. Our adaptation scheme is evaluated on DAVIS video segmentation benchmark and our proposed incremental version of PASCAL and has shown to outperform the baseline model. 
### 16.Deep Learning in Cardiology  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11122.pdf)
>  The medical field is creating large amount of data that physicians are unable to decipher and use efficiently. Moreover, rule-based expert systems are inefficient in solving complicated medical tasks or for creating insights using big data. Deep learning has emerged as a more accurate and effective technology in a wide range of medical problems such as diagnosis, prediction and intervention. Deep learning is a representation learning method that consists of layers that transform the data non-linearly, thus, revealing hierarchical relationships and structures. In this review we survey deep learning application papers that use structured data, signal and imaging modalities from cardiology. We discuss the advantages and limitations of applying deep learning in cardiology that also apply in medicine in general, while proposing certain directions as the most viable for clinical use. 
### 17.CMR motion artifact correction using generative adversarial nets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11121.pdf)
>  Cardiovascular Magnetic Resonance (CMR) plays an important role in the diagnoses and treatment of cardiovascular diseases while motion artifacts which are formed during the scanning process of CMR seriously affects doctors to find the exact focus. The current correction methods mainly focus on the K-space which is a grid of raw data obtained from the MR signal directly and then transfer to CMR image by inverse Fourier transform. They are neither effective nor efficient and can not be utilized in clinic. In this paper, we propose a novel approach for CMR motion artifact correction using deep learning. Specially, we use deep residual network (ResNet) as net framework and train our model in adversarial manner. Our approach is motivated by the connection between image motion blur and CMR motion artifact, so we can transfer methods from motion-deblur where deep learning has made great progress to CMR motion-correction successfully. To evaluate motion artifact correction methods, we propose a novel algorithm on how edge detection results are improved by deblurred algorithm. Boosted by deep learning and adversarial training algorithm, our model is trainable in an end-to-end manner, can be tested in real-time and achieves the state-of-art results for CMR correction. 
### 18.Image Classification on IoT Edge Devices: Profiling and Modeling  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11119.pdf)
>  With the advent of powerful, low-cost IoT systems, processing data closer to where the data originates, known as edge computing, has become an increasingly viable option. In addition to lowering the cost of networking infrastructures, edge computing reduces edge-cloud delay, which is essential for mission-critical applications. In this paper, we show the feasibility and study the performance of image classification using IoT devices. Specifically, we explore the relationships between various factors of image classification algorithms that may affect energy consumption such as dataset size, image resolution, algorithm type, algorithm phase, and device hardware. Our experiments show a strong, positive linear relationship between three predictor variables, namely model complexity, image resolution, and dataset size, with respect to energy consumption. In addition, in order to provide a means of predicting the energy consumption of an edge device performing image classification, we investigate the usage of three machine learning algorithms using the data generated from our experiments. The performance as well as the trade offs for using linear regression, Gaussian process, and random forests are discussed and validated. Our results indicate that the random forest model outperforms the two former algorithms, with an R-squared value of 0.95 and 0.79 for two different validation datasets. 
### 19.Imaging and Classification Techniques for Seagrass Mapping and Monitoring: A Comprehensive Survey  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11114.pdf)
>  Monitoring underwater habitats is a vital part of observing the condition of the environment. The detection and mapping of underwater vegetation, especially seagrass has drawn the attention of the research community as early as the nineteen eighties. Initially, this monitoring relied on in situ observation by experts. Later, advances in remote-sensing technology, satellite-monitoring techniques and, digital photo- and video-based techniques opened a window to quicker, cheaper, and, potentially, more accurate seagrass-monitoring methods. So far, for seagrass detection and mapping, digital images from airborne cameras, spectral images from satellites, acoustic image data using underwater sonar technology, and digital underwater photo and video images have been used to map the seagrass meadows or monitor their condition. In this article, we have reviewed the recent approaches to seagrass detection and mapping to understand the gaps of the present approaches and determine further research scope to monitor the ocean health more easily. We have identified four classes of approach to seagrass mapping and assessment: still image-, video data-, acoustic image-, and spectral image data-based techniques. We have critically analysed the surveyed approaches and found the research gaps including the need for quick, cheap and effective imaging techniques robust to depth, turbidity, location and weather conditions, fully automated seagrass detectors that can work in real-time, accurate techniques for estimating the seagrass density, and the availability of high computation facilities for processing large scale data. For addressing these gaps, future research should focus on developing cheaper image and video data collection techniques, deep learning based automatic annotation and classification, and real-time percentage-cover calculation. 
### 20.Target-based Hyperspectral Demixing via Generalized Robust PCA  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11111.pdf)
>  Localizing targets of interest in a given hyperspectral (HS) image has applications ranging from remote sensing to surveillance. This task of target detection leverages the fact that each material/object possesses its own characteristic spectral response, depending upon its composition. As $\textit{signatures}$ of different materials are often correlated, matched filtering based approaches may not be appropriate in this case. In this work, we present a technique to localize targets of interest based on their spectral signatures. We also present the corresponding recovery guarantees, leveraging our recent theoretical results. To this end, we model a HS image as a superposition of a low-rank component and a dictionary sparse component, wherein the dictionary consists of the $\textit{a priori}$ known characteristic spectral responses of the target we wish to localize. Finally, we analyze the performance of the proposed approach via experimental validation on real HS data for a classification task, and compare it with related techniques. 
### 21.Semi-Supervised Multitask Learning on Multispectral Satellite Images Using Wasserstein Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) for Predicting Poverty  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11110.pdf)
>  Obtaining reliable data describing local poverty metrics at a granularity that is informative to policy-makers requires expensive and logistically difficult surveys, particularly in the developing world. Not surprisingly, the poverty stricken regions are also the ones which have a high probability of being a war zone, have poor infrastructure and sometimes have governments that do not cooperate with internationally funded development efforts. We train a CNN on free and publicly available daytime satellite images of the African continent from Landsat 7 to build a model for predicting local economic livelihoods. Only 5% of the satellite images can be associated with labels (which are obtained from DHS Surveys) and thus a semi-supervised approach using a GAN (similar to the approach of Salimans, et al. (2016)), albeit with a more stable-to-train flavor of GANs called the Wasserstein GAN regularized with gradient penalty(Gulrajani, et al. (2017)) is used. The method of multitask learning is employed to regularize the network and also create an end-to-end model for the prediction of multiple poverty metrics. 
### 22.Actions Generation from Captions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11109.pdf)
>  Sequence transduction models have been widely explored in many natural language processing tasks. However, the target sequence usually consists of discrete tokens which represent word indices in a given vocabulary. We barely see the case where target sequence is composed of continuous vectors, where each vector is an element of a time series taken successively in a temporal domain. In this work, we introduce a new data set, named Action Generation Data Set (AGDS) which is specifically designed to carry out the task of caption-to-action generation. This data set contains caption-action pairs. The caption is comprised of a sequence of words describing the interactive movement between two people, and the action is a captured sequence of poses representing the movement. This data set is introduced to study the ability of generating continuous sequences through sequence transduction models. We also propose a model to innovatively combine Multi-Head Attention (MHA) and Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) together. In our model, we have one generator to generate actions from captions and three discriminators where each of them is designed to carry out a unique functionality: caption-action consistency discriminator, pose discriminator and pose transition discriminator. This novel design allowed us to achieve plausible generation performance which is demonstrated in the experiments. 
### 23.Artist Style Transfer Via Quadratic Potential  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11108.pdf)
>  In this paper we address the problem of artist style transfer where the painting style of a given artist is applied on a real world photograph. We train our neural networks in adversarial setting via recently introduced quadratic potential divergence for stable learning process. To further improve the quality of generated artist stylized images we also integrate some of the recently introduced deep learning techniques in our method. To our best knowledge this is the first attempt towards artist style transfer via quadratic potential divergence. We provide some stylized image samples in the supplementary material. The source code for experimentation was written in PyTorch and is available online in my GitHub repository. 
### 24.Channel Max Pooling Layer for Fine-Grained Vehicle Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11107.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional networks have recently shown excellent performance on Fine-Grained Vehicle Classification. Based on these existing works, we consider that the back-probation algorithm does not focus on extracting less discriminative feature as much as possible, but focus on that the loss function equals zero. Intuitively, if we can learn less discriminative features, and these features still could fit the training data well, the generalization ability of neural network could be improved. Therefore, we propose a new layer which is placed between fully connected layers and convolutional layers, called as Chanel Max Pooling. The proposed layer groups the features map first and then compress each group into a new feature map by computing maximum of pixels with same positions in the group of feature maps. Meanwhile, the proposed layer has an advantage that it could help neural network reduce massive parameters. Experimental results on two fine-grained vehicle datasets, the Stanford Cars-196 dataset and the Comp Cars dataset, demonstrate that the proposed layer could improve classification accuracies of deep neural networks on fine-grained vehicle classification in the situation that a massive of parameters are reduced. Moreover, it has a competitive performance with the-state-of-art performance on the two datasets. 
### 25.Operational Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11106.pdf)
>  Feed-forward, fully-connected Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs) or the so-called Multi-Layer Perceptrons (MLPs) are well-known universal approximators. However, their learning performance varies significantly depending on the function or the solution space that they attempt to approximate. This is mainly because of their homogenous configuration based solely on the linear neuron model. Therefore, while they learn very well those problems with a monotonous, relatively simple and linearly separable solution space, they may entirely fail to do so when the solution space is highly nonlinear and complex. Sharing the same linear neuron model with two additional constraints (local connections and weight sharing), this is also true for the conventional Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and, it is, therefore, not surprising that in many challenging problems only the deep CNNs with a massive complexity and depth can achieve the required diversity and the learning performance. In order to address this drawback and also to accomplish a more generalized model over the convolutional neurons, this study proposes a novel network model, called Operational Neural Networks (ONNs), which can be heterogeneous and encapsulate neurons with any set of operators to boost diversity and to learn highly complex and multi-modal functions or spaces with minimal network complexity and training data. Finally, a novel training method is formulated to back-propagate the error through the operational layers of ONNs. Experimental results over highly challenging problems demonstrate the superior learning capabilities of ONNs even with few neurons and hidden layers. 
### 26.Predictive Inequity in Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11097.pdf)
>  In this work, we investigate whether state-of-the-art object detection systems have equitable predictive performance on pedestrians with different skin tones. This work is motivated by many recent examples of ML and vision systems displaying higher error rates for certain demographic groups than others. We annotate an existing large scale dataset which contains pedestrians, BDD100K, with Fitzpatrick skin tones in ranges [1-3] or [4-6]. We then provide an in-depth comparative analysis of performance between these two skin tone groupings, finding that neither time of day nor occlusion explain this behavior, suggesting this disparity is not merely the result of pedestrians in the 4-6 range appearing in more difficult scenes for detection. We investigate to what extent time of day, occlusion, and reweighting the supervised loss during training affect this predictive bias. 
### 27.Real-time 3D Shape Instantiation for Partially-deployed Stent Segment from a Single 2D Fluoroscopic Image in Robot-assisted Fenestrated Endovascular Aortic Repair  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11089.pdf)
>  In robot-assisted Fenestrated Endovascular Aortic Repair (FEVAR), accurate alignment of stent graft fenestrations or scallops with aortic branches is essential for establishing complete blood flow perfusion. Current navigation is largely based on 2D fluoroscopic images, which lacks 3D anatomical information, thus causing longer operation time as well as high risks of radiation exposure. Previously, 3D shape instantiation frameworks for real-time 3D shape reconstruction of fully-deployed or fully-compressed stent graft from a single 2D fluoroscopic image have been proposed for 3D navigation in robot-assisted FEVAR. However, these methods could not instantiate partially-deployed stent segments, as the 3D marker references are unknown. In this paper, an adapted Graph Convolutional Network (GCN) is proposed to predict 3D marker references from 3D fully-deployed markers. As original GCN is for classification, in this paper, the coarsening layers are removed and the softmax function at the network end is replaced with linear mapping for the regression task. The derived 3D and the 2D marker references are used to instantiate partially-deployed stent segment shape with the existing 3D shape instantiation framework. Validations were performed on three commonly used stent grafts and five patient-specific 3D printed aortic aneurysm phantoms. Comparable performances with average mesh distance errors of 1$\sim$3mm and average angular errors around 7degree were achieved. 
### 28.Rolling Shutter Camera Synchronization with Sub-millisecond Accuracy  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11084.pdf)
>  A simple method for synchronization of video streams with a precision better than one millisecond is proposed. The method is applicable to any number of rolling shutter cameras and when a few photographic flashes or other abrupt lighting changes are present in the video. The approach exploits the rolling shutter sensor property that every sensor row starts its exposure with a small delay after the onset of the previous row. The cameras may have different frame rates and resolutions, and need not have overlapping fields of view. The method was validated on five minutes of four streams from an ice hockey match. The found transformation maps events visible in all cameras to a reference time with a standard deviation of the temporal error in the range of 0.3 to 0.5 milliseconds. The quality of the synchronization is demonstrated on temporally and spatially overlapping images of a fast moving puck observed in two cameras. 
### 29.Biometric Presentation Attack Detection: Beyond the Visible Spectrum  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11065.pdf)
>  The increased need for unattended authentication in multiple scenarios has motivated a wide deployment of biometric systems in the last few years. This has in turn led to the disclosure of security concerns specifically related to biometric systems. Among them, Presentation Attacks (PAs, i.e., attempts to log into the system with a fake biometric characteristic or presentation attack instrument) pose a severe threat to the security of the system: any person could eventually fabricate or order a gummy finger or face mask to impersonate someone else. The biometrics community has thus made a considerable effort to the development of automatic Presentation Attack Detection (PAD) mechanisms, for instance through the international LivDet competitions. <br />In this context, we present a novel fingerprint PAD scheme based on $i)$ a new capture device able to acquire images within the short wave infrared (SWIR) spectrum, and $ii)$ an in-depth analysis of several state-of-the-art techniques based on both handcrafted and deep learning features. The approach is evaluated on a database comprising over 4700 samples, stemming from 562 different subjects and 35 different presentation attack instrument (PAI) species. The results show the soundness of the proposed approach with a detection equal error rate (D-EER) as low as 1.36\% even in a realistic scenario where five different PAI species are considered only for testing purposes (i.e., unknown attacks). 
### 30.Segmentation of Roots in Soil with U-Net  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11050.pdf)
>  Plant root research can provide a way to attain stress-tolerant crops that produce greater yield in a diverse array of conditions. Phenotyping roots in soil is often challenging due to the roots being difficult to access and the use of time consuming manual methods. Rhizotrons allow visual inspection of root growth through transparent surfaces. Agronomists currently manually label photographs of roots obtained from rhizotrons using a line-intersect method to obtain root length density and rooting depth measurements which are essential for their experiments. We investigate the effectiveness of an automated image segmentation method based on the U-Net Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architecture to enable such measurements. We design a data-set of 50 annotated Chicory (Cichorium intybus L.) root images which we use to train, validate and test the system and compare against a baseline built using the Frangi vesselness filter. We obtain metrics using manual annotations and line-intersect counts. Our results on the held out data show our proposed automated segmentation system to be a viable solution for detecting and quantifying roots. We validate our system using 867 images for which we have obtained line-intersect counts, attaining a Spearman rank correlation of 0.9748 and an $r^2$ of 0.9217. We also achieve an $F_1$ of 0.7 when comparing the automated segmentation to the manual annotations, with our automated segmentation system producing segmentations with higher quality than the manual annotations for large portions of the image. 
### 31.Unsupervised Abnormality Detection through Mixed Structure Regularization (MSR) in Deep Sparse Autoencoders  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11036.pdf)
>  Deep sparse auto-encoders with mixed structure regularization (MSR) in addition to explicit sparsity regularization term and stochastic corruption of the input data with Gaussian noise have the potential to improve unsupervised abnormality detection. Unsupervised abnormality detection based on identifying outliers using deep sparse auto-encoders is a very appealing approach for medical computer aided detection systems as it requires only healthy data for training rather than expert annotated abnormality. <br />In the task of detecting coronary artery disease from Coronary Computed Tomography Angiography (CCTA), our results suggests that the MSR has the potential to improve overall performance by 20-30% compared to deep sparse and denoising auto-encoders. 
### 32.Multilspectral snapshot demosaicing via non-convex matrix completion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11032.pdf)
>  Snapshot mosaic multispectral imagery acquires an undersampled data cube by acquiring a single spectral measurement per spatial pixel. Sensors which acquire $p$ frequencies, therefore, suffer from severe $1/p$ undersampling of the full data cube. We show that the missing entries can be accurately imputed using non-convex techniques from sparse approximation and matrix completion initialised with traditional demosaicing algorithms. In particular, we observe the peak signal-to-noise ratio can typically be improved by 2 to 5 dB over current state-of-the-art methods when simulating a $p=16$ mosaic sensor measuring both high and low altitude urban and rural scenes as well as ground-based scenes. 
### 33.Towards Multi-pose Guided Virtual Try-on Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11026.pdf)
>  Virtual try-on system under arbitrary human poses has huge application potential, yet raises quite a lot of challenges, e.g. self-occlusions, heavy misalignment among diverse poses, and diverse clothes textures. Existing methods aim at fitting new clothes into a person can only transfer clothes on the fixed human pose, but still show unsatisfactory performances which often fail to preserve the identity, lose the texture details, and decrease the diversity of poses. In this paper, we make the first attempt towards multi-pose guided virtual try-on system, which enables transfer clothes on a person image under diverse poses. Given an input person image, a desired clothes image, and a desired pose, the proposed Multi-pose Guided Virtual Try-on Network (MG-VTON) can generate a new person image after fitting the desired clothes into the input image and manipulating human poses. Our MG-VTON is constructed in three stages: 1) a desired human parsing map of the target image is synthesized to match both the desired pose and the desired clothes shape; 2) a deep Warping Generative Adversarial Network (Warp-GAN) warps the desired clothes appearance into the synthesized human parsing map and alleviates the misalignment problem between the input human pose and desired human pose; 3) a refinement render utilizing multi-pose composition masks recovers the texture details of clothes and removes some artifacts. Extensive experiments on well-known datasets and our newly collected largest virtual try-on benchmark demonstrate that our MG-VTON significantly outperforms all state-of-the-art methods both qualitatively and quantitatively with promising multi-pose virtual try-on performances. 
### 34.DPOD: Dense 6D Pose Object Detector in RGB images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11020.pdf)
>  In this work we propose a new method for simultaneous object detection and 6DoF pose estimation. Unlike most recent techniques for CNN-based object detection and pose estimation, we do not base our approach on the common 2D counterparts, i.e. SSD and YOLO, but propose a new scheme. Instead of regressing 2D or 3D bounding boxes, we output full-sized 2D images containing multiclass object masks and dense 2D-3D correspondences. Having them at hand, a 6D pose is computed for each detected object using the PnP algorithm supplemented with RANSAC. This strategy allows for substantially better pose estimates due to a much higher number of relevant pose correspondences. Furthermore, the method is real-time capable, conceptually simple and not bound to any particular detection paradigms, such as R-CNN, SSD or YOLO. We test our method for single- and multiple-object pose estimation and compare the performance with the former state-of-the-art approaches. Moreover, we demonstrate how to use our pipeline when only synthetic renderings are available. In both cases, we outperform the former state-of-the-art by a large margin. 
### 35.MassFace: an efficient implementation using triplet loss for face recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11007.pdf)
>  In this paper we present an efficient implementation using triplet loss for face recognition. We conduct the practical experiment to analyze the factors that influence the training of triplet loss. All models are trained on CASIA-Webface dataset and tested on LFW. We analyze the experiment results and give some insights to help others balance the factors when they apply triplet loss to their own problem especially for face recognition task. Code has been released in <a href="https://github.com/yule-li/MassFace">this https URL</a>. 
### 36.3D High-Resolution Cardiac Segmentation Reconstruction from 2D Views using Conditional Variational Autoencoders  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11000.pdf)
>  Accurate segmentation of heart structures imaged by cardiac MR is key for the quantitative analysis of pathology. High-resolution 3D MR sequences enable whole-heart structural imaging but are time-consuming, expensive to acquire and they often require long breath holds that are not suitable for patients. Consequently, multiplanar breath-hold 2D cine sequences are standard practice but are disadvantaged by lack of whole-heart coverage and low through-plane resolution. To address this, we propose a conditional variational autoencoder architecture able to learn a generative model of 3D high-resolution left ventricular (LV) segmentations which is conditioned on three 2D LV segmentations of one short-axis and two long-axis images. By only employing these three 2D segmentations, our model can efficiently reconstruct the 3D high-resolution LV segmentation of a subject. When evaluated on 400 unseen healthy volunteers, our model yielded an average Dice score of $87.92 \pm 0.15$ and outperformed competing architectures. 
### 37.Salient object detection on hyperspectral images using features learned from unsupervised segmentation task  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10993.pdf)
>  Various saliency detection algorithms from color images have been proposed to mimic eye fixation or attentive object detection response of human observers for the same scenes. However, developments on hyperspectral imaging systems enable us to obtain redundant spectral information of the observed scenes from the reflected light source from objects. A few studies using low-level features on hyperspectral images demonstrated that salient object detection can be achieved. In this work, we proposed a salient object detection model on hyperspectral images by applying manifold ranking (MR) on self-supervised Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) features (high-level features) from unsupervised image segmentation task. Self-supervision of CNN continues until clustering loss or saliency maps converges to a defined error between each iteration. Finally, saliency estimations is done as the saliency map at last iteration when the self-supervision procedure terminates with convergence. Experimental evaluations demonstrated that proposed saliency detection algorithm on hyperspectral images is outperforming state-of-the-arts hyperspectral saliency models including the original MR based saliency model. 
### 38.End-to-End Efficient Representation Learning via Cascading Combinatorial Optimization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10990.pdf)
>  We develop hierarchically quantized efficient embedding representations for similarity-based search and show that this representation provides not only the state of the art performance on the search accuracy but also provides several orders of speed up during inference. The idea is to hierarchically quantize the representation so that the quantization granularity is greatly increased while maintaining the accuracy and keeping the computational complexity low. We also show that the problem of finding the optimal sparse compound hash code respecting the hierarchical structure can be optimized in polynomial time via minimum cost flow in an equivalent flow network. This allows us to train the method end-to-end in a mini-batch stochastic gradient descent setting. Our experiments on Cifar100 and ImageNet datasets show the state of the art search accuracy while providing several orders of magnitude search speedup respectively over exhaustive linear search over the dataset. 
### 39.Extended Gaze Following: Detecting Objects in Videos Beyond the Camera Field of View  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10953.pdf)
>  In this paper we address the problems of detecting objects of interest in a video and of estimating their locations, solely from the gaze directions of people present in the video. Objects can be indistinctly located inside or outside the camera field of view. We refer to this problem as extended gaze following. The contributions of the paper are the followings. First, we propose a novel spatial representation of the gaze directions adopting a top-view perspective. Second, we develop several convolutional encoder/decoder networks to predict object locations and compare them with heuristics and with classical learning-based approaches. Third, in order to train the proposed models, we generate a very large number of synthetic scenarios employing a probabilistic formulation. Finally, our methodology is empirically validated using a publicly available dataset. 
### 40.Context-aware Dynamic Block  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10949.pdf)
>  Although deeper and larger neural networks have achieved better performance nowadays, the complex network structure and increasing computational cost cannot meet the demands of many resource-constrained applications. An effective way to address this problem is to make use of dynamic inference mechanism. Existing methods usually choose to execute or skip an entire specific layer through a switch structure, which can only alter the depth of the network. In this paper, we propose a dynamic inference method called Context-aware Dynamic Block (CDB), which provides more path selection choices in terms of network width and depth during inference. The execution of CDB is determined by a context-aware group controller, which can take into account both historical and object category information. The proposed method can be easily incorporated into most modern network architectures. Experimental results on ImageNet and CIFAR-100 demonstrate the superiority of our method on both efficiency and overall classification quality. To be specific, we integrate CDB block into ResNet-101 and find that our method significantly outperforms their counterparts and saves 45.1% FLOPs. 
### 41.Look, Investigate, and Classify: A Deep Hybrid Attention Method for Breast Cancer Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10946.pdf)
>  One issue with computer based histopathology image analysis is that the size of the raw image is usually very large. Taking the raw image as input to the deep learning model would be computationally expensive while resizing the raw image to low resolution would incur information loss. In this paper, we present a novel deep hybrid attention approach to breast cancer classification. It first adaptively selects a sequence of coarse regions from the raw image by a hard visual attention algorithm, and then for each such region it is able to investigate the abnormal parts based on a soft-attention mechanism. A recurrent network is then built to make decisions to classify the image region and also to predict the location of the image region to be investigated at the next time step. As the region selection process is non-differentiable, we optimize the whole network through a reinforcement approach to learn an optimal policy to classify the regions. Based on this novel Look, Investigate and Classify approach, we only need to process a fraction of the pixels in the raw image resulting in significant saving in computational resources without sacrificing performances. Our approach is evaluated on a public breast cancer histopathology database, where it demonstrates superior performance to the state-of-the-art deep learning approaches, achieving around 96\% classification accuracy while only 15% of raw pixels are used. 
### 42.A security steganography scheme based on hdr image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10943.pdf)
>  It is widely recognized that the image format is crucial to steganography for that each individual format has its unique properities. Nowadays, the most famous approach of digital image steganography is to combine a well-defined distortion function with efficient practical codes such as STC. And numerous researches are concentrated on spatial domain and jpeg domain. However, whether in spatial domain or jpeg domain, high payload (e.g., 0.5 bit per pixel) is not secure enough. In this paper, we propose a novel adaptive steganography scheme based on 32-bit HDR (High dynamic range) format and Norm IEEE 754. Experiments show that the steganographic method can achieve satisfactory security under payload from 0.3bpp to 0.5bpp. 
### 43.High dynamic range image forensics using cnn  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10938.pdf)
>  High dynamic range (HDR) imaging has recently drawn much attention in multimedia community. In this paper, we proposed a HDR image forensics method based on convolutional neural network (CNN).To our best knowledge, this is the first time to apply deep learning method on HDR image forensics. The proposed algorithm uses CNN to distinguish HDR images generated by multiple low dynamic range (LDR) images from that expanded by single LDR image using inverse tone mapping (iTM). To do this, we learn the change of statistical characteristics extracted by the proposed CNN architectures and classify two kinds of HDR images. Comparision results with some traditional statistical characteristics shows efficiency of the proposed method in HDR image source identification. 
### 44.SweepNet: Wide-baseline Omnidirectional Depth Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10904.pdf)
>  Omnidirectional depth sensing has its advantage over the conventional stereo systems since it enables us to recognize the objects of interest in all directions without any blind regions. In this paper, we propose a novel wide-baseline omnidirectional stereo algorithm which computes the dense depth estimate from the fisheye images using a deep convolutional neural network. The capture system consists of multiple cameras mounted on a wide-baseline rig with ultrawide field of view (FOV) lenses, and we present the calibration algorithm for the extrinsic parameters based on the bundle adjustment. Instead of estimating depth maps from multiple sets of rectified images and stitching them, our approach directly generates one dense omnidirectional depth map with full 360-degree coverage at the rig global coordinate system. To this end, the proposed neural network is designed to output the cost volume from the warped images in the sphere sweeping method, and the final depth map is estimated by taking the minimum cost indices of the aggregated cost volume by SGM. For training the deep neural network and testing the entire system, realistic synthetic urban datasets are rendered using Blender. The experiments using the synthetic and real-world datasets show that our algorithm outperforms the conventional depth estimation methods and generate highly accurate depth maps. 
### 45.Bi-Directional Cascade Network for Perceptual Edge Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10903.pdf)
>  Exploiting multi-scale representations is critical to improve edge detection for objects at different scales. To extract edges at dramatically different scales, we propose a Bi-Directional Cascade Network (BDCN) structure, where an individual layer is supervised by labeled edges at its specific scale, rather than directly applying the same supervision to all CNN outputs. Furthermore, to enrich multi-scale representations learned by BDCN, we introduce a Scale Enhancement Module (SEM) which utilizes dilated convolution to generate multi-scale features, instead of using deeper CNNs or explicitly fusing multi-scale edge maps. These new approaches encourage the learning of multi-scale representations in different layers and detect edges that are well delineated by their scales. Learning scale dedicated layers also results in compact network with a fraction of parameters. We evaluate our method on three datasets, i.e., BSDS500, NYUDv2, and Multicue, and achieve ODS Fmeasure of 0.828, 1.3% higher than current state-of-the art on BSDS500. The code has been available at <a href="https://github.com/pkuCactus/BDCN">this https URL</a>. 
### 46.Adversarial Attack and Defense on Point Sets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10899.pdf)
>  Emergence of the utility of 3D point cloud data in critical vision tasks (e.g., ADAS) urges researchers to pay more attention to the robustness of 3D representations and deep networks. To this end, we develop an attack and defense scheme, dedicated to 3D point cloud data, for preventing 3D point clouds from manipulated as well as pursuing noise-tolerable 3D representation. A set of novel 3D point cloud attack operations are proposed via pointwise gradient perturbation and adversarial point attachment / detachment. We then develop a flexible perturbation-measurement scheme for 3D point cloud data to detect potential attack data or noisy sensing data. Extensive experimental results on common point cloud benchmarks demonstrate the validity of the proposed 3D attack and defense framework. 
### 47.Mapping solar array location, size, and capacity using deep learning and overhead imagery  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10895.pdf)
>  The effective integration of distributed solar photovoltaic (PV) arrays into existing power grids will require access to high quality data; the location, power capacity, and energy generation of individual solar PV installations. Unfortunately, existing methods for obtaining this data are limited in their spatial resolution and completeness. We propose a general framework for accurately and cheaply mapping individual PV arrays, and their capacities, over large geographic areas. At the core of this approach is a deep learning algorithm called SolarMapper - which we make publicly available - that can automatically map PV arrays in high resolution overhead imagery. We estimate the performance of SolarMapper on a large dataset of overhead imagery across three US cities in California. We also describe a procedure for deploying SolarMapper to new geographic regions, so that it can be utilized by others. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed deployment procedure by using it to map solar arrays across the entire US state of Connecticut (CT). Using these results, we demonstrate that we achieve highly accurate estimates of total installed PV capacity within each of CT&#39;s 168 municipal regions. 
### 48.Towards Robust ResNet: A Small Step but A Giant Leap  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10887.pdf)
>  This paper presents a simple yet principled approach to boosting the robustness of the residual network (ResNet) that is motivated by the dynamical system perspective. Namely, a deep neural network can be interpreted using a partial differential equation, which naturally inspires us to characterize ResNet by an explicit Euler method. Our analytical studies reveal that the step factor h in the Euler method is able to control the robustness of ResNet in both its training and generalization. Specifically, we prove that a small step factor h can benefit the training robustness for back-propagation; from the view of forward-propagation, a small h can aid in the robustness of the model generalization. A comprehensive empirical evaluation on both vision CIFAR-10 and text AG-NEWS datasets confirms that a small h aids both the training and generalization robustness. 
### 49.Face Recognition Under Varying Blur, Illumination and Expression in an Unconstrained Environment  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10885.pdf)
>  Face recognition system is one of the esteemed research areas in pattern recognition and computer vision as long as its major challenges. A few challenges in recognizing faces are blur, illumination, and varied expressions. Blur is natural while taking photographs using cameras, mobile phones, etc. Blur can be uniform and non-uniform. Usually non-uniform blur happens in images taken using handheld image devices. Distinguishing or handling a blurred image in a face recognition system is generally tough. Under varying lighting conditions, it is challenging to identify the person correctly. Diversified facial expressions such as happiness, sad, surprise, fear, anger changes or deforms the faces from normal images. Identifying faces with facial expressions is also a challenging task, due to the deformation caused by the facial expressions. To solve these issues, a pre-processing step was carried out after which Blur and Illumination-Robust Face recognition (BIRFR) algorithm was performed. The test image and training images with facial expression are transformed to neutral face using Facial expression removal (FER) peration. Every training image is transformed based on the optimal Transformation Spread Function (TSF), and illumination coefficients. Local Binary Pattern (LBP) features extracted from test image and transformed training image is used for classification. 
### 50.PFLD: A Practical Facial Landmark Detector  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10859.pdf)
>  Being accurate, efficient, and compact is essential to a facial landmark detector for practical use. To simultaneously consider the three concerns, this paper investigates a neat model with promising detection accuracy under wild environments e.g., unconstrained pose, expression, lighting, and occlusion conditions) and super real-time speed on a mobile device. More concretely, we customize an end-to-end single stage network associated with acceleration techniques. During the training phase, for each sample, rotation information is estimated for geometrically regularizing landmark localization, which is then NOT involved in the testing phase. A novel loss is designed to, besides considering the geometrical regularization, mitigate the issue of data imbalance by adjusting weights of samples to different states, such as large pose, extreme lighting, and occlusion, in the training set. Extensive experiments are conducted to demonstrate the efficacy of our design and reveal its superior performance over state-of-the-art alternatives on widely-adopted challenging benchmarks, i.e., 300W (including iBUG, LFPW, AFW, HELEN, and XM2VTS) and AFLW. Our model can be merely 2.1Mb of size and reach over 140 fps per face on a mobile phone (Qualcomm ARM 845 processor) with high precision, making it attractive for large-scale or real-time applications. We have made our practical system based on PFLD 0.25X model publicly available at \url{<a href="http://sites.google.com/view/xjguo/fld">this http URL</a>} for encouraging comparisons and improvements from the community. 
### 51.Cascaded Recurrent Neural Networks for Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10858.pdf)
>  By considering the spectral signature as a sequence, recurrent neural networks (RNNs) have been successfully used to learn discriminative features from hyperspectral images (HSIs) recently. However, most of these models only input the whole spectral bands into RNNs directly, which may not fully explore the specific properties of HSIs. In this paper, we propose a cascaded RNN model using gated recurrent units (GRUs) to explore the redundant and complementary information of HSIs. It mainly consists of two RNN layers. The first RNN layer is used to eliminate redundant information between adjacent spectral bands, while the second RNN layer aims to learn the complementary information from non-adjacent spectral bands. To improve the discriminative ability of the learned features, we design two strategies for the proposed model. Besides, considering the rich spatial information contained in HSIs, we further extend the proposed model to its spectral-spatial counterpart by incorporating some convolutional layers. To test the effectiveness of our proposed models, we conduct experiments on two widely used HSIs. The experimental results show that our proposed models can achieve better results than the compared models. 
### 52.Machine-assisted annotation of forensic imagery  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10848.pdf)
>  Image collections, if critical aspects of image content are exposed, can spur research and practical applications in many domains. Supervised machine learning may be the only feasible way to annotate very large collections, but leading approaches rely on large samples of completely and accurately annotated images. In the case of a large forensic collection, we are aiming to annotate, neither the complete annotation nor the large training samples can be feasibly produced. We, therefore, investigate ways to assist manual annotation efforts done by forensic experts. We present a method that can propose both images and areas within an image likely to contain desired classes. Evaluation of the method with human annotators showed highly accurate classification that was strongly helped by transfer learning. The segmentation precision (mAP) was improved by adding a separate class capturing background, but that did not affect the recall (mAR). Further work is needed to both increase the accuracy of segmentation and enhances prediction with additional covariates affecting decomposition. We hope this effort to be of help in other domains that require weak segmentation and have limited availability of qualified annotators. 
### 53.Robust Re-identification of Manta Rays from Natural Markings by Learning Pose Invariant Embeddings  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10847.pdf)
>  Visual identification of individual animals that bear unique natural body markings is an important task in wildlife conservation. The photo databases of animal markings grow larger and each new observation has to be matched against thousands of images. Existing photo-identification solutions have constraints on image quality and appearance of the pattern of interest in the image. These constraints limit the use of photos from citizen scientists. We present a novel system for visual re-identification based on unique natural markings that is robust to occlusions, viewpoint and illumination changes. We adapt methods developed for face re-identification and implement a deep convolutional neural network (CNN) to learn embeddings for images of natural markings. The distance between the learned embedding points provides a dissimilarity measure between the corresponding input images. The network is optimized using the triplet loss function and the online semi-hard triplet mining strategy. The proposed re-identification method is generic and not species specific. We evaluate the proposed system on image databases of manta ray belly patterns and humpback whale flukes. To be of practical value and adopted by marine biologists, a re-identification system needs to have a top-10 accuracy of at least 95%. The proposed system achieves this performance standard. 
### 54.Deep Interpretable Non-Rigid Structure from Motion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10840.pdf)
>  All current non-rigid structure from motion (NRSfM) algorithms are limited with respect to: (i) the number of images, and (ii) the type of shape variability they can handle. This has hampered the practical utility of NRSfM for many applications within vision. In this paper we propose a novel deep neural network to recover camera poses and 3D points solely from an ensemble of 2D image coordinates. The proposed neural network is mathematically interpretable as a multi-layer block sparse dictionary learning problem, and can handle problems of unprecedented scale and shape complexity. Extensive experiments demonstrate the impressive performance of our approach where we exhibit superior precision and robustness against all available state-of-the-art works. The considerable model capacity of our approach affords remarkable generalization to unseen data. We propose a quality measure (based on the network weights) which circumvents the need for 3D ground-truth to ascertain the confidence we have in the reconstruction. Once the network&#39;s weights are estimated (for a non-rigid object) we show how our approach can effectively recover 3D shape from a single image -- outperforming comparable methods that rely on direct 3D supervision. 
### 55.Automated Detection of Pre-Disaster Building Images from Google Street View  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10816.pdf)
>  After a disaster, teams of structural engineers collect vast amounts of images from damaged buildings to obtain lessons and gain knowledge from the event. Images of damaged buildings and components provide valuable evidence to understand the consequences on our structures. However, in many cases, images of damaged buildings are often captured without sufficient spatial context. Also, they may be hard to recognize in cases with severe damage. Incorporating past images showing a pre-disaster condition of such buildings is helpful to accurately evaluate possible circumstances related to a building&#39;s failure. One of the best resources to observe the pre-disaster condition of the buildings is Google Street View. A sequence of 360 panorama images which are captured along streets enables all-around views at each location on the street. Once a user knows the GPS information near the building, all external views of the building can be made available. In this study, we develop an automated technique to extract past building images from 360 panorama images serviced by Google Street View. Users only need to provide a geo-tagged image, collected near the target building, and the rest of the process is fully automated. High-quality and undistorted building images are extracted from past panoramas. Since the panoramas are collected from various locations near the building along the street, the user can identify its pre-disaster conditions from the full set of external views. 
### 56.Generalising Deep Learning MRI Reconstruction across Different Domains  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10815.pdf)
>  We look into robustness of deep learning based MRI reconstruction when tested on unseen contrasts and organs. We then propose to generalise the network by training with large publicly-available natural image datasets with synthesised phase information to achieve high cross-domain reconstruction performance which is competitive with domain-specific training. To explain its generalisation mechanism, we have also analysed patch sets for different training datasets. 
### 57.Graph-RISE: Graph-Regularized Image Semantic Embedding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10814.pdf)
>  Learning image representations to capture fine-grained semantics has been a challenging and important task enabling many applications such as image search and clustering. In this paper, we present Graph-Regularized Image Semantic Embedding (Graph-RISE), a large-scale neural graph learning framework that allows us to train embeddings to discriminate an unprecedented O(40M) ultra-fine-grained semantic labels. Graph-RISE outperforms state-of-the-art image embedding algorithms on several evaluation tasks, including image classification and triplet ranking. We provide case studies to demonstrate that, qualitatively, image retrieval based on Graph-RISE effectively captures semantics and, compared to the state-of-the-art, differentiates nuances at levels that are closer to human-perception. 
### 58.Do ImageNet Classifiers Generalize to ImageNet?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10811.pdf)
>  We build new test sets for the CIFAR-10 and ImageNet datasets. Both benchmarks have been the focus of intense research for almost a decade, raising the danger of overfitting to excessively re-used test sets. By closely following the original dataset creation processes, we test to what extent current classification models generalize to new data. We evaluate a broad range of models and find accuracy drops of 3% - 15% on CIFAR-10 and 11% - 14% on ImageNet. However, accuracy gains on the original test sets translate to larger gains on the new test sets. Our results suggest that the accuracy drops are not caused by adaptivity, but by the models&#39; inability to generalize to slightly &#34;harder&#34; images than those found in the original test sets. 
### 59.Dynamic Deep Multi-modal Fusion for Image Privacy Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10796.pdf)
>  With millions of images that are shared online on social networking sites, effective methods for image privacy prediction are highly needed. In this paper, we propose an approach for fusing object, scene context, and image tags modalities derived from convolutional neural networks for accurately predicting the privacy of images shared online. Specifically, our approach identifies the set of most competent modalities on the fly, according to each new target image whose privacy has to be predicted. The approach considers three stages to predict the privacy of a target image, wherein we first identify the neighborhood images that are visually similar and/or have similar sensitive content as the target image. Then, we estimate the competence of the modalities based on the neighborhood images. Finally, we fuse the decisions of the most competent modalities and predict the privacy label for the target image. Experimental results show that our approach predicts the sensitive (or private) content more accurately than the models trained on individual modalities (object, scene, and tags) and prior privacy prediction works. Also, our approach outperforms strong baselines, that train meta-classifiers to obtain an optimal combination of modalities. 
### 60.Semi-supervised Learning for Quantification of Pulmonary Edema in Chest X-Ray Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10785.pdf)
>  We propose and demonstrate machine learning algorithms to assess the severity of pulmonary edema in chest x-ray images of congestive heart failure patients. Accurate assessment of pulmonary edema in heart failure is critical when making treatment and disposition decisions. Our work is grounded in a large-scale clinical image dataset of over 300,000 x-ray images with associated radiology reports. While edema severity labels can be extracted unambiguously from a small fraction of the radiology reports, accurate annotation is challenging in most cases. To take advantage of the unlabeled images, we develop a generative model that includes an auto-encoder for learning a latent representation from the entire image dataset and a classifier that employs this representation for predicting pulmonary edema severity. We use segmentation to focus the auto-encoder on the lungs, where most of pulmonary edema findings are observed. Our experimental results suggest that modeling the distribution of images and providing anatomical information improve the accuracy of pulmonary edema scoring compared to a strictly supervised approach. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to employ machine learning algorithms to automatically and quantitatively assess the severity of pulmonary edema in chest x-ray images. 
### 61.Nonlinear Markov Random Fields Learned via Backpropagation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10747.pdf)
>  Although convolutional neural networks (CNNs) currently dominate competitions on image segmentation, for neuroimaging analysis tasks, more classical generative approaches based on mixture models are still used in practice to parcellate brains. To bridge the gap between the two, in this paper we propose a marriage between a probabilistic generative model, which has been shown to be robust to variability among magnetic resonance (MR) images acquired via different imaging protocols, and a CNN. The link is in the prior distribution over the unknown tissue classes, which are classically modelled using a Markov random field. In this work we model the interactions among neighbouring pixels by a type of recurrent CNN, which can encode more complex spatial interactions. We validate our proposed model on publicly available MR data, from different centres, and show that it generalises across imaging protocols. This result demonstrates a successful and principled inclusion of a CNN in a generative model, which in turn could be adapted by any probabilistic generative approach for image segmentation. 
### 62.Joint Face Detection and Facial Motion Retargeting for Multiple Faces  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10744.pdf)
>  Facial motion retargeting is an important problem in both computer graphics and vision, which involves capturing the performance of a human face and transferring it to another 3D character. Learning 3D morphable model (3DMM) parameters from 2D face images using convolutional neural networks is common in 2D face alignment, 3D face reconstruction etc. However, existing methods either require an additional face detection step before retargeting or use a cascade of separate networks to perform detection followed by retargeting in a sequence. In this paper, we present a single end-to-end network to jointly predict the bounding box locations and 3DMM parameters for multiple faces. First, we design a novel multitask learning framework that learns a disentangled representation of 3DMM parameters for a single face. Then, we leverage the trained single face model to generate ground truth 3DMM parameters for multiple faces to train another network that performs joint face detection and motion retargeting for images with multiple faces. Experimental results show that our joint detection and retargeting network has high face detection accuracy and is robust to extreme expressions and poses while being faster than state-of-the-art methods. 
### 63.Object-driven Text-to-Image Synthesis via Adversarial Training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10740.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose Object-driven Attentive Generative Adversarial Newtorks (Obj-GANs) that allow object-centered text-to-image synthesis for complex scenes. Following the two-step (layout-image) generation process, a novel object-driven attentive image generator is proposed to synthesize salient objects by paying attention to the most relevant words in the text description and the pre-generated semantic layout. In addition, a new Fast R-CNN based object-wise discriminator is proposed to provide rich object-wise discrimination signals on whether the synthesized object matches the text description and the pre-generated layout. The proposed Obj-GAN significantly outperforms the previous state of the art in various metrics on the large-scale COCO benchmark, increasing the Inception score by 27% and decreasing the FID score by 11%. A thorough comparison between the traditional grid attention and the new object-driven attention is provided through analyzing their mechanisms and visualizing their attention layers, showing insights of how the proposed model generates complex scenes in high quality. 
### 64.A Replication Study: Machine Learning Models Are Capable of Predicting Sexual Orientation From Facial Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10739.pdf)
>  Recent research used machine learning methods to predict a person&#39;s sexual orientation from their photograph (Wang and Kosinski, 2017). To verify this result, two of these models are replicated, one based on a deep neural network (DNN) and one on facial morphology (FM). Using a new dataset of 20,910 photographs from dating websites, the ability to predict sexual orientation is confirmed (DNN accuracy male 68%, female 77%, FM male 62%, female 72%). To investigate whether facial features such as brightness or predominant colours are predictive of sexual orientation, a new model based on highly blurred facial images was created. This model was also able to predict sexual orientation (male 63%, female 72%). The tested models are invariant to intentional changes to a subject&#39;s makeup, eyewear, facial hair and head pose (angle that the photograph is taken at). It is shown that the head pose is not correlated with sexual orientation. While demonstrating that dating profile images carry rich information about sexual orientation these results leave open the question of how much is determined by facial morphology and how much by differences in grooming, presentation and lifestyle. The advent of new technology that is able to detect sexual orientation in this way may have serious implications for the privacy and safety of gay men and women. 
### 65.Shallow Water Bathymetry Mapping from UAV Imagery based on Machine Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10733.pdf)
>  The determination of accurate bathymetric information is a key element for near offshore activities, hydrological studies such as coastal engineering applications, sedimentary processes, hydrographic surveying as well as archaeological mapping and biological research. UAV imagery processed with Structure from Motion (SfM) and Multi View Stereo (MVS) techniques can provide a low-cost alternative to established shallow seabed mapping techniques offering as well the important visual information. Nevertheless, water refraction poses significant challenges on depth determination. Till now, this problem has been addressed through customized image-based refraction correction algorithms or by modifying the collinearity equation. In this paper, in order to overcome the water refraction errors, we employ machine learning tools that are able to learn the systematic underestimation of the estimated depths. In the proposed approach, based on known depth observations from bathymetric LiDAR surveys, an SVR model was developed able to estimate more accurately the real depths of point clouds derived from SfM-MVS procedures. Experimental results over two test sites along with the performed quantitative validation indicated the high potential of the developed approach. 
### 66.Neural Imaging Pipelines - the Scourge or Hope of Forensics?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10707.pdf)
>  Forensic analysis of digital photographs relies on intrinsic statistical traces introduced at the time of their acquisition or subsequent editing. Such traces are often removed by post-processing (e.g., down-sampling and re-compression applied upon distribution in the Web) which inhibits reliable provenance analysis. Increasing adoption of computational methods within digital cameras further complicates the process and renders explicit mathematical modeling infeasible. While this trend challenges forensic analysis even in near-acquisition conditions, it also creates new opportunities. This paper explores end-to-end optimization of the entire image acquisition and distribution workflow to facilitate reliable forensic analysis at the end of the distribution channel, where state-of-the-art forensic techniques fail. We demonstrate that a neural network can be trained to replace the entire photo development pipeline, and jointly optimized for high-fidelity photo rendering and reliable provenance analysis. Such optimized neural imaging pipeline allowed us to increase image manipulation detection accuracy from approx. 45% to over 90%. The network learns to introduce carefully crafted artifacts, akin to digital watermarks, which facilitate subsequent manipulation detection. Analysis of performance trade-offs indicates that most of the gains can be obtained with only minor distortion. The findings encourage further research towards building more reliable imaging pipelines with explicit provenance-guaranteeing properties. 
### 67.A new Backdoor Attack in CNNs by training set corruption without label poisoning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11237.pdf)
>  Backdoor attacks against CNNs represent a new threat against deep learning systems, due to the possibility of corrupting the training set so to induce an incorrect behaviour at test time. To avoid that the trainer recognises the presence of the corrupted samples, the corruption of the training set must be as stealthy as possible. Previous works have focused on the stealthiness of the perturbation injected into the training samples, however they all assume that the labels of the corrupted samples are also poisoned. This greatly reduces the stealthiness of the attack, since samples whose content does not agree with the label can be identified by visual inspection of the training set or by running a pre-classification step. In this paper we present a new backdoor attack without label poisoning Since the attack works by corrupting only samples of the target class, it has the additional advantage that it does not need to identify beforehand the class of the samples to be attacked at test time. Results obtained on the MNIST digits recognition task and the traffic signs classification task show that backdoor attacks without label poisoning are indeed possible, thus raising a new alarm regarding the use of deep learning in security-critical applications. 
### 68.Usage of analytic hierarchy process for steganographic inserts detection in images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11100.pdf)
>  This article presents the method of steganography detection, which is formed by replacing the least significant bit (LSB). Detection is performed by dividing the image into layers and making an analysis of zero-layer of adjacent bits for every bit. First-layer and second-layer are analyzed too. Hierarchies analysis method is used for making decision if current bit is changed. Weighting coefficients as part of the analytic hierarchy process are formed on the values of bits. Then a matrix of corrupted pixels is generated. Visualization of matrix with corrupted pixels allows to determine size, location and presence of the embedded message. Computer experiment was performed. Message was embedded in a bounded rectangular area of the image. This method demonstrated efficiency even at low filling container, less than 10\%. Widespread statistical methods are unable to detect this steganographic insert. The location and size of the embedded message can be determined with an error which is not exceeding to five pixels. 
### 69.GCNv2: Efficient Correspondence Prediction for Real-Time SLAM  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.11046.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a deep learning-based network, GCNv2, for generation of keypoints and descriptors. GCNv2 is built on our previous method, GCN, a network trained for 3D projective geometry. GCNv2 is designed with a binary descriptor vector as the ORB feature so that it can easily replace ORB in systems such as ORB-SLAM. GCNv2 significantly improves the computational efficiency over GCN that was only able to run on desktop hardware. We show how a modified version of ORB-SLAM using GCNv2 features runs on a Jetson TX2, an embdded low-power platform. Experimental results show that GCNv2 retains almost the same accuracy as GCN and that it is robust enough to use for control of a flying drone. 
### 70.PixelSteganalysis: Pixel-wise Hidden Information Removal with Low Visual Degradation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10905.pdf)
>  It is difficult to detect and remove secret images that are hidden in natural images using deep-learning algorithms. Our technique is the first work to effectively disable covert communications and transactions that use deep-learning steganography. We address the problem by exploiting sophisticated pixel distributions and edge areas of images using a deep neural network. Based on the given information, we adaptively remove secret information at the pixel level. We also introduce a new quantitative metric called destruction rate since the decoding method of deep-learning steganography is approximate (lossy), which is different from conventional steganography. We evaluate our technique using three public benchmarks in comparison with conventional steganalysis methods and show that the decoding rate improves by 10 ~ 20%. 
### 71.High Flux Passive Imaging with Single-Photon Sensors  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10190.pdf)
>  Single-photon avalanche diodes (SPADs) are an emerging technology with a unique capability of capturing individual photons with high timing precision. SPADs are being used in several active imaging systems (e.g., fluorescence lifetime microscopy and LiDAR), albeit mostly limited to low photon flux settings. We propose passive free-running SPAD (PF-SPAD) imaging, an imaging modality that uses SPADs for capturing 2D intensity images with unprecedented dynamic range under ambient lighting, without any active light source. Our key observation is that the precise inter-photon timing measured by a SPAD can be used for estimating scene brightness under ambient lighting conditions, even for very bright scenes. We develop a theoretical model for PF-SPAD imaging, and derive a scene brightness estimator based on the average time of darkness between successive photons detected by a PF-SPAD pixel. Our key insight is that due to the stochastic nature of photon arrivals, this estimator does not suffer from a hard saturation limit. Coupled with high sensitivity at low flux, this enables a PF-SPAD pixel to measure a wide range of scene brightness, from very low to very high, thereby achieving extreme dynamic range. We demonstrate an improvement of over 2 orders of magnitude over conventional sensors by imaging scenes spanning a dynamic range of 10^6:1. 
### 72.Cloud-based or On-device: An Empirical Study of Mobile Deep Inference  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1707.04610.pdf)
>  Modern mobile applications are benefiting significantly from the advancement in deep learning, e.g., implementing real-time image recognition and conversational system. Given a trained deep learning model, applications usually need to perform a series of matrix operations based on the input data, in order to infer possible output values. Because of computational complexity and size constraints, these trained models are often hosted in the cloud. To utilize these cloud-based models, mobile apps will have to send input data over the network. While cloud-based deep learning can provide reasonable response time for mobile apps, it restricts the use case scenarios, e.g. mobile apps need to have network access. With mobile specific deep learning optimizations, it is now possible to employ on-device inference. However, because mobile hardware, such as GPU and memory size, can be very limited when compared to its desktop counterpart, it is important to understand the feasibility of this new on-device deep learning inference architecture. In this paper, we empirically evaluate the inference performance of three Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) using a benchmark Android application we developed. Our measurement and analysis suggest that on-device inference can cost up to two orders of magnitude greater response time and energy when compared to cloud-based inference, and that loading model and computing probability are two performance bottlenecks for on-device deep inferences. 
