# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 21 Mar 2019
### 1.Photometric Mesh Optimization for Video-Aligned 3D Object Reconstruction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08642.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of 3D object mesh reconstruction from RGB videos. Our approach combines the best of multi-view geometric and data-driven methods for 3D reconstruction by optimizing object meshes for multi-view photometric consistency while constraining mesh deformations with a shape prior. We pose this as a piecewise image alignment problem for each mesh face projection. Our approach allows us to update shape parameters from the photometric error without any depth or mask information. Moreover, we show how to avoid a degeneracy of zero photometric gradients via rasterizing from a virtual viewpoint. We demonstrate 3D object mesh reconstruction results from both synthetic and real-world videos with our photometric mesh optimization, which is unachievable with either naïve mesh generation networks or traditional pipelines of surface reconstruction without heavy manual post-processing. 
### 2.An Efficient Schmidt-EKF for 3D Visual-Inertial SLAM  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08636.pdf)
>  It holds great implications for practical applications to enable centimeter-accuracy positioning for mobile and wearable sensor systems. In this paper, we propose a novel, high-precision, efficient visual-inertial (VI)-SLAM algorithm, termed Schmidt-EKF VI-SLAM (SEVIS), which optimally fuses IMU measurements and monocular images in a tightly-coupled manner to provide 3D motion tracking with bounded error. In particular, we adapt the Schmidt Kalman filter formulation to selectively include informative features in the state vector while treating them as nuisance parameters (or Schmidt states) once they become matured. This change in modeling allows for significant computational savings by no longer needing to constantly update the Schmidt states (or their covariance), while still allowing the EKF to correctly account for their cross-correlations with the active states. As a result, we achieve linear computational complexity in terms of map size, instead of quadratic as in the standard SLAM systems. In order to fully exploit the map information to bound navigation drifts, we advocate efficient keyframe-aided 2D-to-2D feature matching to find reliable correspondences between current 2D visual measurements and 3D map features. The proposed SEVIS is extensively validated in both simulations and experiments. 
### 3.Plug and play methods for magnetic resonance imaging  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08616.pdf)
>  Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is a non-invasive diagnostic tool that provides excellent soft-tissue contrast without the use of ionizing radiation. But, compared to other clinical imaging modalities (e.g., CT or ultrasound), the data acquisition process for MRI is inherently slow. Furthermore, dynamic applications demand collecting a series of images in quick succession. As a result, reducing acquisition time and improving imaging quality for undersampled datasets have been active areas of research for the last two decades. The combination of parallel imaging and compressive sensing (CS) has been shown to benefit a wide range of MRI applications. More recently, deep learning techniques have been shown to outperform CS methods. Some of these techniques pose the MRI reconstruction as a direct inversion problem and tackle it by training a deep neural network (DNN) to map from the measured Fourier samples and the final image. Considering that the forward model in MRI changes from one dataset to the next, such methods have to be either trained over a large and diverse corpus of data or limited to a specific application, and even then they cannot ensure data consistency. An alternative is to use &#34;plug-and-play&#34; (PnP) algorithms, which iterate image denoising with forward-model based signal recovery. PnP algorithms are an excellent fit for compressive MRI because they decouple image modeling from the forward model, which can change significantly among different scans due to variations in the coil sensitivity maps, sampling patterns, and image resolution. Consequently, with PnP, state-of-the-art image-denoising techniques, such as those based on DNNs, can be directly exploited for compressive MRI image reconstruction. The objective of this article is two-fold: i) to review recent advances in plug-and-play methods, and ii) to discuss their application to compressive MRI image reconstruction. 
### 4.DC-SPP-YOLO: Dense Connection and Spatial Pyramid Pooling Based YOLO for Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08589.pdf)
>  Although YOLOv2 approach is extremely fast on object detection; its backbone network has the low ability on feature extraction and fails to make full use of multi-scale local region features, which restricts the improvement of object detection accuracy. Therefore, this paper proposed a DC-SPP-YOLO (Dense Connection and Spatial Pyramid Pooling Based YOLO) approach for ameliorating the object detection accuracy of YOLOv2. Specifically, the dense connection of convolution layers is employed in the backbone network of YOLOv2 to strengthen the feature extraction and alleviate the vanishing-gradient problem. Moreover, an improved spatial pyramid pooling is introduced to pool and concatenate the multi-scale local region features, so that the network can learn the object features more comprehensively. The DC-SPP-YOLO model is established and trained based on a new loss function composed of mean square error and cross entropy, and the object detection is realized. Experiments demonstrate that the mAP (mean Average Precision) of DC-SPP-YOLO proposed on PASCAL VOC datasets and UA-DETRAC datasets is higher than that of YOLOv2; the object detection accuracy of DC-SPP-YOLO is superior to YOLOv2 by strengthening feature extraction and using the multi-scale local region features. 
### 5.Data Augmentation for Leaf Segmentation and Counting Tasks in Rosette Plants  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08583.pdf)
>  Deep learning techniques involving image processing and data analysis are constantly evolving. Many domains adapt these techniques for object segmentation, instantiation and classification. Recently, agricultural industries adopted those techniques in order to bring automation to farmers around the globe. One analysis procedure required for automatic visual inspection in this domain is leaf count and segmentation. Collecting labeled data from field crops and greenhouses is a complicated task due to the large variety of crops, growth seasons, climate changes, phenotype diversity, and more, especially when specific learning tasks require a large amount of labeled data for training. Data augmentation for training deep neural networks is well established, examples include data synthesis, using generative semi-synthetic models, and applying various kinds of transformations. In this paper we propose a method that preserves the geometric structure of the data objects, thus keeping the physical appearance of the data-set as close as possible to imaged plants in real agricultural scenes. The proposed method provides state of the art results when applied to the standard benchmark in the field, namely, the ongoing Leaf Segmentation Challenge hosted by Computer Vision Problems in Plant Phenotyping. 
### 6.Single Image Deraining: A Comprehensive Benchmark Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08558.pdf)
>  We present a comprehensive study and evaluation of existing single image deraining algorithms, using a new large-scale benchmark consisting of both synthetic and real-world rainy images.This dataset highlights diverse data sources and image contents, and is divided into three subsets (rain streak, rain drop, rain and mist), each serving different training or evaluation purposes. We further provide a rich variety of criteria for dehazing algorithm evaluation, ranging from full-reference metrics, to no-reference metrics, to subjective evaluation and the novel task-driven evaluation. Experiments on the dataset shed light on the comparisons and limitations of state-of-the-art deraining algorithms, and suggest promising future directions. 
### 7.OCGAN: One-class Novelty Detection Using GANs with Constrained Latent Representations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08550.pdf)
>  We present a novel model called OCGAN for the classical problem of one-class novelty detection, where, given a set of examples from a particular class, the goal is to determine if a query example is from the same class. Our solution is based on learning latent representations of in-class examples using a denoising auto-encoder network. The key contribution of our work is our proposal to explicitly constrain the latent space to exclusively represent the given class. In order to accomplish this goal, firstly, we force the latent space to have bounded support by introducing a tanh activation in the encoder&#39;s output layer. Secondly, using a discriminator in the latent space that is trained adversarially, we ensure that encoded representations of in-class examples resemble uniform random samples drawn from the same bounded space. Thirdly, using a second adversarial discriminator in the input space, we ensure all randomly drawn latent samples generate examples that look real. Finally, we introduce a gradient-descent based sampling technique that explores points in the latent space that generate potential out-of-class examples, which are fed back to the network to further train it to generate in-class examples from those points. The effectiveness of the proposed method is measured across four publicly available datasets using two one-class novelty detection protocols where we achieve state-of-the-art results. 
### 8.Learning Convolutional Transforms for Lossy Point Cloud Geometry Compression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08548.pdf)
>  Efficient point cloud compression is fundamental to enable the deployment of virtual and mixed reality applications, since the number of points to code can range in the order of millions. In this paper, we present a novel data-driven geometry compression method for static point clouds based on learned convolutional transforms and uniform quantization. We perform joint optimization of both rate and distortion using a trade-off parameter. In addition, we cast the decoding process as a binary classification of the point cloud occupancy map. Our method outperforms the MPEG reference solution in terms of rate-distortion on the Microsoft Voxelized Upper Bodies dataset with 51.5% BDBR savings on average. Moreover, while octree-based methods face exponential diminution of the number of points at low bitrates, our method still produces high resolution outputs even at low bitrates. 
### 9.Segmentation-Based Deep-Learning Approach for Surface-Defect Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08536.pdf)
>  Automated surface-anomaly detection using machine learning has become an interesting and promising area of research, with a very high and direct impact on the application domain of visual inspection. Deep-learning methods have become the most suitable approaches for this task. They allow the inspection system to learn to detect the surface anomaly by simply showing it a number of exemplar images. This paper presents a segmentation-based deep-learning architecture that is designed for the detection and segmentation of surface anomalies and is demonstrated on a specific domain of surface-crack detection. The design of the architecture enables the model to be trained using a small number of samples, which is an important requirement for practical applications. The proposed model is compared with the related deep-learning methods, including the state-of-the-art commercial software, showing that the proposed approach outperforms the related methods on the domain of a surface-crack detection. The large number of experiments also shed light on the required precision of the annotation, the number of required training samples and on the required computational cost. Experiments are performed on a newly created dataset based on a real-world quality control case and demonstrate that the proposed approach is able to learn on a small number of defected surfaces, using only approximately 25-30 defective training samples, instead of hundreds or thousands, which is usually the case in deep-learning applications. This makes the deep-learning method practical for use in industry where the number of available defective samples is limited. The dataset is also made publicly available to encourage the development and evaluation of new methods for surface-defect detection. 
### 10.Accurate 3D Face Reconstruction with Weakly-Supervised Learning: From Single Image to Image Set  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08527.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning based 3D face reconstruction methods have shown promising results in both quality and efficiency.However, training deep neural networks typically requires a large volume of data, whereas face images with ground-truth 3D face shapes are scarce. In this paper, we propose a novel deep 3D face reconstruction approach that 1) leverages a robust, hybrid loss function for weakly-supervised learning which takes into account both low-level and perception-level information for supervision, and 2) performs multi-image face reconstruction by exploiting complementary information from different images for shape aggregation. Our method is fast, accurate, and robust to occlusion and large pose. We provide comprehensive experiments on three datasets, systematically comparing our method with fifteen recent methods and demonstrating its state-of-the-art performance. 
### 11.Three-dimensional Segmentation of Trees Through a Flexible Multi-Class Graph Cut Algorithm (MCGC)  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08481.pdf)
>  Developing a robust algorithm for automatic individual tree crown (ITC) detection from laser scanning datasets is important for tracking the responses of trees to anthropogenic change. Such approaches allow the size, growth and mortality of individual trees to be measured, enabling forest carbon stocks and dynamics to be tracked and understood. Many algorithms exist for structurally simple forests including coniferous forests and plantations. Finding a robust solution for structurally complex, species-rich tropical forests remains a challenge; existing segmentation algorithms often perform less well than simple area-based approaches when estimating plot-level biomass. Here we describe a Multi-Class Graph Cut (MCGC) approach to tree crown delineation. This uses local three-dimensional geometry and density information, alongside knowledge of crown allometries, to segment individual tree crowns from LiDAR point clouds. Our approach robustly identifies trees in the top and intermediate layers of the canopy, but cannot recognise small trees. From these three-dimensional crowns, we are able to measure individual tree biomass. Comparing these estimates to those from permanent inventory plots, our algorithm is able to produce robust estimates of hectare-scale carbon density, demonstrating the power of ITC approaches in monitoring forests. The flexibility of our method to add additional dimensions of information, such as spectral reflectance, make this approach an obvious avenue for future development and extension to other sources of three-dimensional data, such as structure from motion datasets. 
### 12.Deep Octonion Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08478.pdf)
>  Deep learning is a research hot topic in the field of machine learning. Real-value neural networks (Real NNs), especially deep real networks (DRNs), have been widely used in many research fields. In recent years, the deep complex networks (DCNs) and the deep quaternion networks (DQNs) have attracted more and more attentions. The octonion algebra, which is an extension of complex algebra and quaternion algebra, can provide more efficient and compact expression. This paper constructs a general framework of deep octonion networks (DONs) and provides the main building blocks of DONs such as octonion convolution, octonion batch normalization and octonion weight initialization; DONs are then used in image classification tasks for CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 data sets. Compared with the DRNs, the DCNs, and the DQNs, the proposed DONs have better convergence and higher classification accuracy. The success of DONs is also explained by multi-task learning. 
### 13.In Defense of Pre-trained ImageNet Architectures for Real-time Semantic Segmentation of Road-driving Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08469.pdf)
>  Recent success of semantic segmentation approaches on demanding road driving datasets has spurred interest in many related application fields. Many of these applications involve real-time prediction on mobile platforms such as cars, drones and various kinds of robots. Real-time setup is challenging due to extraordinary computational complexity involved. Many previous works address the challenge with custom lightweight architectures which decrease computational complexity by reducing depth, width and layer capacity with respect to general purpose architectures. We propose an alternative approach which achieves a significantly better performance across a wide range of computing budgets. First, we rely on a light-weight general purpose architecture as the main recognition engine. Then, we leverage light-weight upsampling with lateral connections as the most cost-effective solution to restore the prediction resolution. Finally, we propose to enlarge the receptive field by fusing shared features at multiple resolutions in a novel fashion. Experiments on several road driving datasets show a substantial advantage of the proposed approach, either with ImageNet pre-trained parameters or when we learn from scratch. Our Cityscapes test submission entitled SwiftNetRN-18 delivers 75.5% MIoU and achieves 39.9Hz on 1024x2048 images on GTX1080Ti. 
### 14.On Class Imbalance and Background Filtering in Visual Relationship Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08456.pdf)
>  In this paper we investigate the problems of class imbalance and irrelevant relationships in Visual Relationship Detection (VRD). State-of-the-art deep VRD models still struggle to predict uncommon classes, limiting their applicability. Moreover, many methods are incapable of properly filtering out background relationships while predicting relevant ones. Although these problems are very apparent, they have both been overlooked so far. We analyse why this is the case and propose modifications to both model and training to alleviate the aforementioned issues, as well as suggesting new measures to complement existing ones and give a more holistic picture of the efficacy of a model. 
### 15.Convolution with even-sized kernels and symmetric padding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08385.pdf)
>  Compact convolutional neural networks gain efficiency mainly through depthwise convolutions, expanded channels and complex topologies, which contrarily aggravate the training efforts. In this work, we identify the shift problem occurs in even-sized kernel (2x2, 4x4) convolutions, and eliminate it by proposing symmetric padding on each side of the feature maps (C2sp, C4sp). Symmetric padding enlarges the receptive fields of even-sized kernels with little computational cost. In classification tasks, C2sp outperforms the conventional 3x3 convolution and obtains comparable accuracies to existing compact convolution blocks, but consumes less memory and time during training. In generation tasks, C2sp and C4sp both achieve improved image qualities and stabilized training. Symmetric padding coupled with even-sized convolution is easy to be implemented into deep learning frameworks, providing promising building units for architecture designs that emphasize training efforts on online and continual learning occasions. 
### 16.Regularize, Expand and Compress: Multi-task based Lifelong Learning via NonExpansive AutoML  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08362.pdf)
>  Lifelong learning, the problem of continual learning where tasks arrive in sequence, has been lately attracting more attention in the computer vision community. The aim of lifelong learning is to develop a system that can learn new tasks while maintaining the performance on the previously learned tasks. However, there are two obstacles for lifelong learning of deep neural networks: catastrophic forgetting and capacity limitation. To solve the above issues, inspired by the recent breakthroughs in automatically learning good neural network architectures, we develop a Multi-task based lifelong learning via nonexpansive AutoML framework termed Regularize, Expand and Compress (REC). REC is composed of three stages: 1) continually learns the sequential tasks without the learned tasks&#39; data via a newly proposed multi-task weight consolidation (MWC) algorithm; 2) expands the network to help the lifelong learning with potentially improved model capability and performance by network-transformation based AutoML; 3) compresses the expanded model after learning every new task to maintain model efficiency and performance. The proposed MWC and REC algorithms achieve superior performance over other lifelong learning algorithms on four different datasets. 
### 17.Photon-Flooded Single-Photon 3D Cameras  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08347.pdf)
>  Single photon avalanche diodes (SPADs) are starting to play a pivotal role in the development of photon-efficient, long-range LiDAR systems. However, due to non-linearities in their image formation model, a high photon flux (e.g., due to strong sunlight) leads to distortion of the incident temporal waveform, and potentially, large depth errors. Operating SPADs in low flux regimes can mitigate these distortions, but, often requires attenuating the signal and thus, results in low signal-to-noise ratio. In this paper, we address the following basic question: what is the optimal photon flux that a SPAD-based LiDAR should be operated in? We derive a closed form expression for the optimal flux, which is quasi-depth-invariant, and depends on the ambient light strength. The optimal flux is lower than what a SPAD typically measures in real world scenarios, but surprisingly, considerably higher than what is conventionally suggested for avoiding distortions. We propose a simple, adaptive approach for achieving the optimal flux by attenuating incident flux based on an estimate of ambient light strength. Using extensive simulations and a hardware prototype, we show that the optimal flux criterion holds for several depth estimators, under a wide range of illumination conditions. 
### 18.Characterization of the Handwriting Skills as a Biomarker for Parkinson Disease  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08226.pdf)
>  In this paper we evaluate the suitability of handwriting patterns as potential biomarkers to model Parkinson disease (PD). Although the study of PD is attracting the interest of many researchers around the world, databases to evaluate handwriting patterns are scarce and knowledge about patterns associated to PD is limited and biased to the existing datasets. This paper introduces a database with a total of 935 handwriting tasks collected from 55 PD patients and 94 healthy controls (45 young and 49 old). Three feature sets are extracted from the signals: neuromotor, kinematic, and nonlinear dynamic. Different classifiers are used to discriminate between PD and healthy subjects: support vector machines, knearest neighbors, and a multilayer perceptron. The proposed features and classifiers enable to detect PD with accuracies between 81% and 97%. Additionally, new insights are presented on the utility of the studied features for monitoring and detecting PD. 
### 19.Cross-task weakly supervised learning from instructional videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08225.pdf)
>  In this paper we investigate learning visual models for the steps of ordinary tasks using weak supervision via instructional narrations and an ordered list of steps instead of strong supervision via temporal annotations. At the heart of our approach is the observation that weakly supervised learning may be easier if a model shares components while learning different steps: `pour egg&#39; should be trained jointly with other tasks involving `pour&#39; and `egg&#39;. We formalize this in a component model for recognizing steps and a weakly supervised learning framework that can learn this model under temporal constraints from narration and the list of steps. Past data does not permit systematic studying of sharing and so we also gather a new dataset, CrossTask, aimed at assessing cross-task sharing. Our experiments demonstrate that sharing across tasks improves performance, especially when done at the component level and that our component model can parse previously unseen tasks by virtue of its compositionality. 
### 20.Interactive segmentation of medical images through fully convolutional neural networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08205.pdf)
>  Image segmentation plays an essential role in medicine for both diagnostic and interventional tasks. Segmentation approaches are either manual, semi-automated or fully-automated. Manual segmentation offers full control over the quality of the results, but is tedious, time consuming and prone to operator bias. Fully automated methods require no human effort, but often deliver sub-optimal results without providing users with the means to make corrections. Semi-automated approaches keep users in control of the results by providing means for interaction, but the main challenge is to offer a good trade-off between precision and required interaction. In this paper we present a deep learning (DL) based semi-automated segmentation approach that aims to be a &#34;smart&#34; interactive tool for region of interest delineation in medical images. We demonstrate its use for segmenting multiple organs on computed tomography (CT) of the abdomen. Our approach solves some of the most pressing clinical challenges: (i) it requires only one to a few user clicks to deliver excellent 2D segmentations in a fast and reliable fashion; (ii) it can generalize to previously unseen structures and &#34;corner cases&#34;; (iii) it delivers results that can be corrected quickly in a smart and intuitive way up to an arbitrary degree of precision chosen by the user and (iv) ensures high accuracy. We present our approach and compare it to other techniques and previous work to show the advantages brought by our method. 
### 21.Mask-guided Style Transfer Network for Purifying Real Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08152.pdf)
>  Recently, the progress of learning-by-synthesis has proposed a training model for synthetic images, which can effectively reduce the cost of human and material resources. However, due to the different distribution of synthetic images compared with real images, the desired performance cannot be achieved. To solve this problem, the previous method learned a model to improve the realism of the synthetic images. Different from the previous methods, this paper try to purify real image by extracting discriminative and robust features to convert outdoor real images to indoor synthetic images. In this paper, we first introduce the segmentation masks to construct RGB-mask pairs as inputs, then we design a mask-guided style transfer network to learn style features separately from the attention and bkgd(background) regions and learn content features from full and attention region. Moreover, we propose a novel region-level task-guided loss to restrain the features learnt from style and content. Experiments were performed using mixed studies (qualitative and quantitative) methods to demonstrate the possibility of purifying real images in complex directions. We evaluate the proposed method on various public datasets, including LPW, COCO and MPIIGaze. Experimental results show that the proposed method is effective and achieves the state-of-the-art results. 
### 22.A Polynomial-time Solution for Robust Registration with Extreme Outlier Rates  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08588.pdf)
>  We propose a robust approach for the registration of two sets of 3D points in the presence of a large amount of outliers. Our first contribution is to reformulate the registration problem using a Truncated Least Squares (TLS) cost that makes the estimation insensitive to a large fraction of spurious point-to-point correspondences. The second contribution is a general framework to decouple rotation, translation, and scale estimation, which allows solving in cascade for the three transformations. Since each subproblem (scale, rotation, and translation estimation) is still non-convex and combinatorial in nature, out third contribution is to show that (i) TLS scale and (component-wise) translation estimation can be solved exactly and in polynomial time via an adaptive voting scheme, (ii) TLS rotation estimation can be relaxed to a semidefinite program and the relaxation is tight in practice, even in presence of an extreme amount of outliers. We validate the proposed algorithm, named TEASER (Truncated least squares Estimation And SEmidefinite Relaxation), in standard registration benchmarks showing that the algorithm outperforms RANSAC and robust local optimization techniques, and favorably compares with Branch-and-Bound methods, while being a polynomial-time algorithm. TEASER can tolerate up to 99% outliers and returns highly-accurate solutions. 
### 23.Convolutional Sparse Coding for Compressed Sensing CT Reconstruction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08549.pdf)
>  Over the past few years, dictionary learning (DL)-based methods have been successfully used in various image reconstruction problems. However, traditional DL-based computed tomography (CT) reconstruction methods are patch-based and ignore the consistency of pixels in overlapped patches. In addition, the features learned by these methods always contain shifted versions of the same features. In recent years, convolutional sparse coding (CSC) has been developed to address these problems. In this paper, inspired by several successful applications of CSC in the field of signal processing, we explore the potential of CSC in sparse-view CT reconstruction. By directly working on the whole image, without the necessity of dividing the image into overlapped patches in DL-based methods, the proposed methods can maintain more details and avoid artifacts caused by patch aggregation. With predetermined filters, an alternating scheme is developed to optimize the objective function. Extensive experiments with simulated and real CT data were performed to validate the effectiveness of the proposed methods. Qualitative and quantitative results demonstrate that the proposed methods achieve better performance than several existing state-of-the-art methods. 
### 24.Deep Neural Networks Improve Radiologists&#39; Performance in Breast Cancer Screening  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.08297.pdf)
>  We present a deep convolutional neural network for breast cancer screening exam classification, trained and evaluated on over 200,000 exams (over 1,000,000 images). Our network achieves an AUC of 0.895 in predicting whether there is a cancer in the breast, when tested on the screening population. We attribute the high accuracy of our model to a two-stage training procedure, which allows us to use a very high-capacity patch-level network to learn from pixel-level labels alongside a network learning from macroscopic breast-level labels. To validate our model, we conducted a reader study with 14 readers, each reading 720 screening mammogram exams, and find our model to be as accurate as experienced radiologists when presented with the same data. Finally, we show that a hybrid model, averaging probability of malignancy predicted by a radiologist with a prediction of our neural network, is more accurate than either of the two separately. To better understand our results, we conduct a thorough analysis of our network&#39;s performance on different subpopulations of the screening population, model design, training procedure, errors, and properties of its internal representations. 
