# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 29 Mar 2019
### 1.TensorMask: A Foundation for Dense Object Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.12174.pdf)
>  Sliding-window object detectors that generate bounding-box object predictions over a dense, regular grid have advanced rapidly and proven popular. In contrast, modern instance segmentation approaches are dominated by methods that first detect object bounding boxes, and then crop and segment these regions, as popularized by Mask R-CNN. In this work, we investigate the paradigm of dense sliding-window instance segmentation, which is surprisingly under-explored. Our core observation is that this task is fundamentally different than other dense prediction tasks such as semantic segmentation or bounding-box object detection, as the output at every spatial location is itself a geometric structure with its own spatial dimensions. To formalize this, we treat dense instance segmentation as a prediction task over 4D tensors and present a general framework called TensorMask that explicitly captures this geometry and enables novel operators on 4D tensors. We demonstrate that the tensor view leads to large gains over baselines that ignore this structure, and leads to results comparable to Mask R-CNN. These promising results suggest that TensorMask can serve as a foundation for novel advances in dense mask prediction and a more complete understanding of the task. Code will be made available. 
### 2.Fast video object segmentation with Spatio-Temporal GANs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.12161.pdf)
>  Learning descriptive spatio-temporal object models from data is paramount for the task of semi-supervised video object segmentation. Most existing approaches mainly rely on models that estimate the segmentation mask based on a reference mask at the first frame (aided sometimes by optical flow or the previous mask). These models, however, are prone to fail under rapid appearance changes or occlusions due to their limitations in modelling the temporal component. On the other hand, very recently, other approaches learned long-term features using a convolutional LSTM to leverage the information from all previous video frames. Even though these models achieve better temporal representations, they still have to be fine-tuned for every new video sequence. In this paper, we present an intermediate solution and devise a novel GAN architecture, FaSTGAN, to learn spatio-temporal object models over finite temporal windows. To achieve this, we concentrate all the heavy computational load to the training phase with two critics that enforce spatial and temporal mask consistency over the last K frames. Then at test time, we only use a relatively light regressor, which reduces the inference time considerably. As a result, our approach combines a high resiliency to sudden geometric and photometric object changes with efficiency at test time (no need for fine-tuning nor post-processing). We demonstrate that the accuracy of our method is on par with state-of-the-art techniques on the challenging YouTube-VOS and DAVIS datasets, while running at 32 fps, about 4x faster than the closest competitor. 
### 3.3D Whole Brain Segmentation using Spatially Localized Atlas Network Tiles  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.12152.pdf)
>  Detailed whole brain segmentation is an essential quantitative technique, which provides a non-invasive way of measuring brain regions from a structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Recently, deep convolution neural network (CNN) has been applied to whole brain segmentation. However, restricted by current GPU memory, 2D based methods, downsampling based 3D CNN methods, and patch-based high-resolution 3D CNN methods have been the de facto standard solutions. 3D patch-based high resolution methods typically yield superior performance among CNN approaches on detailed whole brain segmentation (&gt;100 labels), however, whose performance are still commonly inferior compared with multi-atlas segmentation methods (MAS) due to the following challenges: (1) a single network is typically used to learn both spatial and contextual information for the patches, (2) limited manually traced whole brain volumes are available (typically less than 50) for training a network. In this work, we propose the spatially localized atlas network tiles (SLANT) method to distribute multiple independent 3D fully convolutional networks (FCN) for high-resolution whole brain segmentation. To address the first challenge, multiple spatially distributed networks were used in the SLANT method, in which each network learned contextual information for a fixed spatial location. To address the second challenge, auxiliary labels on 5111 initially unlabeled scans were created by multi-atlas segmentation for training. Since the method integrated multiple traditional medical image processing methods with deep learning, we developed a containerized pipeline to deploy the end-to-end solution. From the results, the proposed method achieved superior performance compared with multi-atlas segmentation methods, while reducing the computational time from &gt;30 hours to 15 minutes (<a href="https://github.com/MASILab/SLANTbrainSeg">this https URL</a>). 
### 4.Automatic Defect Segmentation on Leather with Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.12139.pdf)
>  Leather is a natural and durable material created through a process of tanning of hides and skins of animals. The price of the leather is subjective as it is highly sensitive to its quality and surface defects condition. In the literature, there are very few works investigating on the defects detection for leather using automatic image processing techniques. The manual defect inspection process is essential in an leather production industry to control the quality of the finished products. However, it is tedious, as it is labour intensive, time consuming, causes eye fatigue and often prone to human error. In this paper, a fully automatic defect detection and marking system on a calf leather is proposed. The proposed system consists of a piece of leather, LED light, high resolution camera and a robot arm. Succinctly, a machine vision method is presented to identify the position of the defects on the leather using a deep learning architecture. Then, a series of processes are conducted to predict the defect instances, including elicitation of the leather images with a robot arm, train and test the images using a deep learning architecture and determination of the boundary of the defects using mathematical derivation of the geometry. Note that, all the processes do not involve human intervention, except for the defect ground truths construction stage. The proposed algorithm is capable to exhibit 91.5% segmentation accuracy on the train data and 70.35% on the test data. We also report confusion matrix, F1-score, precision and specificity, sensitivity performance metrics to further verify the effectiveness of the proposed approach. 
### 5.Many Task Learning with Task Routing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.12117.pdf)
>  Typical multi-task learning (MTL) methods rely on architectural adjustments and a large trainable parameter set to jointly optimize over several tasks. However, when the number of tasks increases so do the complexity of the architectural adjustments and resource requirements. In this paper, we introduce a method which applies a conditional feature-wise transformation over the convolutional activations that enables a model to successfully perform a large number of tasks. To distinguish from regular MTL, we introduce Many Task Learning (MaTL) as a special case of MTL where more than 20 tasks are performed by a single model. Our method dubbed Task Routing (TR) is encapsulated in a layer we call the Task Routing Layer (TRL), which applied in an MaTL scenario successfully fits hundreds of classification tasks in one model. We evaluate our method on 5 datasets against strong baselines and state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 6.Robust, fast and accurate: a 3-step method for automatic histological image registration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.12063.pdf)
>  We present a 3-step registration pipeline for differently stained histological serial sections that consists of 1) a robust pre-alignment, 2) a parametric registration computed on coarse resolution images, and 3) an accurate nonlinear registration. In all three steps the NGF distance measure is minimized with respect to an increasingly flexible transformation. We apply the method in the ANHIR image registration challenge and evaluate its performance on the training data. The presented method is robust (error reduction in 99.6% of the cases), fast (runtime &lt; 4 seconds) and accurate (median relative target registration error 0.0019). 
### 7.Depth from a polarisation + RGB stereo pair  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.12061.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a hybrid depth imaging system in which a polarisation camera is augmented by a second image from a standard digital camera. For this modest increase in equipment complexity over conventional shape-from-polarisation, we obtain a number of benefits that enable us to overcome longstanding problems with the polarisation shape cue. The stereo cue provides a depth map which, although coarse, is metrically accurate. This is used as a guide surface for disambiguation of the polarisation surface normal estimates using a higher order graphical model. In turn, these are used to estimate diffuse albedo. By extending a previous shape-from-polarisation method to the perspective case, we show how to compute dense, detailed maps of absolute depth, while retaining a linear formulation. We show that our hybrid method is able to recover dense 3D geometry that is superior to state-of-the-art shape-from-polarisation or two view stereo alone. 
### 8.Road User Detection in Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.12049.pdf)
>  Successive frames of a video are highly redundant, and the most popular object detection methods do not take advantage of this fact. Using multiple consecutive frames can improve detection of small objects or difficult examples and can improve speed and detection consistency in a video sequence, for instance by interpolating features between frames. In this work, a novel approach is introduced to perform online video object detection using two consecutive frames of video sequences involving road users. Two new models, RetinaNet-Double and RetinaNet-Flow, are proposed, based respectively on the concatenation of a target frame with a preceding frame, and the concatenation of the optical flow with the target frame. The models are trained and evaluated on three public datasets. Experiments show that using a preceding frame improves performance over single frame detectors, but using explicit optical flow usually does not. 
### 9.Describing like humans: on diversity in image captioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.12020.pdf)
>  Recently, the state-of-the-art models for image captioning have overtaken human performance based on the most popular metrics, such as BLEU, METEOR, ROUGE, and CIDEr. Does this mean we have solved the task of image captioning? The above metrics only measure the similarity of the generated caption to the human annotations, which reflects its accuracy. However, an image contains many concepts and multiple levels of detail, and thus there is a variety of captions that express different concepts and details that might be interesting for different humans. Therefore only evaluating accuracy is not sufficient for measuring the performance of captioning models --- the diversity of the generated captions should also be considered. In this paper, we proposed a new metric for measuring the diversity of image captions, which is derived from latent semantic analysis and kernelized to use CIDEr similarity. We conduct extensive experiments to re-evaluate recent captioning models in the context of both diversity and accuracy. We find that there is still a large gap between the model and human performance in terms of both accuracy and diversity and the models that have optimized accuracy (CIDEr) have low diversity. We also show that balancing the cross-entropy loss and CIDEr reward in reinforcement learning during training can effectively control the tradeoff between diversity and accuracy of the generated captions. 
### 10.High Fidelity Face Manipulation with Extreme Pose and Expression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.12003.pdf)
>  Face manipulation has shown remarkable advances with the flourish of Generative Adversarial Networks. However, due to the difficulties of controlling the structure and texture in high-resolution, it is challenging to simultaneously model pose and expression during manipulation. In this paper, we propose a novel framework that simplifies face manipulation with extreme pose and expression into two correlated stages: a boundary prediction stage and a disentangled face synthesis stage. In the first stage, we propose to use a boundary image for joint pose and expression modeling. An encoder-decoder network is employed to predict the boundary image of the target face in a semi-supervised way. Pose and expression estimators are used to improve the prediction accuracy. In the second stage, the predicted boundary image and the original face are encoded into the structure and texture latent space by two encoder networks respectively. A proxy network and a feature threshold loss are further imposed as constraints to disentangle the latent space. In addition, we build up a new high quality Multi-View Face (MVF-HQ) database that contains 120K high-resolution face images of 479 identities with pose and expression variations, which will be released soon. Qualitative and quantitative experiments on four databases show that our method pushes forward the advance of extreme face manipulation from 128 $\times$ 128 resolution to 1024 $\times$ 1024 resolution, and significantly improves the face recognition performance under large poses. 
### 11.AED-Net: An Abnormal Event Detection Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.11891.pdf)
>  It is challenging to detect the anomaly in crowded scenes for quite a long time. In this paper, a self-supervised framework, abnormal event detection network (AED-Net), which is composed of PCAnet and kernel principal component analysis (kPCA), is proposed to address this problem. Using surveillance video sequences of different scenes as raw data, PCAnet is trained to extract high-level semantics of crowd&#39;s situation. Next, kPCA,a one-class classifier, is trained to determine anomaly of the scene. In contrast to some prevailing deep learning methods,the framework is completely self-supervised because it utilizes only video sequences in a normal situation. Experiments of global and local abnormal event detection are carried out on UMN and UCSD datasets, and competitive results with higher EER and AUC compared to other state-of-the-art methods are observed. Furthermore, by adding local response normalization (LRN) layer, we propose an improvement to original AED-Net. And it is proved to perform better by promoting the framework&#39;s generalization capacity according to the experiments. 
### 12.Smooth Adversarial Examples  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.11862.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the visual quality of the adversarial examples. Recent papers propose to smooth the perturbations to get rid of high frequency artefacts. In this work, smoothing has a different meaning as it perceptually shapes the perturbation according to the visual content of the image to be attacked. The perturbation becomes locally smooth on the flat areas of the input image, but it may be noisy on its textured areas and sharp across its edges. <br />This operation relies on Laplacian smoothing, well-known in graph signal processing, which we integrate in the attack pipeline. We benchmark several attacks with and without smoothing under a white-box scenario and evaluate their transferability. Despite the additional constraint of smoothness, our attack has the same probability of success at lower distortion. 
### 13.Feature Intertwiner for Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.11851.pdf)
>  A well-trained model should classify objects with a unanimous score for every category. This requires the high-level semantic features should be as much alike as possible among samples. To achive this, previous works focus on re-designing the loss or proposing new regularization constraints. In this paper, we provide a new perspective. For each category, it is assumed that there are two feature sets: one with reliable information and the other with less reliable source. We argue that the reliable set could guide the feature learning of the less reliable set during training - in spirit of student mimicking teacher behavior and thus pushing towards a more compact class centroid in the feature space. Such a scheme also benefits the reliable set since samples become closer within the same category - implying that it is easier for the classifier to identify. We refer to this mutual learning process as feature intertwiner and embed it into object detection. It is well-known that objects of low resolution are more difficult to detect due to the loss of detailed information during network forward pass (e.g., RoI operation). We thus regard objects of high resolution as the reliable set and objects of low resolution as the less reliable set. Specifically, an intertwiner is designed to minimize the distribution divergence between two sets. The choice of generating an effective feature representation for the reliable set is further investigated, where we introduce the optimal transport (OT) theory into the framework. Samples in the less reliable set are better aligned with aid of OT metric. Incorporated with such a plug-and-play intertwiner, we achieve an evident improvement over previous state-of-the-arts. 
### 14.Feature Fusion Encoder Decoder Network For Automatic Liver Lesion Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.11834.pdf)
>  Liver lesion segmentation is a difficult yet critical task for medical image analysis. Recently, deep learning based image segmentation methods have achieved promising performance, which can be divided into three categories: 2D, 2.5D and 3D, based on the dimensionality of the models. However, 2.5D and 3D methods can have very high complexity and 2D methods may not perform satisfactorily. To obtain competitive performance with low complexity, in this paper, we propose a Feature-fusion Encoder-Decoder Network (FED-Net) based 2D segmentation model to tackle the challenging problem of liver lesion segmentation from CT images. Our feature fusion method is based on the attention mechanism, which fuses high-level features carrying semantic information with low-level features having image details. Additionally, to compensate for the information loss during the upsampling process, a dense upsampling convolution and a residual convolutional structure are proposed. We tested our method on the dataset of MICCAI 2017 Liver Tumor Segmentation (LiTS) Challenge and achieved competitive results compared with other state-of-the-art methods. 
### 15.FastFCN: Rethinking Dilated Convolution in the Backbone for Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.11816.pdf)
>  Modern approaches for semantic segmentation usually employ dilated convolutions in the backbone to extract high-resolution feature maps, which brings heavy computation complexity and memory footprint. To replace the time and memory consuming dilated convolutions, we propose a novel joint upsampling module named Joint Pyramid Upsampling (JPU) by formulating the task of extracting high-resolution feature maps into a joint upsampling problem. With the proposed JPU, our method reduces the computation complexity by more than three times without performance loss. Experiments show that JPU is superior to other upsampling modules, which can be plugged into many existing approaches to reduce computation complexity and improve performance. By replacing dilated convolutions with the proposed JPU module, our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance in Pascal Context dataset (mIoU of 53.13%) and ADE20K dataset (final score of 0.5584) while running 3 times faster. 
### 16.Pyramid Mask Text Detector  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.11800.pdf)
>  Scene text detection, an essential step of scene text recognition system, is to locate text instances in natural scene images automatically. Some recent attempts benefiting from Mask R-CNN formulate scene text detection task as an instance segmentation problem and achieve remarkable performance. In this paper, we present a new Mask R-CNN based framework named Pyramid Mask Text Detector (PMTD) to handle the scene text detection. Instead of binary text mask generated by the existing Mask R-CNN based methods, our PMTD performs pixel-level regression under the guidance of location-aware supervision, yielding a more informative soft text mask for each text instance. As for the generation of text boxes, PMTD reinterprets the obtained 2D soft mask into 3D space and introduces a novel plane clustering algorithm to derive the optimal text box on the basis of 3D shape. Experiments on standard datasets demonstrate that the proposed PMTD brings consistent and noticeable gain and clearly outperforms state-of-the-art methods. Specifically, it achieves an F-measure of 80.13% on ICDAR 2017 MLT dataset. 
### 17.A Fast Free-viewpoint Video Synthesis Algorithm for Sports Scenes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.11785.pdf)
>  In this paper, we report on a parallel freeviewpoint video synthesis algorithm that can efficiently reconstruct a high-quality 3D scene representation of sports scenes. The proposed method focuses on a scene that is captured by multiple synchronized cameras featuring wide-baselines. The following strategies are introduced to accelerate the production of a free-viewpoint video taking the improvement of visual quality into account: (1) a sparse point cloud is reconstructed using a volumetric visual hull approach, and an exact 3D ROI is found for each object using an efficient connected components labeling algorithm. Next, the reconstruction of a dense point cloud is accelerated by implementing visual hull only in the ROIs; (2) an accurate polyhedral surface mesh is built by estimating the exact intersections between grid cells and the visual hull; (3) the appearance of the reconstructed presentation is reproduced in a view-dependent manner that respectively renders the non-occluded and occluded region with the nearest camera and its neighboring cameras. The production for volleyball and judo sequences demonstrates the effectiveness of our method in terms of both execution time and visual quality. 
### 18.BubbleNets: Learning to Select the Guidance Frame in Video Object Segmentation by Deep Sorting Frames  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.11779.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised video object segmentation has made significant progress on real and challenging videos in recent years. The current paradigm for segmentation methods and benchmark datasets is to segment objects in video provided a single annotation in the first frame. However, we find that segmentation performance across the entire video varies dramatically when selecting an alternative frame for annotation. This paper address the problem of learning to suggest the single best frame across the video for user annotation---this is, in fact, never the first frame of video. We achieve this by introducing BubbleNets, a novel deep sorting network that learns to select frames using a performance-based loss function that enables the conversion of expansive amounts of training examples from already existing datasets. Using BubbleNets, we are able to achieve an 11% relative improvement in segmentation performance on the DAVIS benchmark without any changes to the underlying method of segmentation. 
### 19.ThunderNet: Towards Real-time Generic Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.11752.pdf)
>  Real-time generic object detection on mobile platforms is a crucial but challenging computer vision task. However, previous CNN-based detectors suffer from enormous computational cost, which hinders them from real-time inference in computation-constrained scenarios. In this paper, we investigate the effectiveness of two-stage detectors in real-time generic detection and propose a lightweight two-stage detector named ThunderNet. In the backbone part, we analyze the drawbacks in previous lightweight backbones and present a lightweight backbone designed for object detection. In the detection part, we exploit an extremely efficient RPN and detection head design. To generate more discriminative feature representation, we design two efficient architecture blocks, Context Enhancement Module and Spatial Attention Module. At last, we investigate the balance between the input resolution, the backbone, and the detection head. Compared with lightweight one-stage detectors, ThunderNet achieves superior performance with only 40% of the computational cost on PASCAL VOC and COCO benchmarks. Without bells and whistles, our model runs at 24.1 fps on an ARM-based device. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first real-time detector reported on ARM platforms. Code will be released for paper reproduction. 
### 20.InfoMask: Masked Variational Latent Representation to Localize Chest Disease  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.11741.pdf)
>  The scarcity of richly annotated medical images is limiting supervised deep learning based solutions to medical image analysis tasks, such as localizing discriminatory radiomic disease signatures. Therefore, it is desirable to leverage unsupervised and weakly supervised models. Most recent weakly supervised localization methods apply attention maps or region proposals in a multiple instance learning formulation. While attention maps can be noisy, leading to erroneously highlighted regions, it is not simple to decide on an optimal window/bag size for multiple instance learning approaches. In this paper, we propose a learned spatial masking mechanism to filter out irrelevant background signals from attention maps. The proposed method minimizes mutual information between a masked variational representation and the input while maximizing the information between the masked representation and class labels. This results in more accurate localization of discriminatory regions. We tested the proposed model on the ChestX-ray8 dataset to localize pneumonia from chest X-ray images without using any pixel-level or bounding-box annotations. 
### 21.Network Slimming by Slimmable Networks: Towards One-Shot Architecture Search for Channel Numbers  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.11728.pdf)
>  We study how to set channel numbers in a neural network to achieve better accuracy under constrained resources (e.g., FLOPs, latency, memory footprint or model size). A simple and one-shot solution, named AutoSlim, is presented. Instead of training many network samples and searching with reinforcement learning, we train a single slimmable network to approximate the network accuracy of different channel configurations. We then iteratively evaluate the trained slimmable model and greedily slim the layer with minimal accuracy drop. By this single pass, we can obtain the optimized channel configurations under different resource constraints. We present experiments with MobileNet v1, MobileNet v2, ResNet-50 and RL-searched MNasNet on ImageNet classification. We show significant improvements over their default channel configurations. We also achieve better accuracy than recent channel pruning methods and neural architecture search methods. <br />Notably, by setting optimized channel numbers, our AutoSlim-MobileNet-v2 at 305M FLOPs achieves 74.2% top-1 accuracy, 2.4% better than default MobileNet-v2 (301M FLOPs), and even 0.2% better than RL-searched MNasNet (317M FLOPs). Our AutoSlim-ResNet-50 at 570M FLOPs, without depthwise convolutions, achieves 1.3% better accuracy than MobileNet-v1 (569M FLOPs). Code and models will be available at: <a href="https://github.com/JiahuiYu/slimmable_networks">this https URL</a> 
### 22.Zero-shot Image Recognition Using Relational Matching, Adaptation and Calibration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.11701.pdf)
>  Zero-shot learning (ZSL) for image classification focuses on recognizing novel categories that have no labeled data available for training. The learning is generally carried out with the help of mid-level semantic descriptors associated with each class. This semantic-descriptor space is generally shared by both seen and unseen categories. However, ZSL suffers from hubness, domain discrepancy and biased-ness towards seen classes. To tackle these problems, we propose a three-step approach to zero-shot learning. Firstly, a mapping is learned from the semantic-descriptor space to the image-feature space. This mapping learns to minimize both one-to-one and pairwise distances between semantic embeddings and the image features of the corresponding classes. Secondly, we propose test-time domain adaptation to adapt the semantic embedding of the unseen classes to the test data. This is achieved by finding correspondences between the semantic descriptors and the image features. Thirdly, we propose scaled calibration on the classification scores of the seen classes. This is necessary because the ZSL model is biased towards seen classes as the unseen classes are not used in the training. Finally, to validate the proposed three-step approach, we performed experiments on four benchmark datasets where the proposed method outperformed previous results. We also studied and analyzed the performance of each component of our proposed ZSL framework. 
### 23.Align2Ground: Weakly Supervised Phrase Grounding Guided by Image-Caption Alignment  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.11649.pdf)
>  We address the problem of grounding free-form textual phrases by using weak supervision from image-caption pairs. We propose a novel end-to-end model that uses caption-to-image retrieval as a `downstream&#39; task to guide the process of phrase localization. Our method, as a first step, infers the latent correspondences between regions-of-interest (RoIs) and phrases in the caption and creates a discriminative image representation using these matched RoIs. In a subsequent step, this (learned) representation is aligned with the caption. Our key contribution lies in building this `caption-conditioned&#39; image encoding which tightly couples both the tasks and allows the weak supervision to effectively guide visual grounding. We provide an extensive empirical and qualitative analysis to investigate the different components of our proposed model and compare it with competitive baselines. For phrase localization, we report an improvement of 4.9% (absolute) over the prior state-of-the-art on the VisualGenome dataset. We also report results that are at par with the state-of-the-art on the downstream caption-to-image retrieval task on COCO and Flickr30k datasets. 
### 24.Laplace Landmark Localization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.11633.pdf)
>  Landmark localization in images and videos is a classic problem solved in various ways. Nowadays, with deep networks prevailing throughout machine learning, there are revamped interests in pushing facial landmark detection technologies to handle more challenging data. Most efforts use network objectives based on L1 or L2 norms, which have several disadvantages. First of all, the locations of landmarks are determined from generated heatmaps (i.e., confidence maps) from which predicted landmark locations (i.e., the means) get penalized without accounting for the spread: a high scatter corresponds to low confidence and vice-versa. For this, we introduce a LaplaceKL objective that penalizes for a low confidence. Another issue is a dependency on labeled data, which are expensive to obtain and susceptible to error. To address both issues we propose an adversarial training framework that leverages unlabeled data to improve model performance. Our method claims state-of-the-art on all of the 300W benchmarks and ranks second-to-best on the Annotated Facial Landmarks in the Wild (AFLW) dataset. Furthermore, our model is robust with a reduced size: 1/8 the number of channels (i.e., 0.0398MB) is comparable to state-of-that-art in real-time on CPU. Thus, we show that our method is of high practical value to real-life application. 
### 25.Improving MAE against CCE under Label Noise  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.12141.pdf)
>  Label noise is inherent in many deep learning tasks when the training set becomes large. A typical approach to tackle noisy labels is using robust loss functions. Categorical cross entropy (CCE) is a successful loss function in many applications. However, CCE is also notorious for fitting samples with corrupted labels easily. In contrast, mean absolute error (MAE) is noise-tolerant theoretically, but it generally works much worse than CCE in practice. In this work, we have three main points. First, to explain why MAE generally performs much worse than CCE, we introduce a new understanding of them fundamentally by exposing their intrinsic sample weighting schemes from the perspective of every sample&#39;s gradient magnitude with respect to logit vector. Consequently, we find that MAE&#39;s differentiation degree over training examples is too small so that informative ones cannot contribute enough against the non-informative during training. Therefore, MAE generally underfits training data when noise rate is high. Second, based on our finding, we propose an improved MAE (IMAE), which inherits MAE&#39;s good noise-robustness. Moreover, the differentiation degree over training data points is controllable so that IMAE addresses the underfitting problem of MAE. Third, the effectiveness of IMAE against CCE and MAE is evaluated empirically with extensive experiments, which focus on image classification under synthetic corrupted labels and video retrieval under real noisy labels. 
### 26.GANs-NQM: A Generative Adversarial Networks based No Reference Quality Assessment Metric for RGB-D Synthesized Views  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.12088.pdf)
>  In this paper, we proposed a no-reference (NR) quality metric for RGB plus image-depth (RGB-D) synthesis images based on Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), namely GANs-NQM. Due to the failure of the inpainting on dis-occluded regions in RGB-D synthesis process, to capture the non-uniformly distributed local distortions and to learn their impact on perceptual quality are challenging tasks for objective quality metrics. In our study, based on the characteristics of GANs, we proposed i) a novel training strategy of GANs for RGB-D synthesis images using existing large-scale computer vision datasets rather than RGB-D dataset; ii) a referenceless quality metric based on the trained discriminator by learning a `Bag of Distortion Word&#39; (BDW) codebook and a local distortion regions selector; iii) a hole filling inpainter, i.e., the generator of the trained GANs, for RGB-D dis-occluded regions as a side outcome. According to the experimental results on IRCCyN/IVC DIBR database, the proposed model outperforms the state-of-the-art quality metrics, in addition, is more applicable in real scenarios. The corresponding context inpainter also shows appealing results over other inpainting algorithms. 
### 27.Model Vulnerability to Distributional Shifts over Image Transformation Sets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.11900.pdf)
>  We are concerned with the vulnerability of computer vision models to distributional shifts. We cast this problem in terms of combinatorial optimization, evaluating the regions in the input space where a (black-box) model is more vulnerable. This is carried out by combining image transformations from a given set and standard search algorithms. We embed this idea in a training procedure, where we define new data augmentation rules over iterations, accordingly to the image transformations that the current model is most vulnerable to. An empirical evaluation on classification and semantic segmentation problems suggests that the devised algorithm allows to train models more robust against content-preserving image transformations, and in general, against distributional shifts. 
### 28.Outlier-Robust Spatial Perception: Hardness, General-Purpose Algorithms, and Guarantees  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.11683.pdf)
>  Spatial perception is the backbone of many robotics applications, and spans a broad range of research problems, including localization and mapping, point cloud alignment, and relative pose estimation from camera images. Robust spatial perception is jeopardized by the presence of incorrect data association, and in general, outliers. Although techniques to handle outliers do exist, they can fail in unpredictable manners (e.g., RANSAC, robust estimators), or can have exponential runtime (e.g., branch-and-bound). In this paper, we advance the state of the art in outlier rejection by making three contributions. First, we show that even a simple linear instance of outlier rejection is inapproximable: in the worst-case one cannot design a quasi-polynomial time algorithm that computes an approximate solution efficiently. Our second contribution is to provide the first per-instance sub-optimality bounds to assess the approximation quality of a given outlier rejection outcome. Our third contribution is to propose a simple general-purpose algorithm, named adaptive trimming, to remove outliers. Our algorithm leverages recently-proposed global solvers that are able to solve outlier-free problems, and iteratively removes measurements with large errors. We demonstrate the proposed algorithm on three spatial perception problems: 3D registration, two-view geometry, and SLAM. The results show that our algorithm outperforms several state-of-the-art methods across applications while being a general-purpose method. 
### 29.What does AI see? Deep segmentation networks discover biomarkers for lung cancer survival  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.11593.pdf)
>  Non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) represents approximately 80-85% of lung cancer diagnoses and is the leading cause of cancer-related death worldwide. Recent studies indicate that image-based radiomics features from positron emission tomography-computed tomography (PET/CT) images have predictive power on NSCLC outcomes. To this end, easily calculated functional features such as the maximum and the mean of standard uptake value (SUV) and total lesion glycolysis (TLG) are most commonly used for NSCLC prognostication, but their prognostic value remains controversial. Meanwhile, convolutional neural networks (CNN) are rapidly emerging as a new premise for cancer image analysis, with significantly enhanced predictive power compared to other hand-crafted radiomics features. Here we show that CNN trained to perform the tumor segmentation task, with no other information than physician contours, identify a rich set of survival-related image features with remarkable prognostic value. In a retrospective study on 96 NSCLC patients before stereotactic-body radiotherapy (SBRT), we found that the CNN segmentation algorithm (U-Net) trained for tumor segmentation in PET/CT images, contained features having strong correlation with 2- and 5-year overall and disease-specific survivals. The U-net algorithm has not seen any other clinical information (e.g. survival, age, smoking history) than the images and the corresponding tumor contours provided by physicians. Furthermore, through visualization of the U-Net, we also found convincing evidence that the regions of progression appear to match with the regions where the U-Net features identified patterns that predicted higher likelihood of death. We anticipate our findings will be a starting point for more sophisticated non-intrusive patient specific cancer prognosis determination. 
### 30.Scaling up the randomized gradient-free adversarial attack reveals overestimation of robustness using established attacks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.11359.pdf)
>  Modern neural networks are highly non-robust against adversarial manipulation. A significant amount of work has been invested in techniques to compute lower bounds on robustness through formal guarantees and to build provably robust model. However it is still difficult to apply them to larger networks or in order to get robustness against larger perturbations. Thus attack strategies are needed to provide tight upper bounds on the actual robustness. We significantly improve the randomized gradient-free attack for ReLU networks [9], in particular by scaling it up to large networks. We show that our attack achieves similar or significantly smaller robust accuracy than state-of-the-art attacks like PGD or the one of Carlini and Wagner, thus revealing an overestimation of the robustness by these state-of-the-art methods. Our attack is not based on a gradient descent scheme and in this sense gradient-free, which makes it less sensitive to the choice of hyperparameters as no careful selection of the stepsize is required. 
