# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 15 Mar 2019
### 1.Looking for the Devil in the Details: Learning Trilinear Attention Sampling Network for Fine-grained Image Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06150.pdf)
>  Learning subtle yet discriminative features (e.g., beak and eyes for a bird) plays a significant role in fine-grained image recognition. Existing attention-based approaches localize and amplify significant parts to learn fine-grained details, which often suffer from a limited number of parts and heavy computational cost. In this paper, we propose to learn such fine-grained features from hundreds of part proposals by Trilinear Attention Sampling Network (TASN) in an efficient teacher-student manner. Specifically, TASN consists of 1) a trilinear attention module, which generates attention maps by modeling the inter-channel relationships, 2) an attention-based sampler which highlights attended parts with high resolution, and 3) a feature distiller, which distills part features into a global one by weight sharing and feature preserving strategies. Extensive experiments verify that TASN yields the best performance under the same settings with the most competitive approaches, in iNaturalist-2017, CUB-Bird, and Stanford-Cars datasets. 
### 2.Deep Residual Autoencoder for quality independent JPEG restoration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06117.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a deep residual autoencoder exploiting Residual-in-Residual Dense Blocks (RRDB) to remove artifacts in JPEG compressed images that is independent from the Quality Factor (QF) used. The proposed approach leverages both the learning capacity of deep residual networks and prior knowledge of the JPEG compression pipeline. The proposed model operates in the YCbCr color space and performs JPEG artifact restoration in two phases using two different autoencoders: the first one restores the luma channel exploiting 2D convolutions; the second one, using the restored luma channel as a guide, restores the chroma channels explotining 3D convolutions. Extensive experimental results on three widely used benchmark datasets (i.e. LIVE1, BDS500, and CLASSIC-5) show that our model is able to outperform the state of the art with respect to all the evaluation metrics considered (i.e. PSNR, PSNR-B, and SSIM). This results is remarkable since the approaches in the state of the art use a different set of weights for each compression quality, while the proposed model uses the same weights for all of them, making it applicable to images in the wild where the QF used for compression is unkwnown. Furthermore, the proposed model shows a greater robustness than state-of-the-art methods when applied to compression qualities not seen during training. 
### 3.Deep learning enabled multi-wavelength spatial coherence microscope for the classification of malaria-infected stages with limited labelled data size  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06056.pdf)
>  Malaria is a life-threatening mosquito-borne blood disease, hence early detection is very crucial for health. The conventional method for the detection is a microscopic examination of Giemsa-stained blood smears, which needs a highly trained skilled technician. Automated classifications of different stages of malaria still a challenging task, especially having poor sensitivity in detecting the early trophozoite and late trophozoite or schizont stage with limited labelled datasize. The study aims to develop a fast, robust and fully automated system for the classification of different stages of malaria with limited data size by using the pre-trained convolutional neural networks (CNNs) as a classifier and multi-wavelength to increase the sample size. We also compare our customized CNN with other well-known CNNs and shows that our network have a comparable performance with less computational time. We believe that our proposed method can be applied to other limited labelled biological datasets. 
### 4.MSG-GAN: Multi-Scale Gradients GAN for more stable and synchronized multi-scale image synthesis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06048.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) which is widely used for Image synthesis via generative modelling suffers peculiarly from training instability. One of the known reasons for this instability is the passage of uninformative gradients from the Discriminator to the Generator due to learning imbalance between them during training. In this work, we propose Multi-Scale Gradients Generative Adversarial Network (MSG-GAN), a simplistic but effective technique for addressing this problem; by allowing the flow of gradients from the Discriminator to the Generator at multiple scales. This results in the Generator acquiring the ability to synthesize synchronized images at multiple resolutions simultaneously. We also highlight a suite of techniques that together buttress the stability of training without excessive hyperparameter tuning. Our MSG-GAN technique is a generic mathematical framework which has multiple instantiations. We present an intuitive form of this technique which uses the concatenation operation in the Discriminator computations and empirically validate it through experiments on the CelebA-HQ, CIFAR10 and Oxford102 flowers datasets and by comparing it with some of the current state-of-the-art techniques. 
### 5.Audiovisual Speaker Tracking using Nonlinear Dynamical Systems with Dynamic Stream Weights  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06031.pdf)
>  Data fusion plays an important role in many technical applications that require efficient processing of multimodal sensory observations. A prominent example is audiovisual signal processing, which has gained increasing attention in automatic speech recognition, speaker localization and related tasks. If appropriately combined with acoustic information, additional visual cues can help to improve the performance in these applications, especially under adverse acoustic conditions. A dynamic weighting of acoustic and visual streams based on instantaneous sensor reliability measures is an efficient approach to data fusion in this context. This paper presents a framework that extends the well-established theory of nonlinear dynamical systems with the notion of dynamic stream weights for an arbitrary number of sensory observations. It comprises a recursive state estimator based on the Gaussian filtering paradigm, which incorporates dynamic stream weights into a framework closely related to the extended Kalman filter. Additionally, a convex optimization approach to estimate oracle dynamic stream weights in fully observed dynamical systems utilizing a Dirichlet prior is presented. This serves as a basis for a generic parameter learning framework of dynamic stream weight estimators. The proposed system is application-independent and can be easily adapted to specific tasks and requirements. A study using audiovisual speaker tracking tasks is considered as an exemplary application in this work. An improved tracking performance of the dynamic stream weight-based estimation framework over state-of-the-art methods is demonstrated in the experiments. 
### 6.Superpixel-based Color Transfer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06010.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a fast superpixel-based color transfer method (SCT) between two images. Superpixels enable to decrease the image dimension and to extract a reduced set of color candidates. We propose to use a fast approximate nearest neighbor matching algorithm in which we enforce the match diversity by limiting the selection of the same superpixels. A fusion framework is designed to transfer the matched colors, and we demonstrate the improvement obtained over exact matching results. Finally, we show that SCT is visually competitive compared to state-of-the-art methods. 
### 7.Dense Relational Captioning: Triple-Stream Networks for Relationship-Based Captioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.05942.pdf)
>  Our goal in this work is to train an image captioning model that generates more dense and informative captions. We introduce &#34;relational captioning,&#34; a novel image captioning task which aims to generate multiple captions with respect to relational information between objects in an image. Relational captioning is a framework that is advantageous in both diversity and amount of information, leading to image understanding based on relationships. Part-of speech (POS, i.e. subject-object-predicate categories) tags can be assigned to every English word. We leverage the POS as a prior to guide the correct sequence of words in a caption. To this end, we propose a multi-task triple-stream network (MTTSNet) which consists of three recurrent units for the respective POS and jointly performs POS prediction and captioning. We demonstrate more diverse and richer representations generated by the proposed model against several baselines and competing methods. 
### 8.Scalable Facial Image Compression with Deep Feature Reconstruction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.05921.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a scalable image compression scheme, including the base layer for feature representation and enhancement layer for texture representation. More specifically, the base layer is designed as the deep learning feature for analysis purpose, and it can also be converted to the fine structure with deep feature reconstruction. The enhancement layer, which serves to compress the residuals between the input image and the signals generated from the base layer, aims to faithfully reconstruct the input texture. The proposed scheme can feasibly inherit the advantages of both compress-then-analyze and analyze-then-compress schemes in surveillance applications. The performance of this framework is validated with facial images, and the conducted experiments provide useful evidences to show that the proposed framework can achieve better rate-accuracy and rate-distortion performance over conventional image compression schemes. 
### 9.Learning to Reconstruct People in Clothing from a Single RGB Camera  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.05885.pdf)
>  We present a learning-based model to infer the personalized 3D shape of people from a few frames (1-8) of a monocular video in which the person is moving, in less than 10 seconds with a reconstruction accuracy of 5mm. Our model learns to predict the parameters of a statistical body model and instance displacements that add clothing and hair to the shape. The model achieves fast and accurate predictions based on two key design choices. First, by predicting shape in a canonical T-pose space, the network learns to encode the images of the person into pose-invariant latent codes, where the information is fused. Second, based on the observation that feed-forward predictions are fast but do not always align with the input images, we predict using both, bottom-up and top-down streams (one per view) allowing information to flow in both directions. Learning relies only on synthetic 3D data. Once learned, the model can take a variable number of frames as input, and is able to reconstruct shapes even from a single image with an accuracy of 6mm. Results on 3 different datasets demonstrate the efficacy and accuracy of our approach. 
### 10.Learning Orientation-Estimation Convolutional Neural Network for Building Detection in Optical Remote Sensing Image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.05862.pdf)
>  Benefiting from the great success of deep learning in computer vision, CNN-based object detection methods have drawn significant attentions. Various frameworks have been proposed which show awesome and robust performance for a large range of datasets. However, for building detection in remote sensing images, buildings always pose a diversity of orientations which makes it a challenge for the application of off-the-shelf methods to building detection. In this work, we aim to integrate orientation regression into the popular axis-aligned bounding-box detection method to tackle this problem. To adapt the axis-aligned bounding boxes to arbitrarily orientated ones, we also develop an algorithm to estimate the Intersection over Union (IoU) overlap between any two arbitrarily oriented boxes which is convenient to implement in Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) for accelerating computation. The proposed method utilizes CNN for both robust feature extraction and rotated bounding box regression. We present our modelin an end-to-end fashion making it easy to train. The model is formulated and trained to predict orientation, location and extent simultaneously obtaining tighter bounding box and hence, higher mean average precision (mAP). Experiments on remote sensing images of different scales shows a promising performance over the conventional one. 
### 11.SimpleDet: A Simple and Versatile Distributed Framework for Object Detection and Instance Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.05831.pdf)
>  Object detection and instance recognition play a central role in many AI applications like autonomous driving, video surveillance and medical image analysis. However, training object detection models on large scale datasets remains computationally expensive and time consuming. This paper presents an efficient and open source object detection framework called SimpleDet which enables the training of state-of-the-art detection models on consumer grade hardware at large scale. SimpleDet supports up-to-date detection models with best practice. SimpleDet also supports distributed training with near linear scaling out of box. Codes, examples and documents of SimpleDet can be found at <a href="https://github.com/tusimple/simpledet">this https URL</a> . 
### 12.Purifying Naturalistic Images through a Real-time Style Transfer Semantics Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.05820.pdf)
>  Recently, the progress of learning-by-synthesis has proposed a training model for synthetic images, which can effectively reduce the cost of human and material resources. However, due to the different distribution of synthetic images compared to real images, the desired performance cannot still be achieved. Real images consist of multiple forms of light orientation, while synthetic images consist of a uniform light orientation. These features are considered to be characteristic of outdoor and indoor scenes, respectively. To solve this problem, the previous method learned a model to improve the realism of the synthetic image. Different from the previous methods, this paper takes the first step to purify real images. Through the style transfer task, the distribution of outdoor real images is converted into indoor synthetic images, thereby reducing the influence of light. Therefore, this paper proposes a real-time style transfer network that preserves image content information (eg, gaze direction, pupil center position) of an input image (real image) while inferring style information (eg, image color structure, semantic features) of style image (synthetic image). In addition, the network accelerates the convergence speed of the model and adapts to multi-scale images. Experiments were performed using mixed studies (qualitative and quantitative) methods to demonstrate the possibility of purifying real images in complex directions. Qualitatively, it compares the proposed method with the available methods in a series of indoor and outdoor scenarios of the LPW dataset. In quantitative terms, it evaluates the purified image by training a gaze estimation model on the cross data set. The results show a significant improvement over the baseline method compared to the raw real image. 
### 13.Neural Style Transfer for Point Clouds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.05807.pdf)
>  How can we edit or transform the geometric or color property of a point cloud? In this study, we propose a neural style transfer method for point clouds which allows us to transfer the style of geometry or color from one point cloud either independently or simultaneously to another. This transfer is achieved by manipulating the content representations and Gram-based style representations extracted from a pre-trained PointNet-based classification network for colored point clouds. As Gram-based style representation is invariant to the number or the order of points, the same method can be extended to transfer the style extracted from an image to the color expression of a point cloud by merely treating the image as a set of pixels. Experimental results demonstrate the capability of the proposed method for transferring style from either an image or a point cloud to another point cloud of a single object or even an indoor scene. 
### 14.Learning Parallax Attention for Stereo Image Super-Resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.05784.pdf)
>  Stereo image pairs can be used to improve the performance of super-resolution (SR) since additional information is provided from a second viewpoint. However, it is challenging to incorporate this information for SR since disparities between stereo images vary significantly. In this paper, we propose a parallax-attention stereo superresolution network (PASSRnet) to integrate the information from a stereo image pair for SR. Specifically, we introduce a parallax-attention mechanism with a global receptive field along the epipolar line to handle different stereo images with large disparity variations. We also propose a new and the largest dataset for stereo image SR (namely, Flickr1024). Extensive experiments demonstrate that the parallax-attention mechanism can capture correspondence between stereo images to improve SR performance with a small computational and memory cost. Comparative results show that our PASSRnet achieves the state-of-the-art performance on the Middlebury, KITTI 2012 and KITTI 2015 datasets. 
### 15.LPM: Learnable Pooling Module for Efficient Full-Face Gaze Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.05761.pdf)
>  Gaze tracking is an important technology in many domains. Techniques such as Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) has allowed the invention of gaze tracking method that relies only on commodity hardware such as the camera on a personal computer. It has been shown that the full-face region for gaze estimation can provide better performance than from an eye image alone. However, a problem with using the full-face image is the heavy computation due to the larger image size. This study tackles this problem through compression of the input full-face image by removing redundant information using a novel learnable pooling module. The module can be trained end-to-end by backpropagation to learn the size of the grid in the pooling filter. The learnable pooling module keeps the resolution of valuable regions high and vice versa. This proposed method preserved the gaze estimation accuracy at a certain level when the image was reduced to a smaller size. 
### 16.PointNetLK: Robust &amp; Efficient Point Cloud Registration using PointNet  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.05711.pdf)
>  PointNet has revolutionized how we think about representing point clouds. For classification and segmentation tasks, the approach and its subsequent extensions are state-of-the-art. To date, the successful application of PointNet to point cloud registration has remained elusive. In this paper we argue that PointNet itself can be thought of as a learnable &#34;imaging&#34; function. As a consequence, classical vision algorithms for image alignment can be applied on the problem - namely the Lucas &amp; Kanade (LK) algorithm. Our central innovations stem from: (i) how to modify the LK algorithm to accommodate the PointNet imaging function, and (ii) unrolling PointNet and the LK algorithm into a single trainable recurrent deep neural network. We describe the architecture, and compare its performance against state-of-the-art in common registration scenarios. The architecture offers some remarkable properties including: generalization across shape categories and computational efficiency - opening up new paths of exploration for the application of deep learning to point cloud registration. Code and videos are available at <a href="https://github.com/hmgoforth/PointNetLK">this https URL</a>. 
### 17.Putting Humans in a Scene: Learning Affordance in 3D Indoor Environments  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.05690.pdf)
>  Affordance modeling plays an important role in visual understanding. In this paper, we aim to predict affordances of 3D indoor scenes, specifically what human poses are afforded by a given indoor environment, such as sitting on a chair or standing on the floor. In order to predict valid affordances and learn possible 3D human poses in indoor scenes, we need to understand the semantic and geometric structure of a scene as well as its potential interactions with a human. To learn such a model, a large-scale dataset of 3D indoor affordances is required. In this work, we build a fully automatic 3D pose synthesizer that fuses semantic knowledge from a large number of 2D poses extracted from TV shows as well as 3D geometric knowledge from voxel representations of indoor scenes. With the data created by the synthesizer, we introduce a 3D pose generative model to predict semantically plausible and physically feasible human poses within a given scene (provided as a single RGB, RGB-D, or depth image). We demonstrate that our human affordance prediction method consistently outperforms existing state-of-the-art methods. 
### 18.Neural Scene Decomposition for Multi-Person Motion Capture  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.05684.pdf)
>  Learning general image representations has proven key to the success of many computer vision tasks. For example, many approaches to image understanding problems rely on deep networks that were initially trained on ImageNet, mostly because the learned features are a valuable starting point to learn from limited labeled data. However, when it comes to 3D motion capture of multiple people, these features are only of limited use. <br />In this paper, we therefore propose an approach to learning features that are useful for this purpose. To this end, we introduce a self-supervised approach to learning what we call a neural scene decomposition (NSD) that can be exploited for 3D pose estimation. NSD comprises three layers of abstraction to represent human subjects: spatial layout in terms of bounding-boxes and relative depth; a 2D shape representation in terms of an instance segmentation mask; and subject-specific appearance and 3D pose information. By exploiting self-supervision coming from multiview data, our NSD model can be trained end-to-end without any 2D or 3D supervision. In contrast to previous approaches, it works for multiple persons and full-frame images. Because it encodes 3D geometry, NSD can then be effectively leveraged to train a 3D pose estimation network from small amounts of annotated data. 
### 19.Scalable Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for Sparse, Locally Dense Liquid Argon Time Projection Chamber Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.05663.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) show strong promise for analyzing scientific data in many domains including particle imaging detectors such as a liquid argon time projection chamber (LArTPC). Yet the high sparsity of LArTPC data challenges traditional CNNs which were designed for dense data such as photographs. A naive application of CNNs on LArTPC data results in inefficient computations and a poor scalability to large LArTPC detectors such as the Short Baseline Neutrino Program and Deep Underground Neutrino Experiment. Recently Submanifold Sparse Convolutional Networks (SSCNs) have been proposed to address this challenge. We report their performance on a 3D semantic segmentation task on simulated LArTPC samples. In comparison with standard CNNs, we observe that the computation memory and wall-time cost for inference are reduced by factor of 364 and 33 respectively without loss of accuracy. The same factors for 2D samples are found to be 93 and 3.1 respectively. Using SSCN, we present the first machine learning-based approach to the reconstruction of Michel electrons using public 3D LArTPC samples. We find a Michel electron identification efficiency of 93.9\% with 98.8\% of true positive rate. Reconstructed Michel electron clusters yield 96.1\% in average pixel clustering efficiency and 97.3\% in purity. The results are compelling to show strong promise of scalable data reconstruction technique using deep neural networks for large scale LArTPC detectors. 
### 20.Tucker Tensor Layer in Fully Connected Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06133.pdf)
>  We introduce the Tucker Tensor Layer (TTL), an alternative to the dense weight-matrices of the fully connected layers of feed-forward neural networks (NNs), to answer the long standing quest to compress NNs and improve their interpretability. This is achieved by treating these weight-matrices as the unfolding of a higher order weight-tensor. This enables us to introduce a framework for exploiting the multi-way nature of the weight-tensor in order to efficiently reduce the number of parameters, by virtue of the compression properties of tensor decompositions. The Tucker Decomposition (TKD) is employed to decompose the weight-tensor into a core tensor and factor matrices. We re-derive back-propagation within this framework, by extending the notion of matrix derivatives to tensors. In this way, the physical interpretability of the TKD is exploited to gain insights into training, through the process of computing gradients with respect to each factor matrix. The proposed framework is validated on synthetic data and on the Fashion-MNIST dataset, emphasizing the relative importance of various data features in training, hence mitigating the &#34;black-box&#34; issue inherent to NNs. Experiments on both MNIST and Fashion-MNIST illustrate the compression properties of the TTL, achieving a 66.63 fold compression whilst maintaining comparable performance to the uncompressed NN. 
### 21.Low-rank Kernel Learning for Graph-based Clustering  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.05962.pdf)
>  Constructing the adjacency graph is fundamental to graph-based clustering. Graph learning in kernel space has shown impressive performance on a number of benchmark data sets. However, its performance is largely determined by the chosen kernel matrix. To address this issue, the previous multiple kernel learning algorithm has been applied to learn an optimal kernel from a group of predefined kernels. This approach might be sensitive to noise and limits the representation ability of the consensus kernel. In contrast to existing methods, we propose to learn a low-rank kernel matrix which exploits the similarity nature of the kernel matrix and seeks an optimal kernel from the neighborhood of candidate kernels. By formulating graph construction and kernel learning in a unified framework, the graph and consensus kernel can be iteratively enhanced by each other. Extensive experimental results validate the efficacy of the proposed method. 
### 22.Recurrence required to capture the dynamic computations of the human ventral visual stream  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.05946.pdf)
>  The visual system is an intricate network of brain regions that enables us to recognize the world around us. Despite its abundant lateral and feedback connections, human object processing is commonly viewed and studied as a feedforward process. Here, we measure and model the rapid representational dynamics across multiple stages of the human ventral stream using time-resolved brain imaging and deep learning. We observe substantial representational transformations during the first 300 ms of processing within and across ventral-stream regions. Categorical divisions emerge in sequence, cascading forward and in reverse across regions, and Granger causality analysis suggests bidirectional information flow between regions. Finally, recurrent deep neural network models clearly outperform feedforward models in terms of their ability to jointly capture the multi-region cortical dynamics. These results establish that recurrent models are required to understand information processing in the human ventral stream. 
### 23.Detection and Tracking of Small Objects in Sparse 3D Laser Range Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.05889.pdf)
>  Detection and tracking of dynamic objects is a key feature for autonomous behavior in a continuously changing environment. With the increasing popularity and capability of micro aerial vehicles (MAVs) efficient algorithms have to be utilized to enable multi object tracking on limited hardware and data provided by lightweight sensors. We present a novel segmentation approach based on a combination of median filters and an efficient pipeline for detection and tracking of small objects within sparse point clouds generated by a Velodyne VLP-16 sensor. We achieve real-time performance on a single core of our MAV hardware by exploiting the inherent structure of the data. Our approach is evaluated on simulated and real scans of in- and outdoor environments, obtaining results comparable to the state of the art. Additionally, we provide an application for filtering the dynamic and mapping the static part of the data, generating further insights into the performance of the pipeline on unlabeled data. 
### 24.MirrorGAN: Learning Text-to-image Generation by Redescription  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.05854.pdf)
>  Generating an image from a given text description has two goals: visual realism and semantic consistency. Although significant progress has been made in generating high-quality and visually realistic images using generative adversarial networks, guaranteeing semantic consistency between the text description and visual content remains very challenging. In this paper, we address this problem by proposing a novel global-local attentive and semantic-preserving text-to-image-to-text framework called MirrorGAN. MirrorGAN exploits the idea of learning text-to-image generation by redescription and consists of three modules: a semantic text embedding module (STEM), a global-local collaborative attentive module for cascaded image generation (GLAM), and a semantic text regeneration and alignment module (STREAM). STEM generates word- and sentence-level embeddings. GLAM has a cascaded architecture for generating target images from coarse to fine scales, leveraging both local word attention and global sentence attention to progressively enhance the diversity and semantic consistency of the generated images. STREAM seeks to regenerate the text description from the generated image, which semantically aligns with the given text description. Thorough experiments on two public benchmark datasets demonstrate the superiority of MirrorGAN over other representative state-of-the-art methods. 
### 25.Diagnosing and Enhancing VAE Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.05789.pdf)
>  Although variational autoencoders (VAEs) represent a widely influential deep generative model, many aspects of the underlying energy function remain poorly understood. In particular, it is commonly believed that Gaussian encoder/decoder assumptions reduce the effectiveness of VAEs in generating realistic samples. In this regard, we rigorously analyze the VAE objective, differentiating situations where this belief is and is not actually true. We then leverage the corresponding insights to develop a simple VAE enhancement that requires no additional hyperparameters or sensitive tuning. Quantitatively, this proposal produces crisp samples and stable FID scores that are actually competitive with a variety of GAN models, all while retaining desirable attributes of the original VAE architecture. A shorter version of this work will appear in the ICLR 2019 conference proceedings (Dai and Wipf, 2019). The code for our model is available at <a href="https://github.com/daib13/">this https URL</a> TwoStageVAE. 
### 26.Improving Prostate Cancer Detection with Breast Histopathology Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.05769.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have introduced significant advancements in the field of machine learning-based analysis of digital pathology images including prostate tissue images. With the help of transfer learning, classification and segmentation performance of neural network models have been further increased. However, due to the absence of large, extensively annotated, publicly available prostate histopathology datasets, several previous studies employ datasets from well-studied computer vision tasks such as ImageNet dataset. In this work, we propose a transfer learning scheme from breast histopathology images to improve prostate cancer detection performance. We validate our approach on annotated prostate whole slide images by using a publicly available breast histopathology dataset as pre-training. We show that the proposed cross-cancer approach outperforms transfer learning from ImageNet dataset. 
### 27.VRKitchen: an Interactive 3D Virtual Environment for Task-oriented Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.05757.pdf)
>  One of the main challenges of advancing task-oriented learning such as visual task planning and reinforcement learning is the lack of realistic and standardized environments for training and testing AI agents. Previously, researchers often relied on ad-hoc lab environments. There have been recent advances in virtual systems built with 3D physics engines and photo-realistic rendering for indoor and outdoor environments, but the embodied agents in those systems can only conduct simple interactions with the world (e.g., walking around, moving objects, etc.). Most of the existing systems also do not allow human participation in their simulated environments. In this work, we design and implement a virtual reality (VR) system, VRKitchen, with integrated functions which i) enable embodied agents powered by modern AI methods (e.g., planning, reinforcement learning, etc.) to perform complex tasks involving a wide range of fine-grained object manipulations in a realistic environment, and ii) allow human teachers to perform demonstrations to train agents (i.e., learning from demonstration). We also provide standardized evaluation benchmarks and data collection tools to facilitate a broad use in research on task-oriented learning and beyond. 
### 28.Inferring 3D Shapes of Unknown Rigid Objects in Clutter through Inverse Physics Reasoning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.05749.pdf)
>  We present a probabilistic approach for building, on the fly, 3-D models of unknown objects while being manipulated by a robot. We specifically consider manipulation tasks in piles of clutter that contain previously unseen objects. Most manipulation algorithms for performing such tasks require known geometric models of the objects in order to grasp or rearrange them robustly. One of the novel aspects of this work is the utilization of a physics engine for verifying hypothesized geometries in simulation. The evidence provided by physics simulations is used in a probabilistic framework that accounts for the fact that mechanical properties of the objects are uncertain. We present an efficient algorithm for inferring occluded parts of objects based on their observed motions and mutual interactions. Experiments using a robot show that this approach is efficient for constructing physically realistic 3-D models, which can be useful for manipulation planning. Experiments also show that the proposed approach significantly outperforms alternative approaches in terms of shape accuracy. 
### 29.Aesthetics of Neural Network Art  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.05696.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a way to understand neural network artworks as juxtapositions of natural image cues. It is hypothesized that images with unusual combinations of realistic visual cues are interesting, and, neural models trained to model natural images are well-suited to creating interesting images. Art using neural models produces new images similar to those of natural images, but with weird and intriguing variations. This analysis is applied to neural art based on Generative Adversarial Networks, image stylization, Deep Dreams, and Perception Engines. 
