# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 4 Mar 2019
### 1.A Behavioral Approach to Visual Navigation with Graph Localization Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00445.pdf)
>  Inspired by research in psychology, we introduce a behavioral approach for visual navigation using topological maps. Our goal is to enable a robot to navigate from one location to another, relying only on its visual input and the topological map of the environment. We propose using graph neural networks for localizing the agent in the map, and decompose the action space into primitive behaviors implemented as convolutional or recurrent neural networks. Using the Gibson simulator, we verify that our approach outperforms relevant baselines and is able to navigate in both seen and unseen environments. 
### 2.Deep Learning for Multiple-Image Super-Resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00440.pdf)
>  Super-resolution reconstruction (SRR) is a process aimed at enhancing spatial resolution of images, either from a single observation, based on the learned relation between low and high resolution, or from multiple images presenting the same scene. SRR is particularly valuable, if it is infeasible to acquire images at desired resolution, but many images of the same scene are available at lower resolution---this is inherent to a variety of remote sensing scenarios. Recently, we have witnessed substantial improvement in single-image SRR attributed to the use of deep neural networks for learning the relation between low and high resolution. Importantly, deep learning has not been exploited for multiple-image SRR, which benefits from information fusion and in general allows for achieving higher reconstruction accuracy. In this letter, we introduce a new method which combines the advantages of multiple-image fusion with learning the low-to-high resolution mapping using deep networks. The reported experimental results indicate that our algorithm outperforms the state-of-the-art SRR methods, including these that operate from a single image, as well as those that perform multiple-image fusion. 
### 3.Quantifying contribution and propagation of error from computational steps, algorithms and hyperparameter choices in image classification pipelines  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00405.pdf)
>  Data science relies on pipelines that are organized in the form of interdependent computational steps. Each step consists of various candidate algorithms that maybe used for performing a particular function. Each algorithm consists of several hyperparameters. Algorithms and hyperparameters must be optimized as a whole to produce the best performance. Typical machine learning pipelines consist of complex algorithms in each of the steps. Not only is the selection process combinatorial, but it is also important to interpret and understand the pipelines. We propose a method to quantify the importance of different components in the pipeline, by computing an error contribution relative to an agnostic choice of computational steps, algorithms and hyperparameters. We also propose a methodology to quantify the propagation of error from individual components of the pipeline with the help of a naive set of benchmark algorithms not involved in the pipeline. We demonstrate our methodology on image classification pipelines. The agnostic and naive methodologies quantify the error contribution and propagation respectively from the computational steps, algorithms and hyperparameters in the image classification pipeline. We show that algorithm selection and hyperparameter optimization methods like grid search, random search and Bayesian optimization can be used to quantify the error contribution and propagation, and that random search is able to quantify them more accurately than Bayesian optimization. This methodology can be used by domain experts to understand machine learning and data analysis pipelines in terms of their individual components, which can help in prioritizing different components of the pipeline. 
### 4.Single Image Haze Removal Using Conditional Wasserstein Generative Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00395.pdf)
>  We present a method to restore a clear image from a haze-affected image using a Wasserstein generative adversarial network. As the problem is ill-conditioned, previous methods have required a prior on natural images or multiple images of the same scene. We train a generative adversarial network to learn the probability distribution of clear images conditioned on the haze-affected images using the Wasserstein loss function, using a gradient penalty to enforce the Lipschitz constraint. The method is data-adaptive, end-to-end, and requires no further processing or tuning of parameters. We also incorporate the use of a texture-based loss metric and the L1 loss to improve results, and show that our results are better than the current state-of-the-art. 
### 5.Deep Neural Network and Data Augmentation Methodology for off-axis iris segmentation in wearable headsets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00389.pdf)
>  A data augmentation methodology is presented and applied to generate a large dataset of off-axis iris regions and train a low-complexity deep neural network. Although of low complexity the resulting network achieves a high level of accuracy in iris region segmentation for challenging off-axis eye-patches. Interestingly, this network is also shown to achieve high levels of performance for regular, frontal, segmentation of iris regions, comparing favorably with state-of-the-art techniques of significantly higher complexity. Due to its lower complexity, this network is well suited for deployment in embedded applications such as augmented and mixed reality headsets. 
### 6.Automatic microscopic cell counting by use of unsupervised adversarial domain adaptation and supervised density regression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00388.pdf)
>  Accurate cell counting in microscopic images is important for medical diagnoses and biological studies. However, manual cell counting is very time-consuming, tedious, and prone to subjective errors. We propose a new density regression-based method for automatic cell counting that reduces the need to manually annotate experimental images. A supervised learning-based density regression model (DRM) is trained with annotated synthetic images (the source domain) and their corresponding ground truth density maps. A domain adaptation model (DAM) is built to map experimental images (the target domain) to the feature space of the source domain. By use of the unsupervised learning-based DAM and supervised learning-based DRM, a cell density map of a given target image can be estimated, from which the number of cells can be counted. Results from experimental immunofluorescent microscopic images of human embryonic stem cells demonstrate the promising performance of the proposed counting method. 
### 7.Answer Them All! Toward Universal Visual Question Answering Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00366.pdf)
>  Visual Question Answering (VQA) research is split into two camps: the first focuses on VQA datasets that require natural image understanding and the second focuses on synthetic datasets that test reasoning. A good VQA algorithm should be capable of both, but only a few VQA algorithms are tested in this manner. We compare five state-of-the-art VQA algorithms across eight VQA datasets covering both domains. To make the comparison fair, all of the models are standardized as much as possible, e.g., they use the same visual features, answer vocabularies, etc. We find that methods do not generalize across the two domains. To address this problem, we propose a new VQA algorithm that rivals or exceeds the state-of-the-art for both domains. 
### 8.Large-Scale Object Mining for Object Discovery from Unlabeled Video  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00362.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of object discovery from unlabeled driving videos captured in a realistic automotive setting. Identifying recurring object categories in such raw video streams is a very challenging problem. Not only do object candidates first have to be localized in the input images, but many interesting object categories occur relatively infrequently. Object discovery will therefore have to deal with the difficulties of operating in the long tail of the object distribution. We demonstrate the feasibility of performing fully automatic object discovery in such a setting by mining object tracks using a generic object tracker. In order to facilitate further research in object discovery, we release a collection of more than 360,000 automatically mined object tracks from 10+ hours of video data (560,000 frames). We use this dataset to evaluate the suitability of different feature representations and clustering strategies for object discovery. 
### 9.Transformation Consistent Self-ensembling Model for Semi-supervised Medical Image Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00348.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks have achieved remarkable progress on a variety of medical image computing tasks. A common problem when applying supervised deep learning methods to medical images is the lack of labeled data, which is very expensive and time-consuming to be collected. In this paper, we present a novel semi-supervised method for medical image segmentation, where the network is optimized by the weighted combination of a common supervised loss for labeled inputs only and a regularization loss for both labeled and unlabeled data. To utilize the unlabeled data, our method encourages the consistent predictions of the network-in-training for the same input under different regularizations. Aiming for the semi-supervised segmentation problem, we enhance the effect of regularization for pixel-level predictions by introducing a transformation, including rotation and flipping, consistent scheme in our self-ensembling model. With the aim of semi-supervised segmentation tasks, we introduce a transformation consistent strategy in our self-ensembling model to enhance the regularization effect for pixel-level predictions. We have extensively validated the proposed semi-supervised method on three typical yet challenging medical image segmentation tasks: (i) skin lesion segmentation from dermoscopy images on International Skin Imaging Collaboration (ISIC) 2017 dataset, (ii) optic disc segmentation from fundus images on Retinal Fundus Glaucoma Challenge (REFUGE) dataset, and (iii) liver segmentation from volumetric CT scans on Liver Tumor Segmentation Challenge (LiTS) dataset. Compared to the state-of-the-arts, our proposed method shows superior segmentation performance on challenging 2D/3D medical images, demonstrating the effectiveness of our semi-supervised method for medical image segmentation. 
### 10.Octree guided CNN with Spherical Kernels for 3D Point Clouds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00343.pdf)
>  We propose an octree guided neural network architecture and spherical convolutional kernel for machine learning from arbitrary 3D point clouds. The network architecture capitalizes on the sparse nature of irregular point clouds, and hierarchically coarsens the data representation with space partitioning. At the same time, the proposed spherical kernels systematically quantize point neighborhoods to identify local geometric structures in the data, while maintaining the properties of translation-invariance and asymmetry. We specify spherical kernels with the help of network neurons that in turn are associated with spatial locations. We exploit this association to avert dynamic kernel generation during network training that enables efficient learning with high resolution point clouds. The effectiveness of the proposed technique is established on the benchmark tasks of 3D object classification and segmentation, achieving new state-of-the-art on ShapeNet and RueMonge2014 datasets. 
### 11.Progress Regression RNN for Online Spatial-Temporal Action Localization in Unconstrained Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00304.pdf)
>  Previous spatial-temporal action localization methods commonly follow the pipeline of object detection to estimate bounding boxes and labels of actions. However, the temporal relation of an action has not been fully explored. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end Progress Regression Recurrent Neural Network (PR-RNN) for online spatial-temporal action localization, which learns to infer the action by temporal progress regression. Two new action attributes, called progression and progress rate, are introduced to describe the temporal engagement and relative temporal position of an action. In our method, frame-level features are first extracted by a Fully Convolutional Network (FCN). Subsequently, detection results and action progress attributes are regressed by the Convolutional Gated Recurrent Unit (ConvGRU) based on all the observed frames instead of a single frame or a short clip. Finally, a novel online linking method is designed to connect single-frame results to spatial-temporal tubes with the help of the estimated action progress attributes. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the progress attributes improve the localization accuracy by providing more precise temporal position of an action in unconstrained videos. Our proposed PR-RNN achieves the stateof-the-art performance for most of the IoU thresholds on two benchmark datasets. 
### 12.Provably scale-covariant networks from oriented quasi quadrature measures in cascade  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00289.pdf)
>  This article presents a continuous model for hierarchical networks based on a combination of mathematically derived models of receptive fields and biologically inspired computations. Based on a functional model of complex cells in terms of an oriented quasi quadrature combination of first- and second-order directional Gaussian derivatives, we couple such primitive computations in cascade over combinatorial expansions over image orientations. Scale-space properties of the computational primitives are analysed and it is shown that the resulting representation allows for provable scale and rotation covariance. A prototype application to texture analysis is developed and it is demonstrated that a simplified mean-reduced representation of the resulting QuasiQuadNet leads to promising experimental results on three texture datasets. 
### 13.Adversarial Generation of Handwritten Text Images Conditioned on Sequences  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00277.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art offline handwriting text recognition systems tend to use neural networks and therefore require a large amount of annotated data to be trained. In order to partially satisfy this requirement, we propose a system based on Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) to produce synthetic images of handwritten words. We use bidirectional LSTM recurrent layers to get an embedding of the word to be rendered, and we feed it to the generator network. We also modify the standard GAN by adding an auxiliary network for text recognition. The system is then trained with a balanced combination of an adversarial loss and a CTC loss. Together, these extensions to GAN enable to control the textual content of the generated word images. We obtain realistic images on both French and Arabic datasets, and we show that integrating these synthetic images into the existing training data of a text recognition system can slightly enhance its performance. 
### 14.Frequency Domain Transformer Networks for Video Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00271.pdf)
>  The task of video prediction is forecasting the next frames given some previous frames. Despite much recent progress, this task is still challenging mainly due to high nonlinearity in the spatial domain. To address this issue, we propose a novel architecture, Frequency Domain Transformer Network (FDTN), which is an end-to-end learnable model that estimates and uses the transformations of the signal in the frequency domain. Experimental evaluations show that this approach can outperform some widely used video prediction methods like Video Ladder Network (VLN) and Predictive Gated Pyramids (PGP). 
### 15.Object Recognition in Deep Convolutional Neural Networks is Fundamentally Different to That in Humans  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00258.pdf)
>  Object recognition is a primary function of the human visual system. It has recently been claimed that the highly successful ability to recognise objects in a set of emergent computer vision systems---Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (DCNNs)---can form a useful guide to recognition in humans. To test this assertion, we systematically evaluated visual crowding, a dramatic breakdown of recognition in clutter, in DCNNs and compared their performance to extant research in humans. We examined crowding in two architectures of DCNNs with the same methodology as that used among humans. We manipulated multiple stimulus factors including inter-letter spacing, letter colour, size, and flanker location to assess the extent and shape of crowding in DCNNs to establish a clear picture of crowding in DCNNs. We found that crowding followed a predictable pattern across DCNN architectures that was fundamentally different from that in humans. Some characteristic hallmarks of human crowding, such as invariance to size, the effect of target-flanker similarity, and confusions between target and flanker identities, were completely missing, minimised or even reversed in DCNNs. These data show that DCNNs, while proficient in object recognition, likely achieve this competence through a set of mechanisms that are distinct from those in humans. They are not equivalent models of human or primate object recognition and caution must be exercised when inferring mechanisms derived from their operation. 
### 16.Mask Scoring R-CNN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00241.pdf)
>  Letting a deep network be aware of the quality of its own predictions is an interesting yet important problem. In the task of instance segmentation, the confidence of instance classification is used as mask quality score in most instance segmentation frameworks. However, the mask quality, quantified as the IoU between the instance mask and its ground truth, is usually not well correlated with classification score. In this paper, we study this problem and propose Mask Scoring R-CNN which contains a network block to learn the quality of the predicted instance masks. The proposed network block takes the instance feature and the corresponding predicted mask together to regress the mask IoU. The mask scoring strategy calibrates the misalignment between mask quality and mask score, and improves instance segmentation performance by prioritizing more accurate mask predictions during COCO AP evaluation. By extensive evaluations on the COCO dataset, Mask Scoring R-CNN brings consistent and noticeable gain with different models, and outperforms the state-of-the-art Mask R-CNN. We hope our simple and effective approach will provide a new direction for improving instance segmentation. The source code of our method is available at \url{<a href="https://github.com/zjhuang22/maskscoring_rcnn">this https URL</a>}. 
### 17.Single Image Deblurring and Camera Motion Estimation with Depth Map  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00231.pdf)
>  Camera shake during exposure is a major problem in hand-held photography, as it causes image blur that destroys details in the captured images.~In the real world, such blur is mainly caused by both the camera motion and the complex scene structure.~While considerable existing approaches have been proposed based on various assumptions regarding the scene structure or the camera motion, few existing methods could handle the real 6 DoF camera motion.~In this paper, we propose to jointly estimate the 6 DoF camera motion and remove the non-uniform blur caused by camera motion by exploiting their underlying geometric relationships, with a single blurry image and its depth map (either direct depth measurements, or a learned depth map) as input.~We formulate our joint deblurring and 6 DoF camera motion estimation as an energy minimization problem which is solved in an alternative manner. Our model enables the recovery of the 6 DoF camera motion and the latent clean image, which could also achieve the goal of generating a sharp sequence from a single blurry image. Experiments on challenging real-world and synthetic datasets demonstrate that image blur from camera shake can be well addressed within our proposed framework. 
### 18.Lung CT Imaging Sign Classification through Deep Learning on Small Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00183.pdf)
>  The annotated medical images are usually expensive to be collected. This paper proposes a deep learning method on small data to classify Common Imaging Signs of Lung diseases (CISL) in computed tomography (CT) images. We explore both the real data and the data generated by Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) to improve the reliability and the generalization of learning. First, we use GAN to generate a large number of CISLs from small annotated data, which are difficult to be distinguished from real counterparts. These generated samples are used to pre-train a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) for classifying CISLs. Second, we fine-tune the CNN classification model with real data. Experiments were conducted on the LISS database of CISLs. We successfully convinced radiologists that our generated CISLs samples were real for 56.7% of our experiments. The pre-trained CNN model achieves 88.4% of mean accuracy of binary classification, and after fine-tuning, the mean accuracy is significantly increased to 95.0%. For multi-classification of all types of CISLs and normal tissues, through the two stages of training, the mean accuracy, sensitivity and specificity are up to about 91.83%, 92.73% and 99.0%, respectively. To our knowledge, this is the best result achieved on the LISS database, which demonstrates that the proposed method is effective and promising for fulfilling deep learning on small data. 
### 19.Pyramid Feature Selective Network for Saliency detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00179.pdf)
>  Saliency detection is one of the basic challenges in computer vision. How to extract effective features is a critical point for saliency detection. Recent methods mainly adopt integrating multi-scale convolutional features indiscriminately. However, not all features are useful for saliency detection and some even cause interferences. To solve this problem, we propose Pyramid Feature Selective network to focus on effective high-level context features and low-level spatial structural features. First, we design Context-aware Pyramid Feature Extraction (CPFE) module for multi-scale high-level feature maps to capture rich context features. Second, we adopt channel-wise attention (CA) after CPFE feature maps and spatial attention (SA) after low-level feature maps, then fuse outputs of CA &amp; SA together. Finally, we propose an edge preservation loss to guide network to learn more detailed information in boundary localization. Extensive evaluations on five benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches under different evaluation metrics. 
### 20.Image-Based Geo-Localization Using Satellite Imagery  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00159.pdf)
>  The problem of localization on a geo-referenced satellite map given a query ground view image is useful yet remains challenging due to the drastic change in viewpoint. To this end, in this paper we work on the extension of our earlier work on the Cross-View Matching Network (CVM-Net) \cite{Hu2018} for the ground-to-aerial image matching task since the traditional image descriptors fail due to the drastic viewpoint change. In particular, we show more extensive experimental results and analyses of the network architecture on our CVM-Net. Furthermore, we propose a Markov localization framework that enforces the temporal consistency between image frames to enhance the geo-localization results in the case where a video stream of ground view images is available. Experimental results show that our proposed Markov localization framework can continuously localize the vehicle within a small error on our Singapore dataset. 
### 21.Video Extrapolation with an Invertible Linear Embedding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00133.pdf)
>  We predict future video frames from complex dynamic scenes, using an invertible neural network as the encoder of a nonlinear dynamic system with latent linear state evolution. Our invertible linear embedding (ILE) demonstrates successful learning, prediction and latent state inference. In contrast to other approaches, ILE does not use any explicit reconstruction loss or simplistic pixel-space assumptions. Instead, it leverages invertibility to optimize the likelihood of image sequences exactly, albeit indirectly. Comparison with a state-of-the-art method demonstrates the viability of our approach. 
### 22.Local Geometric Indexing of High Resolution Data for Facial Reconstruction from Sparse Markers  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00119.pdf)
>  When considering sparse motion capture marker data, one typically struggles to balance its overfitting via a high dimensional blendshape system versus underfitting caused by smoothness constraints. With the current trend towards using more and more data, our aim is not to fit the motion capture markers with a parameterized (blendshape) model or to smoothly interpolate a surface through the marker positions, but rather to find an instance in the high resolution dataset that contains local geometry to fit each marker. Just as is true for typical machine learning applications, this approach benefits from a plethora of data, and thus we also consider augmenting the dataset via specially designed physical simulations that target the high resolution dataset such that the simulation output lies on the same so-called manifold as the data targeted. 
### 23.A Sketch Based 3D Shape Retrieval Approach Based on Efficient Deep Point-to-Subspace Metric Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00117.pdf)
>  One key issue in managing a large scale 3D shape dataset is to identify an effective way to retrieve a shape-of-interest. The sketch-based query, which enjoys the flexibility in representing the user&#39;s intention, has received growing interests in recent years due to the popularization of the touchscreen technology. Essentially, the sketch depicts an abstraction of an shape in a certain view while the shape contains the full 3D information. Matching between them is a cross-modality retrieval problem. However, for a given query, only part of the viewpoints of the 3D shape is representative. Thus, blindly projecting a 3D shape into a feature vector without considering what is the query will inevitably bring query-unrepresentative information. To handle this issue, in this paper we propose a Deep Point-to-Subspace Metric Learning (DPSML) framework to project a sketch into a feature vector and a 3D shape into a subspace spanned by a few selected basis feature vectors. The similarity between them is defined as the distance between the query feature vector and its closest point in the subspace by solving an optimization problem on the fly. Note that, the closest point is query-adaptive and can reflect the viewpoint information that is representative to the given query. To efficiently learn such a deep model, we formulate it as a classification problem with a special classifier design. To reduce the redundancy of 3D shapes, we also introduce a Representative-View Selection (RVS) module to select the most representative views of a 3D shape. By conducting extensive experiments on various datasets, we show that the proposed approach can achieve superior performance over its competitive baselines and attain the state-of-the-art performance. 
### 24.Self-supervised Learning for Single View Depth and Surface Normal Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00112.pdf)
>  In this work we present a self-supervised learning framework to simultaneously train two Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) to predict depth and surface normals from a single image. In contrast to most existing frameworks which represent outdoor scenes as fronto-parallel planes at piece-wise smooth depth, we propose to predict depth with surface orientation while assuming that natural scenes have piece-wise smooth normals. We show that a simple depth-normal consistency as a soft-constraint on the predictions is sufficient and effective for training both these networks simultaneously. The trained normal network provides state-of-the-art predictions while the depth network, relying on much realistic smooth normal assumption, outperforms the traditional self-supervised depth prediction network by a large margin on the KITTI benchmark. Demo video: <a href="https://youtu.be/ZD-ZRsw7hdM">this https URL</a> 
### 25.Video Summarization via Actionness Ranking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00110.pdf)
>  To automatically produce a brief yet expressive summary of a long video, an automatic algorithm should start by resembling the human process of summary generation. Prior work proposed supervised and unsupervised algorithms to train models for learning the underlying behavior of humans by increasing modeling complexity or craft-designing better heuristics to simulate human summary generation process. In this work, we take a different approach by analyzing a major cue that humans exploit for the summary generation; the nature and intensity of actions. <br />We empirically observed that a frame is more likely to be included in human-generated summaries if it contains a substantial amount of deliberate motion performed by an agent, which is referred to as actionness. Therefore, we hypothesize that learning to automatically generate summaries involves an implicit knowledge of actionness estimation and ranking. We validate our hypothesis by running a user study that explores the correlation between human-generated summaries and actionness ranks. We also run a consensus and behavioral analysis between human subjects to ensure reliable and consistent results. The analysis exhibits a considerable degree of agreement among subjects within obtained data and verifying our initial hypothesis. <br />Based on the study findings, we develop a method to incorporate actionness data to explicitly regulate a learning algorithm that is trained for summary generation. We assess the performance of our approach to four summarization benchmark datasets and demonstrate an evident advantage compared to state-of-the-art summarization methods. 
### 26.GAN Based Image Deblurring Using Dark Channel Prior  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00107.pdf)
>  A conditional general adversarial network (GAN) is proposed for image deblurring problem. It is tailored for image deblurring instead of just applying GAN on the deblurring problem. Motivated by that, dark channel prior is carefully picked to be incorporated into the loss function for network training. To make it more compatible with neuron networks, its original indifferentiable form is discarded and L2 norm is adopted instead. On both synthetic datasets and noisy natural images, the proposed network shows improved deblurring performance and robustness to image noise qualitatively and quantitatively. Additionally, compared to the existing end-to-end deblurring networks, our network structure is light-weight, which ensures less training and testing time. 
### 27.Appearance-based Gesture recognition in the compressed domain  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00100.pdf)
>  We propose a novel appearance-based gesture recognition algorithm using compressed domain signal processing techniques. Gesture features are extracted directly from the compressed measurements, which are the block averages and the coded linear combinations of the image sensor&#39;s pixel values. We also improve both the computational efficiency and the memory requirement of the previous DTW-based K-NN gesture classifiers. Both simulation testing and hardware implementation strongly support the proposed algorithm. 
### 28.Broad Neural Network for Change Detection in Aerial Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00087.pdf)
>  A change detection system takes as input two images of a region captured at two different times, and predicts which pixels in the region have undergone change over the time period. Since pixel-based analysis can be erroneous due to noise, illumination difference and other factors, contextual information is usually used to determine the class of a pixel (changed or not). This contextual information is taken into account by considering a pixel of the difference image along with its neighborhood. With the help of ground truth information, the labeled patterns are generated. Finally, Broad Learning classifier is used to get prediction about the class of each pixel. Results show that Broad Learning can classify the data set with a significantly higher F-Score than that of Multilayer Perceptron. Performance comparison has also been made with other popular classifiers, namely Multilayer Perceptron and Random Forest. 
### 29.On the Effectiveness of Low Frequency Perturbations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00073.pdf)
>  Carefully crafted, often imperceptible, adversarial perturbations have been shown to cause state-of-the-art models to yield extremely inaccurate outputs, rendering them unsuitable for safety-critical application domains. In addition, recent work has shown that constraining the attack space to a low frequency regime is particularly effective. Yet, it remains unclear whether this is due to generally constraining the attack search space or specifically removing high frequency components from consideration. By systematically controlling the frequency components of the perturbation, evaluating against the top-placing defense submissions in the NeurIPS 2017 competition, we empirically show that performance improvements in both optimization and generalization are yielded only when low frequency components are preserved. In fact, the defended models based on (ensemble) adversarial training are roughly as vulnerable to low frequency perturbations as undefended models, suggesting that the purported robustness of proposed defenses is reliant upon adversarial perturbations being high frequency in nature. We do find that under $\ell_\infty$ $\epsilon=16/255$, a commonly used distortion bound, low frequency perturbations are indeed perceptible. This questions the use of the $\ell_\infty$-norm, in particular, as a distortion metric, and suggests that explicitly considering the frequency space is promising for learning robust models which better align with human perception. 
### 30.SPDA: Superpixel-based Data Augmentation for Biomedical Image Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00035.pdf)
>  Supervised training a deep neural network aims to &#34;teach&#34; the network to mimic human visual perception that is represented by image-and-label pairs in the training data. Superpixelized (SP) images are visually perceivable to humans, but a conventionally trained deep learning model often performs poorly when working on SP images. To better mimic human visual perception, we think it is desirable for the deep learning model to be able to perceive not only raw images but also SP images. In this paper, we propose a new superpixel-based data augmentation (SPDA) method for training deep learning models for biomedical image segmentation. Our method applies a superpixel generation scheme to all the original training images to generate superpixelized images. The SP images thus obtained are then jointly used with the original training images to train a deep learning model. Our experiments of SPDA on four biomedical image datasets show that SPDA is effective and can consistently improve the performance of state-of-the-art fully convolutional networks for biomedical image segmentation in 2D and 3D images. Additional studies also demonstrate that SPDA can practically reduce the generalization gap. 
### 31.A Deep DUAL-PATH Network for Improved Mammogram Image Processing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00001.pdf)
>  We present, for the first time, a novel deep neural network architecture called \dcn with a dual-path connection between the input image and output class label for mammogram image processing. This architecture is built upon U-Net, which non-linearly maps the input data into a deep latent space. One path of the \dcnn, the locality preserving learner, is devoted to hierarchically extracting and exploiting intrinsic features of the input, while the other path, called the conditional graph learner, focuses on modeling the input-mask correlations. The learned mask is further used to improve classification results, and the two learning paths complement each other. By integrating the two learners our new architecture provides a simple but effective way to jointly learn the segmentation and predict the class label. Benefiting from the powerful expressive capacity of deep neural networks a more discriminative representation can be learned, in which both the semantics and structure are well preserved. Experimental results show that \dcn achieves the best mammography segmentation and classification simultaneously, outperforming recent state-of-the-art models. 
### 32.Multi-Object Representation Learning with Iterative Variational Inference  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00450.pdf)
>  Human perception is structured around objects which form the basis for our higher-level cognition and impressive systematic generalization abilities. Yet most work on representation learning focuses on feature learning without even considering multiple objects, or treats segmentation as an (often supervised) preprocessing step. Instead, we argue for the importance of learning to segment and represent objects jointly. We demonstrate that, starting from the simple assumption that a scene is composed of multiple entities, it is possible to learn to segment images into interpretable objects with disentangled representations. Our method learns -- without supervision -- to inpaint occluded parts, and extrapolates to scenes with more objects and to unseen objects with novel feature combinations. We also show that, due to the use of iterative variational inference, our system is able to learn multi-modal posteriors for ambiguous inputs and extends naturally to sequences. 
### 33.Learning To Follow Directions in Street View  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00401.pdf)
>  Navigating and understanding the real world remains a key challenge in machine learning and inspires a great variety of research in areas such as language grounding, planning, navigation and computer vision. We propose an instruction-following task that requires all of the above, and which combines the practicality of simulated environments with the challenges of ambiguous, noisy real world data. StreetNav is built on top of Google Street View and provides visually accurate environments representing real places. Agents are given driving instructions which they must learn to interpret in order to successfully navigate in this environment. Since humans equipped with driving instructions can readily navigate in previously unseen cities, we set a high bar and test our trained agents for similar cognitive capabilities. Although deep reinforcement learning (RL) methods are frequently evaluated only on data that closely follow the training distribution, our dataset extends to multiple cities and has a clean train/test separation. This allows for thorough testing of generalisation ability. This paper presents the StreetNav environment and tasks, a set of novel models that establish strong baselines, and analysis of the task and the trained agents. 
### 34.TamperNN: Efficient Tampering Detection of Deployed Neural Nets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00317.pdf)
>  Neural networks are powering the deployment of embedded devices and Internet of Things. Applications range from personal assistants to critical ones such as self-driving cars. It has been shown recently that models obtained from neural nets can be trojaned ; an attacker can then trigger an arbitrary model behavior facing crafted inputs. This has a critical impact on the security and reliability of those deployed devices. <br />We introduce novel algorithms to detect the tampering with deployed models, classifiers in particular. In the remote interaction setup we consider, the proposed strategy is to identify markers of the model input space that are likely to change class if the model is attacked, allowing a user to detect a possible tampering. This setup makes our proposal compatible with a wide rage of scenarios, such as embedded models, or models exposed through prediction APIs. We experiment those tampering detection algorithms on the canonical MNIST dataset, over three different types of neural nets, and facing five different attacks (trojaning, quantization, fine-tuning, compression and watermarking). We then validate over five large models (VGG16, VGG19, ResNet, MobileNet, DenseNet) with a state of the art dataset (VGGFace2), and report results demonstrating the possibility of an efficient detection of model tampering. 
### 35.Optimal Projection Guided Transfer Hashing for Image Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00252.pdf)
>  Recently, learning to hash has been widely studied for image retrieval thanks to the computation and storage efficiency of binary codes. For most existing learning to hash methods, sufficient training images are required and used to learn precise hashing codes. However, in some real-world applications, there are not always sufficient training images in the domain of interest. In addition, some existing supervised approaches need a amount of labeled data, which is an expensive process in term of time, label and human expertise. To handle such problems, inspired by transfer learning, we propose a simple yet effective unsupervised hashing method named Optimal Projection Guided Transfer Hashing (GTH) where we borrow the images of other different but related domain i.e., source domain to help learn precise hashing codes for the domain of interest i.e., target domain. Besides, we propose to seek for the maximum likelihood estimation (MLE) solution of the hashing functions of target and source domains due to the domain gap. Furthermore,an alternating optimization method is adopted to obtain the two projections of target and source domains such that the domain hashing disparity is reduced gradually. Extensive experiments on various benchmark databases verify that our method outperforms many state-of-the-art learning to hash methods. The implementation details are available at <a href="https://github.com/liuji93/GTH">this https URL</a>. 
### 36.A Unified Neural Architecture for Instrumental Audio Tasks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00142.pdf)
>  Within Music Information Retrieval (MIR), prominent tasks -- including pitch-tracking, source-separation, super-resolution, and synthesis -- typically call for specialised methods, despite their similarities. Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks (cGANs) have been shown to be highly versatile in learning general image-to-image translations, but have not yet been adapted across MIR. In this work, we present an end-to-end supervisable architecture to perform all aforementioned audio tasks, consisting of a WaveNet synthesiser conditioned on the output of a jointly-trained cGAN spectrogram translator. In doing so, we demonstrate the potential of such flexible techniques to unify MIR tasks, promote efficient transfer learning, and converge research to the improvement of powerful, general methods. Finally, to the best of our knowledge, we present the first application of GANs to guided instrument synthesis. 
### 37.A detailed comparative study of open source deep learning frameworks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00102.pdf)
>  Deep Learning (DL) is one of the hottest trends in machine learning as DL approaches produced results superior to the state-of-the-art in problematic areas such as image processing and natural language processing (NLP). To foster the growth of DL, several open source frameworks appeared providing implementations of the most common DL algorithms. These frameworks vary in the algorithms they support and in the quality of their implementations. The purpose of this work is to provide a qualitative and quantitative comparison among three of the most popular and most comprehensive DL frameworks (namely Google&#39;s TensorFlow, University of Montreal&#39;s Theano and Microsoft&#39;s CNTK). The ultimate goal of this work is to help end users make an informed decision about the best DL framework that suits their needs and resources. To ensure that our study is as comprehensive as possible, we conduct several experiments using multiple benchmark datasets from different fields (image processing, NLP, etc.) and measure the performance of the frameworks&#39; implementations of different DL algorithms. For most of our experiments, we find out that CNTK&#39;s implementations are superior to the other ones under consideration. 
### 38.Neuromodulated Goal-Driven Perception in Uncertain Domains  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00068.pdf)
>  In uncertain domains, the goals are often unknown and need to be predicted by the organism or system. In this paper, contrastive excitation backprop (c-EB) was used in a goal-driven perception task with pairs of noisy MNIST digits, where the system had to increase attention to one of the two digits corresponding to a goal (i.e., even, odd, low value, or high value) and decrease attention to the distractor digit or noisy background pixels. Because the valid goal was unknown, an online learning model based on the cholinergic and noradrenergic neuromodulatory systems was used to predict a noisy goal (expected uncertainty) and re-adapt when the goal changed (unexpected uncertainty). This neurobiologically plausible model demonstrates how neuromodulatory systems can predict goals in uncertain domains and how attentional mechanisms can enhance the perception of that goal. 
### 39.Speeding up Deep Learning with Transient Servers  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.00045.pdf)
>  Distributed training frameworks, like TensorFlow, have been proposed as a means to reduce the training time of deep learning models by using a cluster of GPU servers. While such speedups are often desirable---e.g., for rapidly evaluating new model designs---they often come with significantly higher monetary costs due to sublinear scalability. In this paper, we investigate the feasibility of using training clusters composed of cheaper transient GPU servers to get the benefits of distributed training without the high costs. <br />We conduct the first large-scale empirical analysis, launching more than a thousand GPU servers of various capacities, aimed at understanding the characteristics of transient GPU servers and their impact on distributed training performance. Our study demonstrates the potential of transient servers with a speedup of 7.7X with more than 62.9% monetary savings for some cluster configurations. We also identify a number of important challenges and opportunities for redesigning distributed training frameworks to be transient-aware. For example, the dynamic cost and availability characteristics of transient servers suggest the need for frameworks to dynamically change cluster configurations to best take advantage of current conditions. 
