# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 27 Mar 2019
### 1.Optimising the Input Image to Improve Visual Relationship Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.11029.pdf)
>  Visual Relationship Detection is defined as, given an image composed of a subject and an object, the correct relation is predicted. To improve the visual part of this difficult problem, ten preprocessing methods were tested to determine whether the widely used Union method yields the optimal results. Therefore, focusing solely on predicate prediction, no object detection and linguistic knowledge were used to prevent them from affecting the comparison results. Once fine-tuned, the Visual Geometry Group models were evaluated using Recall@1, per-predicate recall, activation maximisations, class activation maps, and error analysis. From this research it was found that using preprocessing methods such as the Union-Without-Background-and-with-Binary-mask (Union-WB-and-B) method yields significantly better results than the widely used Union method since, as designed, it enables the Convolutional Neural Network to also identify the subject and object in the convolutional layers instead of solely in the fully-connected layers. 
### 2.Learning Accurate, Comfortable and Human-like Driving  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10995.pdf)
>  Autonomous vehicles are more likely to be accepted if they drive accurately, comfortably, but also similar to how human drivers would. This is especially true when autonomous and human-driven vehicles need to share the same road. The main research focus thus far, however, is still on improving driving accuracy only. This paper formalizes the three concerns with the aim of accurate, comfortable and human-like driving. Three contributions are made in this paper. First, numerical map data from HERE Technologies are employed for more accurate driving; a set of map features which are believed to be relevant to driving are engineered to navigate better. Second, the learning procedure is improved from a pointwise prediction to a sequence-based prediction and passengers&#39; comfort measures are embedded into the learning algorithm. Finally, we take advantage of the advances in adversary learning to learn human-like driving; specifically, the standard L1 or L2 loss is augmented by an adversary loss which is based on a discriminator trained to distinguish between human driving and machine driving. Our model is trained and evaluated on the Drive360 dataset, which features 60 hours and 3000 km of real-world driving data. Extensive experiments show that our driving model is more accurate, more comfortable and behaves more like a human driver than previous methods. The resources of this work will be released on the project page. 
### 3.DetNAS: Neural Architecture Search on Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10979.pdf)
>  Object detectors are usually equipped with networks designed for image classification as backbones, e.g., ResNet. Although it is publicly known that there is a gap between the task of image classification and object detection, designing a suitable detector backbone is still manually exhaustive. In this paper, we propose DetNAS to automatically search neural architectures for the backbones of object detectors. In DetNAS, the search space is formulated into a supernet and the search method relies on evolution algorithm (EA). In experiments, we show the effectiveness of DetNAS on various detectors, the one-stage detector, RetinaNet, and the two-stage detector, FPN. For each case, we search in both training from scratch scheme and ImageNet pre-training scheme. There is a consistent superiority compared to the architectures searched on ImageNet classification. Our main result architecture achieves better performance than ResNet-101 on COCO with the FPN detector. In addition, we illustrate the architectures searched by DetNAS and find some meaningful patterns. 
### 4.Verification of Very Low-Resolution Faces Using An Identity-Preserving Deep Face Super-Resolution Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10974.pdf)
>  Face super-resolution methods usually aim at producing visually appealing results rather than preserving distinctive features for further face identification. In this work, we propose a deep learning method for face verification on very low-resolution face images that involves identity-preserving face super-resolution. Our framework includes a super-resolution network and a feature extraction network. We train a VGG-based deep face recognition network (Parkhi et al. 2015) to be used as feature extractor. Our super-resolution network is trained to minimize the feature distance between the high resolution ground truth image and the super-resolved image, where features are extracted using our pre-trained feature extraction network. We carry out experiments on FRGC, Multi-PIE, LFW-a, and MegaFace datasets to evaluate our method in controlled and uncontrolled settings. The results show that the presented method outperforms conventional super-resolution methods in low-resolution face verification. 
### 5.GS3D: An Efficient 3D Object Detection Framework for Autonomous Driving  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10955.pdf)
>  We present an efficient 3D object detection framework based on a single RGB image in the scenario of autonomous driving. Our efforts are put on extracting the underlying 3D information in a 2D image and determining the accurate 3D bounding box of the object without point cloud or stereo data. Leveraging the off-the-shelf 2D object detector, we propose an artful approach to efficiently obtain a coarse cuboid for each predicted 2D box. The coarse cuboid has enough accuracy to guide us to determine the 3D box of the object by refinement. In contrast to previous state-of-the-art methods that only use the features extracted from the 2D bounding box for box refinement, we explore the 3D structure information of the object by employing the visual features of visible surfaces. The new features from surfaces are utilized to eliminate the problem of representation ambiguity brought by only using a 2D bounding box. Moreover, we investigate different methods of 3D box refinement and discover that a classification formulation with quality aware loss has much better performance than regression. Evaluated on the KITTI benchmark, our approach outperforms current state-of-the-art methods for single RGB image based 3D object detection. 
### 6.Exploring Confidence Measures for Word Spotting in Heterogeneous Datasets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10930.pdf)
>  In recent years, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) took over the field of document analysis and they became the predominant model for word spotting. Especially attribute CNNs, which learn the mapping between a word image and an attribute representation, showed exceptional performances. The drawback of this approach is the overconfidence of neural networks when used out of their training distribution. In this paper, we explore different metrics for quantifying the confidence of a CNN in its predictions, specifically on the retrieval problem of word spotting. With these confidence measures, we limit the inability of a retrieval list to reject certain candidates. We investigate four different approaches that are either based on the network&#39;s attribute estimations or make use of a surrogate model. Our approach also aims at answering the question for which part of a dataset the retrieval system gives reliable results. We further show that there exists a direct relation between the proposed confidence measures and the quality of an estimated attribute representation. 
### 7.TAPA-MVS: Textureless-Aware PAtchMatch Multi-View Stereo  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10929.pdf)
>  One of the most successful approaches in Multi-View Stereo estimates a depth map and a normal map for each view via PatchMatch-based optimization and fuses them into a consistent 3D points cloud. This approach relies on photo-consistency to evaluate the goodness of a depth estimate. It generally produces very accurate results; however, the reconstructed model often lacks completeness, especially in correspondence of broad untextured areas where the photo-consistency metrics are unreliable. Assuming the untextured areas piecewise planar, in this paper we generate novel PatchMatch hypotheses so to expand reliable depth estimates in neighboring untextured regions. At the same time, we modify the photo-consistency measure such to favor standard or novel PatchMatch depth hypotheses depending on the textureness of the considered area. We also propose a depth refinement step to filter wrong estimates and to fill the gaps on both the depth maps and normal maps while preserving the discontinuities. The effectiveness of our new methods has been tested against several state of the art algorithms in the publicly available ETH3D dataset containing a wide variety of high and low-resolution images. 
### 8.High-Level Perceptual Similarity is Enabled by Learning Diverse Tasks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10920.pdf)
>  Predicting human perceptual similarity is a challenging subject of ongoing research. The visual process underlying this aspect of human vision is thought to employ multiple different levels of visual analysis (shapes, objects, texture, layout, color, etc). In this paper, we postulate that the perception of image similarity is not an explicitly learned capability, but rather one that is a byproduct of learning others. This claim is supported by leveraging representations learned from a diverse set of visual tasks and using them jointly to predict perceptual similarity. This is done via simple feature concatenation, without any further learning. Nevertheless, experiments performed on the challenging Totally-Looks-Like (TLL) benchmark significantly surpass recent baselines, closing much of the reported gap towards prediction of human perceptual similarity. We provide an analysis of these results and discuss them in a broader context of emergent visual capabilities and their implications on the course of machine-vision research. 
### 9.Learning Quadrangulated Patches For 3D Shape Processing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10885.pdf)
>  We propose a system for surface completion and inpainting of 3D shapes using generative models, learnt on local patches. Our method uses a novel encoding of height map based local patches parameterized using 3D mesh quadrangulation of the low resolution input shape. This provides us sufficient amount of local 3D patches to learn a generative model for the task of repairing moderate sized holes. Following the ideas from the recent progress in 2D inpainting, we investigated both linear dictionary based model and convolutional denoising autoencoders based model for the task for inpainting, and show our results to be better than the previous geometry based method of surface inpainting. We validate our method on both synthetic shapes and real world scans. 
### 10.Generalized Feedback Loop for Joint Hand-Object Pose Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10883.pdf)
>  We propose an approach to estimating the 3D pose of a hand, possibly handling an object, given a depth image. We show that we can correct the mistakes made by a Convolutional Neural Network trained to predict an estimate of the 3D pose by using a feedback loop. The components of this feedback loop are also Deep Networks, optimized using training data. This approach can be generalized to a hand interacting with an object. Therefore, we jointly estimate the 3D pose of the hand and the 3D pose of the object. Our approach performs en-par with state-of-the-art methods for 3D hand pose estimation, and outperforms state-of-the-art methods for joint hand-object pose estimation when using depth images only. Also, our approach is efficient as our implementation runs in real-time on a single GPU. 
### 11.Photo-Realistic Facial Details Synthesis from Single Immage  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10873.pdf)
>  We present a single-image 3D face synthesis technique that can handle challenging facial expressions while recovering fine geometric details. Our technique employs expression analysis for proxy face geometry generation and combines supervised and unsupervised learning for facial detail synthesis. On proxy generation, we conduct emotion prediction to determine a new expression-informed proxy. On detail synthesis, we present a Deep Facial Detail Net (DFDN) based on Conditional Generative Adversarial Net (CGAN) that employs both geometry and appearance loss functions. For geometry, we capture 366 high-quality 3D scans from 122 different subjects under 3 facial expressions. For appearance, we use additional 20K in-the-wild face images and apply image-based rendering to accommodate lighting variations. Comprehensive experiments demonstrate that our framework can produce high-quality 3D faces with realistic details under challenging facial expressions. 
### 12.V2CNet: A Deep Learning Framework to Translate Videos to Commands for Robotic Manipulation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10869.pdf)
>  We propose V2CNet, a new deep learning framework to automatically translate the demonstration videos to commands that can be directly used in robotic applications. Our V2CNet has two branches and aims at understanding the demonstration video in a fine-grained manner. The first branch has the encoder-decoder architecture to encode the visual features and sequentially generate the output words as a command, while the second branch uses a Temporal Convolutional Network (TCN) to learn the fine-grained actions. By jointly training both branches, the network is able to model the sequential information of the command, while effectively encodes the fine-grained actions. The experimental results on our new large-scale dataset show that V2CNet outperforms recent state-of-the-art methods by a substantial margin, while its output can be applied in real robotic applications. The source code and trained models will be made available. 
### 13.AVT: Unsupervised Learning of Transformation Equivariant Representations by Autoencoding Variational Transformations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10863.pdf)
>  The learning of Transformation-Equivariant Representations (TERs), which is introduced by Hinton et al. \cite{hinton2011transforming}, has been considered as a principle to reveal visual structures under various transformations. It contains the celebrated Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) as a special case that only equivary to the translations. In contrast, we seek to train TERs for a generic class of transformations and train them in an {\em unsupervised} fashion. To this end, we present a novel principled method by Autoencoding Variational Transformations (AVT), compared with the conventional approach to autoencoding data. Formally, given transformed images, the AVT seeks to train the networks by maximizing the mutual information between the transformations and representations. This ensures the resultant TERs of individual images contain the {\em intrinsic} information about their visual structures that would equivary {\em extricably} under various transformations. Technically, we show that the resultant optimization problem can be efficiently solved by maximizing a variational lower-bound of the mutual information. This variational approach introduces a transformation decoder to approximate the intractable posterior of transformations, resulting in an autoencoding architecture with a pair of the representation encoder and the transformation decoder. Experiments demonstrate the proposed AVT model sets a new record for the performances on unsupervised tasks, greatly closing the performance gap to the supervised models. 
### 14.Personal Privacy Filtering via Face Pixelation in Live Video Streaming  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10836.pdf)
>  Face pixelation in TV shows or videos is manually realized and not well studied to date. As the prevailing of online video streaming, we develop a new tool called face pixelation in live-streaming (FPLV) to generate automatic personal privacy filtering during unconstrained streaming. FPLV is organized in a frame-to-video structure for fast and accurate face pixelation of irrelevant people. Leveraging image-based face detection and recognition networks on individual frames, we propose a positioned incremental affinity propagation (PIAP) clustering algorithm to associate faces across frames. Through deep feature and position aggregated affinities, PIAP handles the cluster number generation, new cluster discovering, and faces&#39; raw trajectories forming simultaneously. Affected by various factors, raw trajectories might be intermittent and unreliable. Hence, we introduce a proposal net for loosed face detection with an empirical likelihood test to compensate the deep network insufficiency and refine the raw trajectories. A Gaussian filter is laid on refined trajectories for final pixelation. FPLV obtains satisfying accuracy and real-time performances under streaming video data we collected. 
### 15.Attention Based Glaucoma Detection: A Large-scale Database and CNN Model  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10831.pdf)
>  Recently, the attention mechanism has been successfully applied in convolutional neural networks (CNNs), significantly boosting the performance of many computer vision tasks. Unfortunately, few medical image recognition approaches incorporate the attention mechanism in the CNNs. In particular, there exists high redundancy in fundus images for glaucoma detection, such that the attention mechanism has potential in improving the performance of CNN-based glaucoma detection. This paper proposes an attention-based CNN for glaucoma detection (AG-CNN). Specifically, we first establish a large-scale attention based glaucoma (LAG) database, which includes 5,824 fundus images labeled with either positive glaucoma (2,392) or negative glaucoma (3,432). The attention maps of the ophthalmologists are also collected in LAG database through a simulated eye-tracking experiment. Then, a new structure of AG-CNN is designed, including an attention prediction subnet, a pathological area localization subnet and a glaucoma classification subnet. Different from other attention-based CNN methods, the features are also visualized as the localized pathological area, which can advance the performance of glaucoma detection. Finally, the experiment results show that the proposed AG-CNN approach significantly advances state-of-the-art glaucoma detection. 
### 16.Large-scale interactive object segmentation with human annotators  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10830.pdf)
>  Manually annotating object segmentation masks is very time consuming. Interactive object segmentation methods offer a more efficient alternative where a human annotator and a machine segmentation model collaborate. In this paper we make several contributions to interactive segmentation: (1) we systematically explore in simulation the design space of deep interactive segmentations models and report new insights and caveats; (2) we execute a large-scale annotation campaign with real human annotators, producing masks for 2.5M new instances on the OpenImages dataset. We plan to release this data, which forms the largest existing dataset for instance segmentation. Moreover, by re-annotating part of the COCO dataset, we show that we can produce instance masks 3 times faster than traditional polygon drawing tools at comparable quality. (3) We present a technique for automatically estimating the quality of the produced masks which exploits indirect signals from the annotation process. 
### 17.SRM : A Style-based Recalibration Module for Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10829.pdf)
>  Following the advance of style transfer with Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), the role of styles in CNNs has drawn growing attention from a broader perspective. In this paper, we aim to fully leverage the potential of styles to improve the performance of CNNs in general vision tasks. We propose a Style-based Recalibration Module (SRM), a simple yet effective architectural unit, which adaptively recalibrates intermediate feature maps by exploiting their styles. SRM first extracts the style information from each channel of the feature maps by style pooling, then estimates per-channel recalibration weight via channel-independent style integration. By incorporating the relative importance of individual styles into feature maps, SRM effectively enhances the representational ability of a CNN. The proposed module is directly fed into existing CNN architectures with negligible overhead. We conduct comprehensive experiments on general image recognition as well as tasks related to styles, which verify the benefit of SRM over recent approaches such as Squeeze-and-Excitation (SE). To explain the inherent difference between SRM and SE, we provide an in-depth comparison of their representational properties. 
### 18.Micro-expression detection in long videos using optical flow and recurrent neural networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10765.pdf)
>  Facial micro-expressions are subtle and involuntary expressions that can reveal concealed emotions. Micro-expressions are an invaluable source of information in application domains such as lie detection, mental health, sentiment analysis and more. One of the biggest challenges in this field of research is the small amount of available spontaneous micro-expression data. However, spontaneous data collection is burdened by time-consuming and expensive annotation. Hence, methods are needed which can reduce the amount of data that annotators have to review. This paper presents a novel micro-expression spotting method using a recurrent neural network (RNN) on optical flow features. We extract Histogram of Oriented Optical Flow (HOOF) features to encode the temporal changes in selected face regions. Finally, the RNN spots short intervals which are likely to contain occurrences of relevant facial micro-movements. The proposed method is evaluated on the SAMM database. Any chance of subject bias is eliminated by training the RNN using Leave-One-Subject-Out cross-validation. Comparing the spotted intervals with the labeled data shows that the method produced 1569 false positives while obtaining a recall of 0.4654. The initial results show that the proposed method would reduce the video length by a factor of 3.5, while still retaining almost half of the relevant micro-movements. Lastly, as the model gets more data, it becomes better at detecting intervals, which makes the proposed method suitable for supporting the annotation process. 
### 19.Veritatem Dies Aperit- Temporally Consistent Depth Prediction Enabled by a Multi-Task Geometric and Semantic Scene Understanding Approach  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10764.pdf)
>  Robust geometric and semantic scene understanding is ever more important in many real-world applications such as autonomous driving and robotic navigation. In this paper, we propose a multi-task learning-based approach capable of jointly performing geometric and semantic scene understanding, namely depth prediction (monocular depth estimation and depth completion) and semantic scene segmentation. Within a single temporally constrained recurrent network, our approach uniquely takes advantage of a complex series of skip connections, adversarial training and the temporal constraint of sequential frame recurrence to produce consistent depth and semantic class labels simultaneously. Extensive experimental evaluation demonstrates the efficacy of our approach compared to other contemporary state-of-the-art techniques. 
### 20.Learning Where to See: A Novel Attention Model for Automated Immunohistochemical Scoring  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10762.pdf)
>  Estimating over-amplification of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) on invasive breast cancer (BC) is regarded as a significant predictive and prognostic marker. We propose a novel deep reinforcement learning (DRL) based model that treats immunohistochemical (IHC) scoring of HER2 as a sequential learning task. For a given image tile sampled from multi-resolution giga-pixel whole slide image (WSI), the model learns to sequentially identify some of the diagnostically relevant regions of interest (ROIs) by following a parameterized policy. The selected ROIs are processed by recurrent and residual convolution networks to learn the discriminative features for different HER2 scores and predict the next location, without requiring to process all the sub-image patches of a given tile for predicting the HER2 score, mimicking the histopathologist who would not usually analyze every part of the slide at the highest magnification. The proposed model incorporates a task-specific regularization term and inhibition of return mechanism to prevent the model from revisiting the previously attended locations. We evaluated our model on two IHC datasets: a publicly available dataset from the HER2 scoring challenge contest and another dataset consisting of WSIs of gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumor sections stained with Glo1 marker. We demonstrate that the proposed model outperforms other methods based on state-of-the-art deep convolutional networks. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study using DRL for IHC scoring and could potentially lead to wider use of DRL in the domain of computational pathology reducing the computational burden of the analysis of large multigigapixel histology images. 
### 21.FVNet: 3D Front-View Proposal Generation for Real-Time Object Detection from Point Clouds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10750.pdf)
>  3D object detection from raw and sparse point clouds has been far less treated to date, compared with its 2D counterpart. In this paper, we propose a novel framework called FVNet for 3D front-view proposal generation and object detection from point clouds. It consists of two stages: generation of front-view proposals and estimation of 3D bounding box parameters. Instead of generating proposals from camera images or bird&#39;s-eye-view maps, we first project point clouds onto a cylindrical surface to generate front-view feature maps which retains rich information. We then introduce a proposal generation network to predict 3D region proposals from the generated maps and further extrude objects of interest from the whole point cloud. Finally, we present another network to extract the point-wise features from the extruded object points and regress the final 3D bounding box parameters in the canonical coordinates. Our framework achieves real-time performance with 12ms per point cloud sample. Extensive experiments on the 3D detection benchmark KITTI show that the proposed architecture outperforms state-of-the-art techniques which take either camera images or point clouds as input, in terms of accuracy and inference time. 
### 22.Trait of Gait: A Survey on Gait Biometrics  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10744.pdf)
>  Gait analysis is the study of the systematic methods that assess and quantify animal locomotion. The research on gait analysis has considerably evolved through time. It was an ancient art, and it still finds its application today in modern science and medicine. This paper describes how one&#39;s gait can be used as a biometric. It shall diversely cover salient research done within the field and explain the nuances and advances in each type of gait analysis. The prominent methods of gait recognition from the early era to the state of the art are covered. This survey also reviews the various gait datasets. The overall aim of this study is to provide a concise roadmap for anyone who wishes to do research in the field of gait biometrics. 
### 23.Mask-ShadowGAN: Learning to Remove Shadows from Unpaired Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10683.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new method for shadow removal using unpaired data, enabling us to avoid tedious annotations and obtain more diverse training samples. However, directly employing adversarial learning and cycle-consistency constraints is insufficient to learn the underlying relationship between the shadow and shadow-free domains, since the mapping between shadow and shadow-free images is not simply one-to-one. To address the problem, we formulate Mask-ShadowGAN, a new deep framework that automatically learns to produce a shadow mask from the input shadow image and then takes the mask to guide the shadow generation via re-formulated cycle-consistency constraints. Particularly, the framework simultaneously learns to produce shadow masks and learns to remove shadows, to maximize the overall performance. Also, we prepared an unpaired dataset for shadow removal and demonstrated the effectiveness of Mask-ShadowGAN on various experiments, even it was trained on unpaired data. 
### 24.Kernel-Free Image Deblurring with a Pair of Blurred/Noisy Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10667.pdf)
>  Complex blur like the mixup of space-variant and space-invariant blur, which is hard to be modeled mathematically, widely exists in real images. In the real world, a common type of blur occurs when capturing images in low-light environments. In this paper, we propose a novel image deblurring method that does not need to estimate blur kernels. We utilize a pair of images which can be easily acquired in low-light situations: (1) a blurred image taken with low shutter speed and low ISO noise, and (2) a noisy image captured with high shutter speed and high ISO noise. Specifically, the blurred image is first sliced into patches, and we extend the Gaussian mixture model (GMM) to model the underlying intensity distribution of each patch using the corresponding patches in the noisy image. We compute patch correspondences by analyzing the optical flow between the two images. The Expectation-Maximization (EM) algorithm is utilized to estimate the involved parameters in the GMM. To preserve sharp features, we add an additional bilateral term to the objective function in the M-step. We eventually add a detail layer to the deblurred image for refinement. Extensive experiments on both synthetic and real-world data demonstrate that our method outperforms state-of-the-art techniques, in terms of robustness, visual quality and quantitative metrics. We will make our dataset and source code publicly available. 
### 25.Combination of Multiple Global Descriptors for Image Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10663.pdf)
>  Recent studies in image retrieval task have shown that ensembling different models and combining multiple global descriptors lead to performance improvement. However, training different models for ensemble is not only difficult but also inefficient with respect to time or memory. In this paper, we propose a novel framework that exploits multiple global descriptors to get an ensemble-like effect while it can be trained in an end-to-end manner. The proposed framework is flexible and expandable by the global descriptor, CNN backbone, loss, and dataset. Moreover, we investigate the effectiveness of combining multiple global descriptors with quantitative and qualitative analysis. Our extensive experiments show that the combined descriptor outperforms a single global descriptor, as it can utilize different types of feature properties. In the benchmark evaluation, the proposed framework achieves the state-of-the-art performance on the CARS196, CUB200-2011, In-shop Clothes and Stanford Online Products on image retrieval tasks by a large margin compared to competing approaches. 
### 26.Semantic Alignment: Finding Semantically Consistent Ground-truth for Facial Landmark Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10661.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning based facial landmark detection has achieved great success. Despite this, we notice that the semantic ambiguity greatly degrades the detection performance. Specifically, the semantic ambiguity means that some landmarks (e.g. those evenly distributed along the face contour) do not have clear and accurate definition, causing inconsistent annotations by annotators. Accordingly, these inconsistent annotations, which are usually provided by public databases, commonly work as the ground-truth to supervise network training, leading to the degraded accuracy. To our knowledge, little research has investigated this problem. In this paper, we propose a novel probabilistic model which introduces a latent variable, i.e. the &#39;real&#39; ground-truth which is semantically consistent, to optimize. This framework couples two parts (1) training landmark detection CNN and (2) searching the &#39;real&#39; ground-truth. These two parts are alternatively optimized: the searched &#39;real&#39; ground-truth supervises the CNN training; and the trained CNN assists the searching of &#39;real&#39; ground-truth. In addition, to recover the unconfidently predicted landmarks due to occlusion and low quality, we propose a global heatmap correction unit (GHCU) to correct outliers by considering the global face shape as a constraint. Extensive experiments on both image-based (300W and AFLW) and video-based (300-VW) databases demonstrate that our method effectively improves the landmark detection accuracy and achieves the state of the art performance. 
### 27.Unpaired Image Captioning via Scene Graph Alignments  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10658.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have achieved great success on the image captioning task. However, most of the existing models depend heavily on paired image-sentence datasets, which are very expensive to acquire in most real-world scenarios. In this paper, we propose a scene graph based approach for unpaired image captioning. Our method merely requires an image set, a sentence corpus, an image scene graph generator, and a sentence scene graph generator. The sentence corpus is used to teach the decoder how to generate meaningful sentences from a scene graph. To further encourage the generated captions to be semantically consistent with the image, we employ adversarial learning to align the visual scene graph to the textual scene graph. Experimental results show that our proposed model can generate quite promising results without using any image-caption training pairs, outperforming existing methods by a wide margin. 
### 28.A Probabilistic Bitwise Genetic Algorithm for B-Spline based Image Deformation Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10657.pdf)
>  We propose a novel genetic algorithm to solve the image deformation estimation problem by preserving the genetic diversity. As a classical problem, there is always a trade-off between the complexity of deformation models and the difficulty of parameters search in image deformation. 2D cubic B-spline surface is a highly free-form deformation model and is able to handle complex deformations such as fluid image distortions. However, it is challenging to estimate an apposite global solution. To tackle this problem, we develop a genetic operation named probabilistic bitwise operation (PBO) to replace the crossover and mutation operations, which can preserve the diversity during generation iteration and achieve better coverage ratio of the solution space. Furthermore, a selection strategy named annealing selection is proposed to control the convergence. Qualitative and quantitative results on synthetic data show the effectiveness of our method. 
### 29.An Alarm System For Segmentation Algorithm Based On Shape Model  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10645.pdf)
>  It is usually hard for a learning system to predict correctly on rare events that never occur in the training data, and there is no exception for segmentation algorithms. Meanwhile, manual inspection of each case to locate the failures becomes infeasible due to the trend of large data scale and limited human resource.Therefore, we build an alarm system that will set off alerts when the segmentation result is possibly unsatisfactory, assuming no corresponding ground truth mask is provided. One plausible solution is to project the segmentation results into a low dimensional feature space; then learn classifiers/regressors to predict their qualities. Motivated by this, in this paper, we learn a feature space using the shape information which is a strong prior shared among different datasets and robust to the appearance variation of input data.The shape feature is captured using a Variational Auto-Encoder (VAE) network that trained with only the ground truth masks. During testing, the segmentation results with bad shapes shall not fit the shape prior well, resulting in large loss values. Thus, the VAE is able to evaluate the quality of segmentation result on unseen data, without using ground truth. Finally, we learn a regressor in the one-dimensional feature space to predict the qualities of segmentation results. Our alarm system is evaluated on several recent state-of-art segmentation algorithms for 3D medical segmentation tasks. Compared with other standard quality assessment methods, our system consistently provides more reliable prediction on the qualities of segmentation results. 
### 30.INFER: INtermediate representations for FuturE pRediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10641.pdf)
>  In urban driving scenarios, forecasting future trajectories of surrounding vehicles is of paramount importance. While several approaches for the problem have been proposed, the best-performing ones tend to require extremely detailed input representations (eg. image sequences). But, such methods do not generalize to datasets they have not been trained on. We propose intermediate representations that are particularly well-suited for future prediction. As opposed to using texture (color) information, we rely on semantics and train an autoregressive model to accurately predict future trajectories of traffic participants (vehicles) (see fig. above). We demonstrate that using semantics provides a significant boost over techniques that operate over raw pixel intensities/disparities. Uncharacteristic of state-of-the-art approaches, our representations and models generalize to completely different datasets, collected across several cities, and also across countries where people drive on opposite sides of the road (left-handed vs right-handed driving). Additionally, we demonstrate an application of our approach in multi-object tracking (data association). To foster further research in transferrable representations and ensure reproducibility, we release all our code and data. 
### 31.An Approach for Adaptive Automatic Threat Recognition Within 3D Computed Tomography Images for Baggage Security Screening  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10604.pdf)
>  The screening of baggage using X-ray scanners is now routine in aviation security with automatic threat detection approaches, based on 3D X-ray computed tomography (CT) images, known as Automatic Threat Recognition (ATR) within the aviation security industry. These current strategies use pre-defined threat material signatures in contrast to adaptability towards new and emerging threat signatures. To address issue, the concept of adaptive automatic threat recognition (AATR) was proposed in previous work by \cite{to7}. In this paper, we present a solution to AATR based on such X-ray CT baggage scan imagery. This aims to address the issues of rapidly evolving threat signatures within the screening requirements. Ideally, the detection algorithms deployed within the security scanners should be readily adaptable to different situations with varying requirements of threat characteristics (e.g., threat material, physical properties of objects). We tackle this issue using a novel adaptive machine learning methodology with our solution consisting of a multi-scale 3D CT image segmentation algorithm, a multi-class support vector machine (SVM) classifier for object material recognition and a strategy to enable the adaptability of our approach. Experiments are conducted on both open and sequestered 3D CT baggage image datasets specifically collected for the AATR study. Our proposed approach performs well on both recognition and adaptation. Overall our approach can achieve the probability of detection around 90\% with a probability of false alarm below 20\%. Our AATR shows the capabilities of adapting to varying types of materials, even the unknown materials which are not available in the training data, adapting to varying required probability of detection and adapting to varying scales of the threat object. 
### 32.Unifying Unsupervised Domain Adaptation and Zero-Shot Visual Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10601.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation aims to transfer knowledge from a source domain to a target domain so that the target domain data can be recognized without any explicit labelling information for this domain. One limitation of the problem setting is that testing data, despite having no labels, from the target domain is needed during training, which prevents the trained model being directly applied to classify unseen test instances. We formulate a new cross-domain classification problem arising from real-world scenarios where labelled data is available for a subset of classes (known classes) in the target domain, and we expect to recognize new samples belonging to any class (known and unseen classes) once the model is learned. This is a generalized zero-shot learning problem where the side information comes from the source domain in the form of labelled samples instead of class-level semantic representations commonly used in traditional zero-shot learning. We present a unified domain adaptation framework for both unsupervised and zero-shot learning conditions. Our approach learns a joint subspace from source and target domains so that the projections of both data in the subspace can be domain invariant and easily separable. We use the supervised locality preserving projection (SLPP) as the enabling technique and conduct experiments under both unsupervised and zero-shot learning conditions, achieving state-of-the-art results on three domain adaptation benchmark datasets: Office-Caltech, Office31 and Office-Home. 
### 33.Deep Learning for Localization in the Lung  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10554.pdf)
>  Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related death worldwide, and early diagnosis is critical to improving patient outcomes. To diagnose cancer, a highly trained pulmonologist must navigate a flexible bronchoscope deep into the branched structure of the lung for biopsy. The biopsy fails to sample the target tissue in 26-33% of cases largely because of poor registration with the preoperative CT map. We developed two deep learning approaches to localize the bronchoscope in the preoperative CT map in real time and tested the algorithms across 13 trajectories in a lung phantom and 68 trajectories in 11 human cadaver lungs. In the lung phantom, we observe performance reaching 95% precision and recall of visible airways and 3 mm average position error. On a successful cadaver lung sequence, the algorithms trained on simulation alone achieved 77%-94% precision and recall of visible airways and 4-6 mm average position error. We also compare the effect of GAN-stylizing images and we look at aggregate statistics over the entire set of trajectories. 
### 34.Video Relationship Reasoning using Gated Spatio-Temporal Energy Graph  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10547.pdf)
>  Visual relationship reasoning is a crucial yet challenging task for understanding rich interactions across visual concepts. For example, a relationship &#39;man, open, door&#39; involves a complex relation &#39;open&#39; between concrete entities &#39;man, door&#39;. While much of the existing work has studied this problem in the context of still images, understanding visual relationships in videos has received limited attention. Due to their temporal nature, videos enable us to model and reason about a more comprehensive set of visual relationships, such as those requiring multiple (temporal) observations (e.g., &#39;man, lift up, box&#39; vs. &#39;man, put down, box&#39;), as well as relationships that are often correlated through time (e.g., &#39;woman, pay, money&#39; followed by &#39;woman, buy, coffee&#39;). In this paper, we construct a Conditional Random Field on a fully-connected spatio-temporal graph that exploits the statistical dependency between relational entities spatially and temporally. We introduce a novel gated energy function parametrization that learns adaptive relations conditioned on visual observations. Our model optimization is computationally efficient, and its space computation complexity is significantly amortized through our proposed parameterization. Experimental results on benchmark video datasets (ImageNet Video and Charades) demonstrate state-of-the-art performance across three standard relationship reasoning tasks: Detection, Tagging, and Recognition. 
### 35.Learning Monocular Visual Odometry through Geometry-Aware Curriculum Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10543.pdf)
>  Inspired by the cognitive process of humans and animals, Curriculum Learning (CL) trains a model by gradually increasing the difficulty of the training data. In this paper, we study whether CL can be applied to complex geometry problems like estimating monocular Visual Odometry (VO). Unlike existing CL approaches, we present a novel CL strategy for learning the geometry of monocular VO by gradually making the learning objective more difficult during training. To this end, we propose a novel geometry-aware objective function by jointly optimizing relative and composite transformations over small windows via bounded pose regression loss. A cascade optical flow network followed by recurrent network with a differentiable windowed composition layer, termed CL-VO, is devised to learn the proposed objective. Evaluation on three real-world datasets shows superior performance of CL-VO over state-of-the-art feature-based and learning-based VO. 
### 36.Learning Embodied Semantics via Music and Dance Semiotic Correlations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10534.pdf)
>  Music semantics is embodied, in the sense that meaning is biologically mediated by and grounded in the human body and brain. This embodied cognition perspective also explains why music structures modulate kinetic and somatosensory perception. We leverage this aspect of cognition, by considering dance as a proxy for music perception, in a statistical computational model that learns semiotic correlations between music audio and dance video. We evaluate the ability of this model to effectively capture underlying semantics in a cross-modal retrieval task. Quantitative results, validated with statistical significance testing, strengthen the body of evidence for embodied cognition in music and show the model can recommend music audio for dance video queries and vice-versa. 
### 37.Weight Standardization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10520.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose Weight Standardization (WS) to accelerate deep network training. WS is targeted at the micro-batch training setting where each GPU typically has only 1-2 images for training. The micro-batch training setting is hard because small batch sizes are not enough for training networks with Batch Normalization (BN), while other normalization methods that do not rely on batch knowledge still have difficulty matching the performances of BN in large-batch training. Our WS ends this problem because when used with Group Normalization and trained with 1 image/GPU, WS is able to match or outperform the performances of BN trained with large batch sizes with only 2 more lines of code. In micro-batch training, WS significantly outperforms other normalization methods. WS achieves these superior results by standardizing the weights in the convolutional layers, which we show is able to smooth the loss landscape by reducing the Lipschitz constants of the loss and the gradients. The effectiveness of WS is verified on many tasks, including image classification, object detection, instance segmentation, video recognition, semantic segmentation, and point cloud recognition. The code is available here: <a href="https://github.com/joe-siyuan-qiao/WeightStandardization">this https URL</a>. 
### 38.Pixel-aware Deep Function-mixture Network for Spectral Super-Resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10501.pdf)
>  Spectral super-resolution (SSR) aims at generating a hyperspectral image (HSI) from a given RGB image. Recently, a promising direction for SSR is to learn a complicated mapping function from the RGB image to the HSI counterpart using a deep convolutional neural network. This essentially involves mapping the RGB context within a size-specific receptive field centered at each pixel to its spectrum in the HSI. The focus thereon is to appropriately determine the receptive field size and establish the mapping function from RGB context to the corresponding spectrum. Due to their differences in category or spatial position, pixels in HSIs often require different-sized receptive fields and distinct mapping functions. However, few efforts have been invested to explicitly exploit this prior. <br />To address this problem, we propose a pixel-aware deep function-mixture network for SSR, which is composed of a new class of modules, termed function-mixture (FM) blocks. Each FM block is equipped with some basis functions, i.e., parallel subnets of different-sized receptive fields. Besides, it incorporates an extra subnet as a mixing function to generate pixel-wise weights, and then linearly mixes the outputs of all basis functions with those generated weights. This enables us to pixel-wisely determine the receptive field size and the mapping function. Moreover, we stack several such FM blocks to further increase the flexibility of the network in learning the pixel-wise mapping. To encourage feature reuse, intermediate features generated by the FM blocks are fused in late stage, which proves to be effective for boosting the SSR performance. Experimental results on three benchmark HSI datasets demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method. 
### 39.nuScenes: A multimodal dataset for autonomous driving  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.11027.pdf)
>  Robust detection and tracking of objects is crucial for the deployment of autonomous vehicle technology. Image-based benchmark datasets have driven the development in computer vision tasks such as object detection, tracking and segmentation of agents in the environment. Most autonomous vehicles, however, carry a combination of cameras and range sensors such as lidar and radar. As machine learning based methods for detection and tracking become more prevalent, there is a need to train and evaluate such methods on datasets containing range sensor data along with images. In this work we present nuTonomy scenes (nuScenes), the first dataset to carry the full autonomous vehicle sensor suite: 6 cameras, 5 radars and 1 lidar, all with full 360 degree field of view. nuScenes comprises 1000 scenes, each 20s long and fully annotated with 3D bounding boxes for 23 classes and 8 attributes. It has 7x as many annotations and 100x as many images as the pioneering KITTI dataset. We also define a new metric for 3D detection which consolidates the multiple aspects of the detection task: classification, localization, size, orientation, velocity and attribute estimation. We provide careful dataset analysis as well as baseline performance for lidar and image based detection methods. Data, development kit, and more information are available at www.nuscenes.org. 
### 40.Domain Independent SVM for Transfer Learning in Brain Decoding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.11020.pdf)
>  Brain imaging data are important in brain sciences yet expensive to obtain, with big volume (i.e., large p) but small sample size (i.e., small n). To tackle this problem, transfer learning is a promising direction that leverages source data to improve performance on related, target data. Most transfer learning methods focus on minimizing data distribution mismatch. However, a big challenge in brain imaging is the large domain discrepancies in cognitive experiment designs and subject-specific structures and functions. A recent transfer learning approach minimizes domain dependence to learn common features across domains, via the Hilbert-Schmidt Independence Criterion (HSIC). Inspired by this method, we propose a new Domain Independent Support Vector Machine (DI-SVM) for transfer learning in brain condition decoding. Specifically, DI-SVM simultaneously minimizes the SVM empirical risk and the dependence on domain information via a simplified HSIC. We use public data to construct 13 transfer learning tasks in brain decoding, including three interesting multi-source transfer tasks. Experiments show that DI-SVM&#39;s superior performance over eight competing methods on these tasks, particularly an improvement of more than 24% on multi-source transfer tasks. 
### 41.Reconstruction of r-Regular Objects from Trinary Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10942.pdf)
>  We study digital images of r-regular objects where a pixel is black if it is completely inside the object, white if it is completely inside the complement of the object, and grey otherwise. We call such images trinary. We discuss possible configurations of pixels in trinary images of r-regular objects at certain resolutions and propose a method for reconstructing objects from such images. We show that the reconstructed object is close to the original object in Hausdorff norm, and that there is a homeomorphism of the plane taking the reconstructed set to the original. 
### 42.A geometry-inspired decision-based attack  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10826.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have recently achieved tremendous success in image classification. Recent studies have however shown that they are easily misled into incorrect classification decisions by adversarial examples. Adversaries can even craft attacks by querying the model in black-box settings, where no information about the model is released except its final decision. Such decision-based attacks usually require lots of queries, while real-world image recognition systems might actually restrict the number of queries. In this paper, we propose qFool, a novel decision-based attack algorithm that can generate adversarial examples using a small number of queries. The qFool method can drastically reduce the number of queries compared to previous decision-based attacks while reaching the same quality of adversarial examples. We also enhance our method by constraining adversarial perturbations in low-frequency subspace, which can make qFool even more computationally efficient. Altogether, we manage to fool commercial image recognition systems with a small number of queries, which demonstrates the actual effectiveness of our new algorithm in practice. 
### 43.Reducing the Dilution: analysis of the information sensitiveness of capsule network and one practical solution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10588.pdf)
>  Capsule network has shown various advantages over convolutional neural network (CNN). It keeps more precise spatial information than CNN and uses equivariance instead of invariance during inference and highly potential to be a new effective tool for visual tasks. However, the current capsule networks have incompatible performance with CNN when facing datasets with background and complex target objects and are lacking in universal and efficient regularization method. We analyze the main reason of the incompatible performance as the conflict between information sensitiveness of capsule network and unreasonably higher activation value distribution of capsules in primary capsule layer. Correspondingly, we propose sparsified capsule network by sparsifying and restraining the activation value of capsules in primary capsule layer to suppress non-informative capsules and highlight discriminative capsules. In the experiments, the sparsified capsule network has achieved better performances on various mainstream datasets. In addition, the proposed sparsifying methods can be seen as a suitable, simple and efficient regularization method that can be generally used in capsule network. 
### 44.Augmenting Gastrointestinal Health: A Deep Learning Approach to Human Stool Recognition and Characterization in Macroscopic Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.10578.pdf)
>  Purpose - Functional bowel diseases, including irritable bowel syndrome, chronic constipation, and chronic diarrhea, are some of the most common diseases seen in clinical practice. Many patients describe a range of triggers for altered bowel consistency and symptoms. However, characterization of the relationship between symptom triggers using bowel diaries is hampered by poor compliance and lack of objective stool consistency measurements. We sought to develop a stool detection and tracking system using computer vision and deep convolutional neural networks (CNN) that could be used by patients, providers, and researchers in the assessment of chronic gastrointestinal (GI) disease. 
