# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 19 Mar 2019
### 1.Learning Correspondence from the Cycle-Consistency of Time  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07593.pdf)
>  We introduce a self-supervised method for learning visual correspondence from unlabeled video. The main idea is to use cycle-consistency in time as free supervisory signal for learning visual representations from scratch. At training time, our model learns a feature map representation to be useful for performing cycle-consistent tracking. At test time, we use the acquired representation to find nearest neighbors across space and time. We demonstrate the generalizability of the representation -- without finetuning -- across a range of visual correspondence tasks, including video object segmentation, keypoint tracking, and optical flow. Our approach outperforms previous self-supervised methods and performs competitively with strongly supervised methods. 
### 2.Human Activity Recognition for Edge Devices  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07563.pdf)
>  Video activity Recognition has recently gained a lot of momentum with the release of massive Kinetics (400 and 600) data. Architectures such as I3D and C3D networks have shown state-of-the-art performances for activity recognition. The one major pitfall with these state-of-the-art networks is that they require a lot of compute. In this paper we explore how we can achieve comparable results to these state-of-the-art networks for devices-on-edge. We primarily explore two architectures - I3D and Temporal Segment Network. We show that comparable results can be achieved using one tenth the memory usage by changing the testing procedure. We also report our results on Resnet architecture as our backbone apart from the original Inception architecture. Specifically, we achieve 84.54\% top-1 accuracy on UCF-101 dataset using only RGB frames. 
### 3.Visual Cue Integration for Small Target Motion Detection in Natural Cluttered Backgrounds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07546.pdf)
>  The robust detection of small targets against cluttered background is important for future artificial visual systems in searching and tracking applications. The insects&#39; visual systems have demonstrated excellent ability to avoid predators, find prey or identify conspecifics - which always appear as small dim speckles in the visual field. Build a computational model of the insects&#39; visual pathways could provide effective solutions to detect small moving targets. Although a few visual system models have been proposed, they only make use of small-field visual features for motion detection and their detection results often contain a number of false positives. To address this issue, we develop a new visual system model for small target motion detection against cluttered moving backgrounds. Compared to the existing models, the small-field and wide-field visual features are separately extracted by two motion-sensitive neurons to detect small target motion and background motion. These two types of motion information are further integrated to filter out false positives. Extensive experiments showed that the proposed model can outperform the existing models in terms of detection rates. 
### 4.PZnet: Efficient 3D ConvNet Inference on Manycore CPUs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07525.pdf)
>  Convolutional nets have been shown to achieve state-of-the-art accuracy in many biomedical image analysis tasks. Many tasks within biomedical analysis domain involve analyzing volumetric (3D) data acquired by CT, MRI and Microscopy acquisition methods. To deploy convolutional nets in practical working systems, it is important to solve the efficient inference problem. Namely, one should be able to apply an already-trained convolutional network to many large images using limited computational resources. In this paper we present PZnet, a CPU-only engine that can be used to perform inference for a variety of 3D convolutional net architectures. PZNet outperforms MKL-based CPU implementations of PyTorch and Tensorflow by more than 3.5x for the popular U-net architecture. Moreover, for 3D convolutions with low featuremap numbers, cloud CPU inference with PZnet outperfroms cloud GPU inference in terms of cost efficiency. 
### 5.EV-IMO: Motion Segmentation Dataset and Learning Pipeline for Event Cameras  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07520.pdf)
>  We present the first event-based learning approach for motion segmentation in indoor scenes and the first event-based dataset - EV-IMO - which includes accurate pixel-wise motion masks, egomotion and ground truth depth. Our approach is based on an efficient implementation of the SfM learning pipeline using a low parameter neural network architecture on event data. In addition to camera egomotion and a dense depth map, the network estimates pixel-wise independently moving object segmentation and computes per-object 3D translational velocities for moving objects. We also train a shallow network with just 40k parameters, which is able to compute depth and egomotion. <br />Our EV-IMO dataset features 32 minutes of indoor recording with up to 3 fast moving objects simultaneously in the camera field of view. The objects and the camera are tracked by the VICON motion capture system. By 3D scanning the room and the objects, accurate depth map ground truth and pixel-wise object masks are obtained, which are reliable even in poor lighting conditions and during fast motion. We then train and evaluate our learning pipeline on EV-IMO and demonstrate that our approach far surpasses its rivals and is well suited for scene constrained robotics applications. 
### 6.Understanding the Limitations of CNN-based Absolute Camera Pose Regression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07504.pdf)
>  Visual localization is the task of accurate camera pose estimation in a known scene. It is a key problem in computer vision and robotics, with applications including self-driving cars, Structure-from-Motion, SLAM, and Mixed Reality. Traditionally, the localization problem has been tackled using 3D geometry. Recently, end-to-end approaches based on convolutional neural networks have become popular. These methods learn to directly regress the camera pose from an input image. However, they do not achieve the same level of pose accuracy as 3D structure-based methods. To understand this behavior, we develop a theoretical model for camera pose regression. We use our model to predict failure cases for pose regression techniques and verify our predictions through experiments. We furthermore use our model to show that pose regression is more closely related to pose approximation via image retrieval than to accurate pose estimation via 3D structure. A key result is that current approaches do not consistently outperform a handcrafted image retrieval baseline. This clearly shows that additional research is needed before pose regression algorithms are ready to compete with structure-based methods. 
### 7.Bilinear Representation for Language-based Image Editing Using Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07499.pdf)
>  The task of Language-Based Image Editing (LBIE) aims at generating a target image by editing the source image based on the given language description. The main challenge of LBIE is to disentangle the semantics in image and text and then combine them to generate realistic images. Therefore, the editing performance is heavily dependent on the learned representation. In this work, conditional generative adversarial network (cGAN) is utilized for LBIE. We find that existing conditioning methods in cGAN lack of representation power as they cannot learn the second-order correlation between two conditioning vectors. To solve this problem, we propose an improved conditional layer named Bilinear Residual Layer (BRL) to learning more powerful representations for LBIE task. Qualitative and quantitative comparisons demonstrate that our method can generate images with higher quality when compared to previous LBIE techniques. 
### 8.MUSEFood: Multi-sensor-based Food Volume Estimation on Smartphones  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07437.pdf)
>  Researches have shown that diet recording can help people increase awareness of food intake and improve nutrition management, and thereby maintain a healthier life. Recently, researchers have been working on smartphone-based diet recording methods and applications that help users accomplish two tasks: record what they eat and how much they eat. Although the former task has made great progress through adopting image recognition technology, it is still a challenge to estimate the volume of foods accurately and conveniently. In this paper, we propose a novel method, named MUSEFood, for food volume estimation. MUSEFood uses the camera to capture photos of the food, but unlike existing volume measurement methods, MUSEFood requires neither training images with volume information nor placing a reference object of known size while taking photos. In addition, considering the impact of different containers on the contour shape of foods, MUSEFood uses a multi-task learning framework to improve the accuracy of food segmentation, and uses a differential model applicable for various containers to further reduce the negative impact of container differences on volume estimation accuracy. Furthermore, MUSEFood uses the microphone and the speaker to accurately measure the vertical distance from the camera to the food in a noisy environment, thus scaling the size of food in the image to its actual size. The experiments on real foods indicate that MUSEFood outperforms state-of-the-art approaches, and highly improves the speed of food volume estimation. 
### 9.Crowd Counting with Decomposed Uncertainty  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07427.pdf)
>  Research in neural networks in the field of computer vision has achieved remarkable accuracy for point estimation. However, the uncertainty in the estimation is rarely addressed. Uncertainty quantification accompanied by point estimation can lead to a more informed decision, and even improve the prediction quality. In this work, we focus on uncertainty estimation in the domain of crowd counting. We propose a scalable neural network framework with quantification of decomposed uncertainty using a bootstrap ensemble. We demonstrate that the proposed uncertainty quantification method provides additional insight to the crowd counting problem and is simple to implement. We also show that our proposed method outperforms the current state of the art method in many benchmark data sets. To the best of our knowledge, we have the best system for ShanghaiTech part A and B, UCF CC 50, UCSD, and UCF-QNRF datasets. 
### 10.A Lightweight Optical Flow CNN -- Revisiting Data Fidelity and Regularization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07414.pdf)
>  Over four decades, the majority addresses the problem of optical flow estimation using variational methods. With the advance of machine learning, some recent works have attempted to address the problem using convolutional neural network (CNN) and have showed promising results. FlowNet2, the state-of-the-art CNN, requires over 160M parameters to achieve accurate flow estimation. Our LiteFlowNet2 outperforms FlowNet2 on Sintel and KITTI benchmarks, while being 25.3 times smaller in the footprint and 3.1 times faster in the running speed. LiteFlowNet2 which is built on the foundation laid by conventional methods has marked a milestone to achieve the corresponding roles as data fidelity and regularization in variational methods. We present an effective flow inference approach at each pyramid level through a novel lightweight cascaded network. It provides high flow estimation accuracy through early correction with seamless incorporation of descriptor matching. A novel flow regularization layer is used to ameliorate the issue of outliers and vague flow boundaries through a novel feature-driven local convolution. Our network also owns an effective structure for pyramidal feature extraction and embraces feature warping rather than image warping as practiced in FlowNet2. Comparing to our earlier work, LiteFlowNet2 improves the optical flow accuracy on Sintel clean pass by 24%, Sintel final pass by 8.9%, KITTI 2012 by 16.8%, and KITTI 2015 by 17.5%. Our network protocol and trained models will be made publicly available on <a href="https://github.com/twhui/LiteFlowNet2">this https URL</a> . 
### 11.Evaluating Sequence-to-Sequence Models for Handwritten Text Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07377.pdf)
>  Encoder-decoder models have become an effective approach for sequence learning tasks like machine translation, image captioning and speech recognition, but have yet to show competitive results for handwritten text recognition. To this end, we propose an attention-based sequence-to-sequence model. It combines a convolutional neural network as a generic feature extractor with a recurrent neural network to encode both the visual information, as well as the temporal context between characters in the input image, and uses a separate recurrent neural network to decode the actual character sequence. We make experimental comparisons between various attention mechanisms and positional encodings, in order to find an appropriate alignment between the input and output sequence. The model can be trained end-to-end and the optional integration of a hybrid loss allows the encoder to retain an interpretable and usable output, e.g. for keyword spotting purposes without prior indexing, if desired. We achieve competitive results on the IAM and ICFHR2016 READ data sets compared to the state-of-the-art without the use of a language model, and we significantly improve over any recent sequence-to-sequence approaches. 
### 12.Self-calibrating Deep Photometric Stereo Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07366.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an uncalibrated photometric stereo method for non-Lambertian scenes based on deep learning. Unlike previous approaches that heavily rely on assumptions of specific reflectances and light source distributions, our method is able to determine both shape and light directions of a scene with unknown arbitrary reflectances observed under unknown varying light directions. To achieve this goal, we propose a two-stage deep learning architecture, called SDPS-Net, which can effectively take advantage of intermediate supervision, resulting in reduced learning difficulty compared to a single-stage model. Experiments on both synthetic and real datasets show that our proposed approach significantly outperforms previous uncalibrated photometric stereo methods. 
### 13.IvaNet: Learning to jointly detect and segment objets with the help of Local Top-Down Modules  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07360.pdf)
>  Driven by Convolutional Neural Networks, object detection and semantic segmentation have gained significant improvements. However, existing methods on the basis of a full top-down module have limited robustness in handling those two tasks simultaneously. To this end, we present a joint multi-task framework, termed IvaNet. Different from existing methods, our IvaNet backwards abstract semantic information from higher layers to augment lower layers using local top-down modules. The comparisons against some counterparts on the PASCAL VOC and MS COCO datasets demonstrate the functionality of IvaNet. 
### 14.Bilateral Cyclic Constraint and Adaptive Regularization for Unsupervised Monocular Depth Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07309.pdf)
>  Supervised learning methods to infer (hypothesize) depth of a scene from a single image require costly per-pixel ground-truth. We follow a geometric approach that exploits abundant stereo imagery to learn a model to hypothesize scene structure without direct supervision. Although we train a network with stereo pairs, we only require a single image at test time to hypothesize disparity or depth. We propose a novel objective function that exploits the bilateral cyclic relationship between the left and right disparities and we introduce an adaptive regularization scheme that allows the network to handle both the co-visible and occluded regions in a stereo pair. This process ultimately produces a model to generate hypotheses for the 3-dimensional structure of the scene as viewed in a single image. When used to generate a single (most probable) estimate of depth, our method outperforms state-of-the-art unsupervised monocular depth prediction methods on the KITTI benchmarks. We show that our method generalizes well by applying our models trained on KITTI to the Make3d dataset. 
### 15.Appearance-Based Gaze Estimation Using Dilated-Convolutions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07296.pdf)
>  Appearance-based gaze estimation has attracted more and more attention because of its wide range of applications. The use of deep convolutional neural networks has improved the accuracy significantly. In order to improve the estimation accuracy further, we focus on extracting better features from eye images. Relatively large changes in gaze angles may result in relatively small changes in eye appearance. We argue that current architectures for gaze estimation may not be able to capture such small changes, as they apply multiple pooling layers or other downsampling layers so that the spatial resolution of the high-level layers is reduced significantly. To evaluate whether the use of features extracted at high resolution can benefit gaze estimation, we adopt dilated-convolutions to extract high-level features without reducing spatial resolution. In cross-subject experiments on the Columbia Gaze dataset for eye contact detection and the MPIIGaze dataset for 3D gaze vector regression, the resulting Dilated-Nets achieve significant (up to 20.8%) gains when compared to similar networks without dilated-convolutions. Our proposed Dilated-Net achieves state-of-the-art results on both the Columbia Gaze and the MPIIGaze datasets. 
### 16.Semantic Image Synthesis with Spatially-Adaptive Normalization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07291.pdf)
>  We propose spatially-adaptive normalization, a simple but effective layer for synthesizing photorealistic images given an input semantic layout. Previous methods directly feed the semantic layout as input to the deep network, which is then processed through stacks of convolution, normalization, and nonlinearity layers. We show that this is suboptimal as the normalization layers tend to ``wash away&#39;&#39; semantic information. To address the issue, we propose using the input layout for modulating the activations in normalization layers through a spatially-adaptive, learned transformation. Experiments on several challenging datasets demonstrate the advantage of the proposed method over existing approaches, regarding both visual fidelity and alignment with input layouts. Finally, our model allows user control over both semantic and style as synthesizing images. Code will be available at <a href="https://github.com/NVlabs/SPADE">this https URL</a> . 
### 17.Graph Convolutional Label Noise Cleaner: Train a Plug-and-play Action Classifier for Anomaly Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07256.pdf)
>  Video anomaly detection under weak labels is formulated as a typical multiple-instance learning problem in previous works. In this paper, we provide a new perspective, i.e., a supervised learning task under noisy labels. In such a viewpoint, as long as cleaning away label noise, we can directly apply fully supervised action classifiers to weakly supervised anomaly detection, and take maximum advantage of these well-developed classifiers. For this purpose, we devise a graph convolutional network to correct noisy labels. Based upon feature similarity and temporal consistency, our network propagates supervisory signals from high-confidence snippets to low-confidence ones. In this manner, the network is capable of providing cleaned supervision for action classifiers. During the test phase, we only need to obtain snippet-wise predictions from the action classifier without any extra post-processing. Extensive experiments on 3 datasets at different scales with 2 types of action classifiers demonstrate the efficacy of our method. Remarkably, we obtain the frame-level AUC score of 82.12% on UCF-Crime. 
### 18.QATM: Quality-Aware Template Matching For Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07254.pdf)
>  Finding a template in a search image is one of the core problems many computer vision, such as semantic image semantic, image-to-GPS verification \etc. We propose a novel quality-aware template matching method, QATM, which is not only used as a standalone template matching algorithm, but also a trainable layer that can be easily embedded into any deep neural network. Specifically, we assess the quality of a matching pair using soft-ranking among all matching pairs, and thus different matching scenarios such as 1-to-1, 1-to-many, and many-to-many will be all reflected to different values. Our extensive evaluation on classic template matching benchmarks and deep learning tasks demonstrate the effectiveness of QATM. It not only outperforms state-of-the-art template matching methods when used alone, but also largely improves existing deep network solutions. 
### 19.Complex Scene Classification of PolSAR Imagery based on a Self-paced Learning Approach  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07243.pdf)
>  Existing polarimetric synthetic aperture radar (PolSAR) image classification methods cannot achieve satisfactory performance on complex scenes characterized by several types of land cover with significant levels of noise or similar scattering properties across land cover types. Hence, we propose a supervised classification method aimed at constructing a classifier based on self-paced learning (SPL). SPL has been demonstrated to be effective at dealing with complex data while providing classifier. In this paper, a novel Support Vector Machine (SVM) algorithm based on SPL with neighborhood constraints (SVM_SPLNC) is proposed. The proposed method leverages the easiest samples first to obtain an initial parameter vector. Then, more complex samples are gradually incorporated to update the parameter vector iteratively. Moreover, neighborhood constraints are introduced during the training process to further improve performance. Experimental results on three real PolSAR images show that the proposed method performs well on complex scenes. 
### 20.An End-to-End Joint Unsupervised Learning of Deep Model and Pseudo-Classes for Remote Sensing Scene Representation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07224.pdf)
>  This work develops a novel end-to-end deep unsupervised learning method based on convolutional neural network (CNN) with pseudo-classes for remote sensing scene representation. First, we introduce center points as the centers of the pseudo classes and the training samples can be allocated with pseudo labels based on the center points. Therefore, the CNN model, which is used to extract features from the scenes, can be trained supervised with the pseudo labels. Moreover, a pseudo-center loss is developed to decrease the variance between the samples and the corresponding pseudo center point. The pseudo-center loss is important since it can update both the center points with the training samples and the CNN model with the center points in the training process simultaneously. Finally, joint learning of the pseudo-center loss and the pseudo softmax loss which is formulated with the samples and the pseudo labels is developed for unsupervised remote sensing scene representation to obtain discriminative representations from the scenes. Experiments are conducted over two commonly used remote sensing scene datasets to validate the effectiveness of the proposed method and the experimental results show the superiority of the proposed method when compared with other state-of-the-art methods. 
### 21.Multidimensional ground reaction forces and moments from wearable sensor accelerations via deep learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07221.pdf)
>  Objective: Monitoring athlete internal workload exposure, including prevention of catastrophic non-contact knee injuries, relies on the existence of a custom early-warning detection system. This system must be able to estimate accurate, reliable, and valid musculoskeletal joint loads, for sporting maneuvers in near real-time and during match play. However, current methods are constrained to laboratory instrumentation, are labor and cost intensive, and require highly trained specialist knowledge, thereby limiting their ecological validity and volume deployment. Methods: Here we show that kinematic data obtained from wearable sensor accelerometers, in lieu of embedded force platforms, can leverage recent supervised learning techniques to predict in-game near real-time multidimensional ground reaction forces and moments (GRF/M). Competing convolutional neural network (CNN) deep learning models were trained using laboratory-derived stance phase GRF/M data and simulated sensor accelerations for running and sidestepping maneuvers derived from nearly half a million legacy motion trials. Then, predictions were made from each model driven by five sensor accelerations recorded during independent inter-laboratory data capture sessions. Results: Despite adversarial conditions, the proposed deep learning workbench achieved correlations for vertical GRF above 0.96 for running. Conclusion: The lessons learned from this study will facilitate the use of wearable sensors in conjunction with deep learning to accurately estimate near real-time on-field GRF/M. Significance: Coaching, medical, and allied health staff can use this technology to monitor a range of joint loading indicators during game play, with the ultimate aim to minimize the occurrence of non-contact injuries in elite and community-level sports. 
### 22.AttoNets: Compact and Efficient Deep Neural Networks for the Edge via Human-Machine Collaborative Design  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07209.pdf)
>  While deep neural networks have achieved state-of-the-art performance across a large number of complex tasks, it remains a big challenge to deploy such networks for practical, on-device edge scenarios such as on mobile devices, consumer devices, drones, and vehicles. In this study, we take a deeper exploration into a human-machine collaborative design approach for creating highly efficient deep neural networks through a synergy between principled network design prototyping and machine-driven design exploration. The efficacy of human-machine collaborative design is demonstrated through the creation of AttoNets, a family of highly efficient deep neural networks for on-device edge deep learning. Each AttoNet possesses a human-specified network-level macro-architecture comprising of custom modules with unique machine-designed module-level macro-architecture and micro-architecture designs, all driven by human-specified design requirements. Experimental results for the task of object recognition showed that the AttoNets created via human-machine collaborative design has significantly fewer parameters and computational costs than state-of-the-art networks designed for efficiency while achieving noticeably higher accuracy (with the smallest AttoNet achieving ~1.8% higher accuracy while requiring ~10x fewer multiply-add operations and parameters than MobileNet-V1). Furthermore, the efficacy of the AttoNets is demonstrated for the task of instance-level object segmentation and object detection, where an AttoNet-based Mask R-CNN network was constructed with significantly fewer parameters and computational costs (~5x fewer multiply-add operations and ~2x fewer parameters) than a ResNet-50 based Mask R-CNN network. 
### 23.Robust superpixels using color and contour features along linear path  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07193.pdf)
>  Superpixel decomposition methods are widely used in computer vision and image processing applications. By grouping homogeneous pixels, the accuracy can be increased and the decrease of the number of elements to process can drastically reduce the computational burden. For most superpixel methods, a trade-off is computed between 1) color homogeneity, 2) adherence to the image contours and 3) shape regularity of the decomposition. In this paper, we propose a framework that jointly enforces all these aspects and provides accurate and regular Superpixels with Contour Adherence using Linear Path (SCALP). During the decomposition, we propose to consider color features along the linear path between the pixel and the corresponding superpixel barycenter. A contour prior is also used to prevent the crossing of image boundaries when associating a pixel to a superpixel. Finally, in order to improve the decomposition accuracy and the robustness to noise, we propose to integrate the pixel neighborhood information, while preserving the same computational complexity. SCALP is extensively evaluated on standard segmentation dataset, and the obtained results outperform the ones of the state-of-the-art methods. SCALP is also extended for supervoxel decomposition on MRI images. 
### 24.Learning-Based Animation of Clothing for Virtual Try-On  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07190.pdf)
>  This paper presents a learning-based clothing animation method for highly efficient virtual try-on simulation. Given a garment, we preprocess a rich database of physically-based dressed character simulations, for multiple body shapes and animations. Then, using this database, we train a learning-based model of cloth drape and wrinkles, as a function of body shape and dynamics. We propose a model that separates global garment fit, due to body shape, from local garment wrinkles, due to both pose dynamics and body shape. We use a recurrent neural network to regress garment wrinkles, and we achieve highly plausible nonlinear effects, in contrast to the blending artifacts suffered by previous methods. At runtime, dynamic virtual try-on animations are produced in just a few milliseconds for garments with thousands of triangles. We show qualitative and quantitative analysis of results 
### 25.Weighted Mean Curvature  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07189.pdf)
>  In image processing tasks, spatial priors are essential for robust computations, regularization, algorithmic design and Bayesian inference. In this paper, we introduce weighted mean curvature (WMC) as a novel image prior and present an efficient computation scheme for its discretization in practical image processing applications. We first demonstrate the favorable properties of WMC, such as sampling invariance, scale invariance, and contrast invariance with Gaussian noise model; and we show the relation of WMC to area regularization. We further propose an efficient computation scheme for discretized WMC, which is demonstrated herein to process over 33.2 giga-pixels/second on GPU. This scheme yields itself to a convolutional neural network representation. Finally, WMC is evaluated on synthetic and real images, showing its superiority quantitatively to total-variation and mean curvature. 
### 26.Training recurrent neural networks robust to incomplete data: application to Alzheimer&#39;s disease progression modeling  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07173.pdf)
>  Disease progression modeling (DPM) using longitudinal data is a challenging machine learning task. Existing DPM algorithms neglect temporal dependencies among measurements, make parametric assumptions about biomarker trajectories, do not model multiple biomarkers jointly, and need an alignment of subjects&#39; trajectories. In this paper, recurrent neural networks (RNNs) are utilized to address these issues. However, in many cases, longitudinal cohorts contain incomplete data, which hinders the application of standard RNNs and requires a pre-processing step such as imputation of the missing values. Instead, we propose a generalized training rule for the most widely used RNN architecture, long short-term memory (LSTM) networks, that can handle both missing predictor and target values. The proposed LSTM algorithm is applied to model the progression of Alzheimer&#39;s disease (AD) using six volumetric magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) biomarkers, i.e., volumes of ventricles, hippocampus, whole brain, fusiform, middle temporal gyrus, and entorhinal cortex, and it is compared to standard LSTM networks with data imputation and a parametric, regression-based DPM method. The results show that the proposed algorithm achieves a significantly lower mean absolute error (MAE) than the alternatives with p &lt; 0.05 using Wilcoxon signed rank test in predicting values of almost all of the MRI biomarkers. Moreover, a linear discriminant analysis (LDA) classifier applied to the predicted biomarker values produces a significantly larger AUC of 0.90 vs. at most 0.84 with p &lt; 0.001 using McNemar&#39;s test for clinical diagnosis of AD. Inspection of MAE curves as a function of the amount of missing data reveals that the proposed LSTM algorithm achieves the best performance up until more than 74% missing values. Finally, it is illustrated how the method can successfully be applied to data with varying time intervals. 
### 27.SuperPatchMatch: an Algorithm for Robust Correspondences using Superpixel Patches  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07169.pdf)
>  Superpixels have become very popular in many computer vision applications. Nevertheless, they remain underexploited since the superpixel decomposition may produce irregular and non stable segmentation results due to the dependency to the image content. In this paper, we first introduce a novel structure, a superpixel-based patch, called SuperPatch. The proposed structure, based on superpixel neighborhood, leads to a robust descriptor since spatial information is naturally included. The generalization of the PatchMatch method to SuperPatches, named SuperPatchMatch, is introduced. Finally, we propose a framework to perform fast segmentation and labeling from an image database, and demonstrate the potential of our approach since we outperform, in terms of computational cost and accuracy, the results of state-of-the-art methods on both face labeling and medical image segmentation. 
### 28.An Optimized PatchMatch for Multi-scale and Multi-feature Label Fusion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07165.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation methods are important tools for quantitative analysis of Magnetic Resonance Images (MRI). Recently, patch-based label fusion approaches have demonstrated state-of-the-art segmentation accuracy. In this paper, we introduce a new patch-based label fusion framework to perform segmentation of anatomical structures. The proposed approach uses an Optimized PAtchMatch Label fusion (OPAL) strategy that drastically reduces the computation time required for the search of similar patches. The reduced computation time of OPAL opens the way for new strategies and facilitates processing on large databases. In this paper, we investigate new perspectives offered by OPAL, by introducing a new multi-scale and multi-feature framework. During our validation on hippocampus segmentation we use two datasets: young adults in the ICBM cohort and elderly adults in the EADC-ADNI dataset. For both, OPAL is compared to state-of-the-art methods. Results show that OPAL obtained the highest median Dice coefficient (89.9% for ICBM and 90.1% for EADC-ADNI). Moreover, in both cases, OPAL produced a segmentation accuracy similar to inter-expert variability. On the EADC-ADNI dataset, we compare the hippocampal volumes obtained by manual and automatic segmentation. The volumes appear to be highly correlated that enables to perform more accurate separation of pathological populations. 
### 29.Evaluation Framework of Superpixel Methods with a Global Regularity Measure  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07162.pdf)
>  In the superpixel literature, the comparison of state-of-the-art methods can be biased by the non-robustness of some metrics to decomposition aspects, such as the superpixel scale. Moreover, most recent decomposition methods allow to set a shape regularity parameter, which can have a substantial impact on the measured performances. In this paper, we introduce an evaluation framework, that aims to unify the comparison process of superpixel methods. We investigate the limitations of existing metrics, and propose to evaluate each of the three core decomposition aspects: color homogeneity, respect of image objects and shape regularity. To measure the regularity aspect, we propose a new global regularity measure (GR), which addresses the non-robustness of state-of-the-art metrics. We evaluate recent superpixel methods with these criteria, at several superpixel scales and regularity levels. The proposed framework reduces the bias in the comparison process of state-of-the-art superpixel methods. Finally, we demonstrate that the proposed GR measure is correlated with the performances of various applications. 
### 30.Proximal Splitting Networks for Image Restoration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07154.pdf)
>  Image restoration problems are typically ill-posed requiring the design of suitable priors. These priors are typically hand-designed and are fully instantiated throughout the process. In this paper, we introduce a novel framework for handling inverse problems related to image restoration based on elements from the half quadratic splitting method and proximal operators. Modeling the proximal operator as a convolutional network, we defined an implicit prior on the image space as a function class during training. This is in contrast to the common practice in literature of having the prior to be fixed and fully instantiated even during training stages. Further, we allow this proximal operator to be tuned differently for each iteration which greatly increases modeling capacity and allows us to reduce the number of iterations by an order of magnitude as compared to other approaches. Our final network is an end-to-end one whose run time matches the previous fastest algorithms while outperforming them in recovery fidelity on two image restoration tasks. Indeed, we find our approach achieves state-of-the-art results on benchmarks in image denoising and image super resolution while recovering more complex and finer details. 
### 31.SCALP: Superpixels with Contour Adherence using Linear Path  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07149.pdf)
>  Superpixel decomposition methods are generally used as a pre-processing step to speed up image processing tasks. They group the pixels of an image into homogeneous regions while trying to respect existing contours. For all state-of-the-art superpixel decomposition methods, a trade-off is made between 1) computational time, 2) adherence to image contours and 3) regularity and compactness of the decomposition. In this paper, we propose a fast method to compute Superpixels with Contour Adherence using Linear Path (SCALP) in an iterative clustering framework. The distance computed when trying to associate a pixel to a superpixel during the clustering is enhanced by considering the linear path to the superpixel barycenter. The proposed framework produces regular and compact superpixels that adhere to the image contours. We provide a detailed evaluation of SCALP on the standard Berkeley Segmentation Dataset. The obtained results outperform state-of-the-art methods in terms of standard superpixel and contour detection metrics. 
### 32.Robust Shape Regularity Criteria for Superpixel Evaluation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07146.pdf)
>  Regular decompositions are necessary for most superpixel-based object recognition or tracking applications. So far in the literature, the regularity or compactness of a superpixel shape is mainly measured by its circularity. In this work, we first demonstrate that such measure is not adapted for superpixel evaluation, since it does not directly express regularity but circular appearance. Then, we propose a new metric that considers several shape regularity aspects: convexity, balanced repartition, and contour smoothness. Finally, we demonstrate that our measure is robust to scale and noise and enables to more relevantly compare superpixel methods. 
### 33.Inverse Path Tracing for Joint Material and Lighting Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07145.pdf)
>  Modern computer vision algorithms have brought significant advancement to 3D geometry reconstruction. However, illumination and material reconstruction remain less studied, with current approaches assuming very simplified models for materials and illumination. We introduce Inverse Path Tracing, a novel approach to jointly estimate the material properties of objects and light sources in indoor scenes by using an invertible light transport simulation. We assume a coarse geometry scan, along with corresponding images and camera poses. The key contribution of this work is an accurate and simultaneous retrieval of light sources and physically based material properties (e.g., diffuse reflectance, specular reflectance, roughness, etc.) for the purpose of editing and re-rendering the scene under new conditions. To this end, we introduce a novel optimization method using a differentiable Monte Carlo renderer that computes derivatives with respect to the estimated unknown illumination and material properties. This enables joint optimization for physically correct light transport and material models using a tailored stochastic gradient descent. 
### 34.STNReID : Deep Convolutional Networks with Pairwise Spatial Transformer Networks for Partial Person Re-identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07072.pdf)
>  Partial person re-identification (ReID) is a challenging task because only partial information of person images is available for matching target persons. Few studies, especially on deep learning, have focused on matching partial person images with holistic person images. This study presents a novel deep partial ReID framework based on pairwise spatial transformer networks (STNReID), which can be trained on existing holistic person datasets. STNReID includes a spatial transformer network (STN) module and a ReID module. The STN module samples an affined image (a semantically corresponding patch) from the holistic image to match the partial image. The ReID module extracts the features of the holistic, partial, and affined images. Competition (or confrontation) is observed between the STN module and the ReID module, and two-stage training is applied to acquire a strong STNReID for partial ReID. Experimental results show that our STNReID obtains 66.7% and 54.6% rank-1 accuracies on partial ReID and partial iLIDS datasets, respectively. These values are at par with those obtained with state-of-the-art methods. 
### 35.Bags of Tricks and A Strong Baseline for Deep Person Re-identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07071.pdf)
>  This paper explores a simple and efficient baseline for person re-identification (ReID). Person re-identification (ReID) with deep neural networks has made progress and achieved high performance in recent years. However, many state-of-the-arts methods design complex network structure and concatenate multi-branch features. In the literature, some effective training tricks are briefly appeared in several papers or source codes. This paper will collect and evaluate these effective training tricks in person ReID. By combining these tricks together, the model achieves 94.5% rank-1 and 85.9% mAP on Market1501 with only using global features. Our codes and models are available in Github. 
### 36.Spatiotemporal Filtering for Event-Based Action Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07067.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the challenging problem of action recognition, using event-based cameras. To recognise most gestural actions, often higher temporal precision is required for sampling visual information. Actions are defined by motion, and therefore, when using event-based cameras it is often unnecessary to re-sample the entire scene. Neuromorphic, event-based cameras have presented an alternative to visual information acquisition by asynchronously time-encoding pixel intensity changes, through temporally precise spikes (10 micro-second resolution), making them well equipped for action recognition. However, other challenges exist, which are intrinsic to event-based imagers, such as higher signal-to-noise ratio, and a spatiotemporally sparse information. One option is to convert event-data into frames, but this could result in significant temporal precision loss. In this work we introduce spatiotemporal filtering in the spike-event domain, as an alternative way of channeling spatiotemporal information through to a convolutional neural network. The filters are local spatiotemporal weight matrices, learned from the spike-event data, in an unsupervised manner. We find that appropriate spatiotemporal filtering significantly improves CNN performance beyond state-of-the-art on the event-based DVS Gesture dataset. On our newly recorded action recognition dataset, our method shows significant improvement when compared with other, standard ways of generating the spatiotemporal filters. 
### 37.AdaGraph: Unifying Predictive and ContinuousDomain Adaptation through Graphs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07062.pdf)
>  The ability to categorize is a cornerstone of visual intelligence, and a key functionality for artificial, autonomous visual machines. This problem will never be solved without algorithms able to adapt and generalize across visual domains. Within the context of domain adaptation and generalization, this paper focuses on the predictive domain adaptation scenario, namely the case where no target data are available and the system has to learn to generalize from annotated source images plus unlabeled samples with associated metadata from auxiliary domains. Our contributionis the first deep architecture that tackles predictive domainadaptation, able to leverage over the information broughtby the auxiliary domains through a graph. Moreover, we present a simple yet effective strategy that allows us to take advantage of the incoming target data at test time, in a continuous domain adaptation scenario. Experiments on three benchmark databases support the value of our approach. 
### 38.Discriminating Original Region from Duplicated One in Copy-Move Forgery  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07044.pdf)
>  Since images are used as evidence in many cases, validation of digital images is essential. Copy-move forgery is a special kind of manipulation in which some parts of an image is copied and pasted into another part of the same image. Various methods have been proposed to detect copy-move forgery, which have achieved promising results. In previous methods, a binary mask determining the original and forged region is presented as the final result. However, it is not specified which part of the mask is the forged region. It should be noted that discriminating the original region from the duplicated one is not usually feasible by human visual system(HVS). On the other hand, exact localizing the forged region can be helpful for automatic forgery detection especially in combined forgeries. In real-world forgeries, some manipulations are performed in order to provide a visibly realistic scene. These modifications are usually applied on the boundary of the duplicated snippets. In this research, the texture information of the border regions of both the original and copied patches have been statistically investigated. Based on this analysis, we propose a method to discriminated copied snippets from original ones. In order to validate our method, GRIP dataset is utilized since it contains more realistic forged images which are not easily recognizable by HVS. 
### 39.Reconstructing neuronal anatomy from whole-brain images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07027.pdf)
>  Reconstructing multiple molecularly defined neurons from individual brains and across multiple brain regions can reveal organizational principles of the nervous system. However, high resolution imaging of the whole brain is a technically challenging and slow process. Recently, oblique light sheet microscopy has emerged as a rapid imaging method that can provide whole brain fluorescence microscopy at a voxel size of 0.4 by 0.4 by 2.5 cubic microns. On the other hand, complex image artifacts due to whole-brain coverage produce apparent discontinuities in neuronal arbors. Here, we present connectivity-preserving methods and data augmentation strategies for supervised learning of neuroanatomy from light microscopy using neural networks. We quantify the merit of our approach by implementing an end-to-end automated tracing pipeline. Lastly, we demonstrate a scalable, distributed implementation that can reconstruct the large datasets that sub-micron whole-brain images produce. 
### 40.GFD-SSD: Gated Fusion Double SSD for Multispectral Pedestrian Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06999.pdf)
>  Pedestrian detection is an essential task in autonomous driving research. In addition to typical color images, thermal images benefit the detection in dark environments. Hence, it is worthwhile to explore an integrated approach to take advantage of both color and thermal images simultaneously. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to fuse color and thermal sensors using deep neural networks (DNN). Current state-of-the-art DNN object detectors vary from two-stage to one-stage mechanisms. Two-stage detectors, like Faster-RCNN, achieve higher accuracy, while one-stage detectors such as Single Shot Detector (SSD) demonstrate faster performance. To balance the trade-off, especially in the consideration of autonomous driving applications, we investigate a fusion strategy to combine two SSDs on color and thermal inputs. Traditional fusion methods stack selected features from each channel and adjust their weights. In this paper, we propose two variations of novel Gated Fusion Units (GFU), that learn the combination of feature maps generated by the two SSD middle layers. Leveraging GFUs for the entire feature pyramid structure, we propose several mixed versions of both stack fusion and gated fusion. Experiments are conducted on the KAIST multispectral pedestrian detection dataset. Our Gated Fusion Double SSD (GFD-SSD) outperforms the stacked fusion and achieves the lowest miss rate in the benchmark, at an inference speed that is two times faster than Faster-RCNN based fusion networks. 
### 41.Visual Query Answering by Entity-Attribute Graph Matching and Reasoning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06994.pdf)
>  Visual Query Answering (VQA) is of great significance in offering people convenience: one can raise a question for details of objects, or high-level understanding about the scene, over an image. This paper proposes a novel method to address the VQA problem. In contrast to prior works, our method that targets single scene VQA, replies on graph-based techniques and involves reasoning. In a nutshell, our approach is centered on three graphs. The first graph, referred to as inference graph GI , is constructed via learning over labeled data. The other two graphs, referred to as query graph Q and entity-attribute graph GEA, are generated from natural language query Qnl and image Img, that are issued from users, respectively. As GEA often does not take sufficient information to answer Q, we develop techniques to infer missing information of GEA with GI . Based on GEA and Q, we provide techniques to find matches of Q in GEA, as the answer of Qnl in Img. Unlike commonly used VQA methods that are based on end-to-end neural networks, our graph-based method shows well-designed reasoning capability, and thus is highly interpretable. We also create a dataset on soccer match (Soccer-VQA) with rich annotations. The experimental results show that our approach outperforms the state-of-the-art method and has high potential for future investigation. 
### 42.Domain adaptation for holistic skin detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06969.pdf)
>  Human skin detection in images is a widely studied topic of Computer Vision for which it is commonly accepted that analysis of pixel color or local patches may suffice. This is because skin regions appear to be relatively uniform and many argue that there is a small chromatic variation among different samples. However, we found that there are strong biases in the datasets commonly used to train or tune skin detection methods. Furthermore, the lack of contextual information may hinder the performance of local approaches. In this paper we present a comprehensive evaluation of holistic and local Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) approaches on in-domain and cross-domain experiments and compare with state-of-the-art pixel-based approaches. We also propose a combination of inductive transfer learning and unsupervised domain adaptation methods, which are evaluated on different domains under several amounts of labelled data availability. We show a clear superiority of CNN over pixel-based approaches even without labelled training samples on the target domain. Furthermore, we provide experimental support for the counter-intuitive superiority of holistic over local approaches for human skin detection. 
### 43.Hand range of motion evaluation for Rheumatoid Arthritis patients  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06949.pdf)
>  We introduce a framework for dynamic evaluation of the fingers movements: flexion, extension, abduction and adduction. This framework estimates angle measurements from joints computed by a hand pose estimation algorithm using a depth sensor (Realsense SR300). Given depth maps as input, our framework uses Pose-REN, which is a state-of-art hand pose estimation method that estimates 3D hand joint positions using a deep convolutional neural network. The pose estimation algorithm runs in real-time, allowing users to visualise 3D skeleton tracking results at the same time as the depth images are acquired. Once 3D joint poses are obtained, our framework estimates a plane containing the wrist and MCP joints and measures flexion/extension and abduction/aduction angles by applying computational geometry operations with respect to this plane. We analysed flexion and abduction movement patterns using real data, extracting the movement trajectories. Our preliminary results show that this method allows an automatic discrimination of hands with Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) and healthy patients. The angle between joints can be used as an indicative of current movement capabilities and function. Although the measurements can be noisy and less accurate than those obtained statically through goniometry, the acquisition is much easier, non-invasive and patient-friendly, which shows the potential of our approach. The system can be used with and without orthosis. Our framework allows the acquisition of measurements with minimal intervention and significantly reduces the evaluation time. 
### 44.Unsupervised Part-Based Disentangling of Object Shape and Appearance  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06946.pdf)
>  Large intra-class variation is the result of changes in multiple object characteristics. Images, however, only show the superposition of different variable factors such as appearance or shape. Therefore, learning to disentangle and represent these different characteristics poses a great challenge, especially in the unsupervised case. Moreover, large object articulation calls for a flexible part-based model. We present an unsupervised approach for disentangling appearance and shape by learning parts consistently over all instances of a category. Our model for learning an object representation is trained by simultaneously exploiting invariance and equivariance constraints between synthetically transformed images. Since no part annotation or prior information on an object class is required, the approach is applicable to arbitrary classes. We evaluate our approach on a wide range of object categories and diverse tasks including pose prediction, disentangled image synthesis, and video-to-video translation. The approach outperforms the state-of-the-art on unsupervised keypoint prediction and compares favorably even against supervised approaches on the task of shape and appearance transfer. 
### 45.Spatiotemporal Feature Learning for Event-Based Vision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06923.pdf)
>  Unlike conventional frame-based sensors, event-based visual sensors output information through spikes at a high temporal resolution. By only encoding changes in pixel intensity, they showcase a low-power consuming, low-latency approach to visual information sensing. To use this information for higher sensory tasks like object recognition and tracking, an essential simplification step is the extraction and learning of features. An ideal feature descriptor must be robust to changes involving (i) local transformations and (ii) re-appearances of a local event pattern. To that end, we propose a novel spatiotemporal feature representation learning algorithm based on slow feature analysis (SFA). Using SFA, smoothly changing linear projections are learnt which are robust to local visual transformations. In order to determine if the features can learn to be invariant to various visual transformations, feature point tracking tasks are used for evaluation. Extensive experiments across two datasets demonstrate the adaptability of the spatiotemporal feature learner to translation, scaling and rotational transformations of the feature points. More importantly, we find that the obtained feature representations are able to exploit the high temporal resolution of such event-based cameras in generating better feature tracks. 
### 46.Real time backbone for semantic segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06922.pdf)
>  The rapid development of autonomous driving in recent years presents lots of challenges for scene understanding. As an essential step towards scene understanding, semantic segmentation thus received lots of attention in past few years. Although deep learning based state-of-the-arts have achieved great success in improving the segmentation accuracy, most of them suffer from an inefficiency problem and can hardly applied to practical applications. In this paper, we systematically analyze the computation cost of Convolutional Neural Network(CNN) and found that the inefficiency of CNN is mainly caused by its wide structure rather than the deep structure. In addition, the success of pruning based model compression methods proved that there are many redundant channels in CNN. Thus, we designed a very narrow while deep backbone network to improve the efficiency of semantic segmentation. By casting our network to FCN32 segmentation architecture, the basic structure of most segmentation methods, we achieved 60.6\% mIoU on Cityscape val dataset with 54 frame per seconds(FPS) on $1024\times2048$ inputs, which already outperforms one of the earliest real time deep learning based segmentation methods: ENet. 
### 47.Robust Super-Resolution GAN, with Manifold-based and Perception Loss  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06920.pdf)
>  Super-resolution using deep neural networks typically relies on highly curated training sets that are often unavailable in clinical deployment scenarios. Using loss functions that assume Gaussian-distributed residuals makes the learning sensitive to corruptions in clinical training sets. We propose novel loss functions that are robust to corruptions in training sets by modeling heavy-tailed non-Gaussian distributions on the residuals. We propose a loss based on an autoencoder-based manifold-distance between the super-resolved and high-resolution images, to reproduce realistic textural content in super-resolved images. We propose to learn to super-resolve images to match human perceptions of structure, luminance, and contrast. Results on a large clinical dataset shows the advantages of each of our contributions, where our framework improves over the state of the art. 
### 48.A Cross-Season Correspondence Dataset for Robust Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06916.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a method to utilize 2D-2D point matches between images taken during different image conditions to train a convolutional neural network for semantic segmentation. Enforcing label consistency across the matches makes the final segmentation algorithm robust to seasonal changes. We describe how these 2D-2D matches can be generated with little human interaction by geometrically matching points from 3D models built from images. Two cross-season correspondence datasets are created providing 2D-2D matches across seasonal changes as well as from day to night. The datasets are made publicly available to facilitate further research. We show that adding the correspondences as extra supervision during training improves the segmentation performance of the convolutional neural network, making it more robust to seasonal changes and weather conditions. 
### 49.Ontology Based Global and Collective Motion Patterns for Event Classification in Basketball Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06879.pdf)
>  In multi-person videos, especially team sport videos, a semantic event is usually represented as a confrontation between two teams of players, which can be represented as collective motion. In broadcast basketball videos, specific camera motions are used to present specific events. Therefore, a semantic event in broadcast basketball videos is closely related to both the global motion (camera motion) and the collective motion. A semantic event in basketball videos can be generally divided into three stages: pre-event, event occurrence (event-occ), and post-event. In this paper, we propose an ontology-based global and collective motion pattern (On_GCMP) algorithm for basketball event classification. First, a two-stage GCMP based event classification scheme is proposed. The GCMP is extracted using optical flow. The two-stage scheme progressively combines a five-class event classification algorithm on event-occs and a two-class event classification algorithm on pre-events. Both algorithms utilize sequential convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and long short-term memory (LSTM) networks to extract the spatial and temporal features of GCMP for event classification. Second, we utilize post-event segments to predict success/failure using deep features of images in the video frames (RGB_DF_VF) based algorithms. Finally the event classification results and success/failure classification results are integrated to obtain the final results. To evaluate the proposed scheme, we collected a new dataset called NCAA+, which is automatically obtained from the NCAA dataset by extending the fixed length of video clips forward and backward of the corresponding semantic events. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed scheme achieves the mean average precision of 59.22% on NCAA+. It is higher by 7.62% than state-of-the-art on NCAA. 
### 50.Fast Interactive Object Annotation with Curve-GCN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06874.pdf)
>  Manually labeling objects by tracing their boundaries is a laborious process. In Polygon-RNN++ the authors proposed Polygon-RNN that produces polygonal annotations in a recurrent manner using a CNN-RNN architecture, allowing interactive correction via humans-in-the-loop. We propose a new framework that alleviates the sequential nature of Polygon-RNN, by predicting all vertices simultaneously using a Graph Convolutional Network (GCN). Our model is trained end-to-end. It supports object annotation by either polygons or splines, facilitating labeling efficiency for both line-based and curved objects. We show that Curve-GCN outperforms all existing approaches in automatic mode, including the powerful PSP-DeepLab and is significantly more efficient in interactive mode than Polygon-RNN++. Our model runs at 29.3ms in automatic, and 2.6ms in interactive mode, making it 10x and 100x faster than Polygon-RNN++. 
### 51.Domain Generalization by Solving Jigsaw Puzzles  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06864.pdf)
>  Human adaptability relies crucially on the ability to learn and merge knowledge both from supervised and unsupervised learning: the parents point out few important concepts, but then the children fill in the gaps on their own. This is particularly effective, because supervised learning can never be exhaustive and thus learning autonomously allows to discover invariances and regularities that help to generalize. In this paper we propose to apply a similar approach to the task of object recognition across domains: our model learns the semantic labels in a supervised fashion, and broadens its understanding of the data by learning from self-supervised signals how to solve a jigsaw puzzle on the same images. This secondary task helps the network to learn the concepts of spatial correlation while acting as a regularizer for the classification task. Multiple experiments on the PACS, VLCS, Office-Home and digits datasets confirm our intuition and show that this simple method outperforms previous domain generalization and adaptation solutions. An ablation study further illustrates the inner workings of our approach. 
### 52.Learning Super-resolution 3D Segmentation of Plant Root MRI Images from Few Examples  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06855.pdf)
>  Analyzing plant roots is crucial to understand plant performance in different soil environments. While magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) can be used to obtain 3D images of plant roots, extracting the root structural model is challenging due to highly noisy soil environments and low-resolution of MRI images. To improve both contrast and resolution, we adapt the state-of-the-art method RefineNet for 3D segmentation of the plant root MRI images in super-resolution. The networks are trained from few manual segmentations that are augmented by geometric transformations, realistic noise, and other variabilities. The resulting segmentations contain most root structures, including branches not extracted by the human annotator. 
### 53.Directional PointNet: 3D Environmental Classification for Wearable Robotics  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06846.pdf)
>  Environmental information can provide reliable prior information of human motion intent, which can aid the subject with wearable robotics to walk in complex environments. Previous researches have utilized 1D signal and 2D images to classify environments, but they may face the problems of self-occlusion. Comparatively, 3D point cloud can be more appropriate to depict environments, thus we propose a directional PointNet to classify 3D point cloud directly. By utilizing the orientation information of the point cloud, the directional PointNet can classify daily terrains, including level ground, up stairs, and down stairs, and the classification accuracy achieves 99% for testing set. Moreover, the directional PointNet is more efficient than the previous PointNet because the T-net, which is utilized to estimate the transformation of the point cloud, is removed in this research and the length of the global feature is optimized. The experimental results demonstrate that the directional PointNet can classify the environments robustly and efficiently. 
### 54.Visual recognition in the wild by sampling deep similarity functions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06837.pdf)
>  Recognising relevant objects or object states in its environment is a basic capability for an autonomous robot. The dominant approach to object recognition in images and range images is classification by supervised machine learning, nowadays mostly with deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs). This works well for target classes whose variability can be completely covered with training examples. However, a robot moving in the wild, i.e., in an environment that is not known at the time the recognition system is trained, will often face \emph{domain shift}: the training data cannot be assumed to exhaustively cover all the within-class variability that will be encountered in the test data. In that situation, learning is in principle possible, since the training set does capture the defining properties, respectively dissimilarities, of the target classes. But directly training a CNN to predict class probabilities is prone to overfitting to irrelevant correlations between the class labels and the specific subset of the target class that is represented in the training set. We explore the idea to instead learn a Siamese CNN that acts as similarity function between pairs of training examples. Class predictions are then obtained by measuring the similarities between a new test instance and the training samples. We show that the CNN embedding correctly recovers the relative similarities to arbitrary class exemplars in the training set. And that therefore few, randomly picked training exemplars are sufficient to achieve good predictions, making the procedure efficient. 
### 55.Detecting GAN generated Fake Images using Co-occurrence Matrices  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06836.pdf)
>  The advent of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) has brought about completely novel ways of transforming and manipulating pixels in digital images. GAN based techniques such as Image-to-Image translations, DeepFakes, and other automated methods have become increasingly popular in creating fake images. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to detect GAN generated fake images using a combination of co-occurrence matrices and deep learning. We extract co-occurrence matrices on three color channels in the pixel domain and train a model using a deep convolutional neural network (CNN) framework. Experimental results on two diverse and challenging GAN datasets comprising more than 56,000 images based on unpaired image-to-image translations (cycleGAN [1]) and facial attributes/expressions (StarGAN [2]) show that our approach is promising and achieves more than 99% classification accuracy in both datasets. Further, our approach also generalizes well and achieves good results when trained on one dataset and tested on the other. 
### 56.Generate What You Can&#39;t See - a View-dependent Image Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06814.pdf)
>  In order to operate autonomously, a robot should explore the environment and build a model of each of the surrounding objects. A common approach is to carefully scan the whole workspace. This is time-consuming. It is also often impossible to reach all the viewpoints required to acquire full knowledge about the environment. Humans can perform shape completion of occluded objects by relying on past experience. Therefore, we propose a method that generates images of an object from various viewpoints using a single input RGB image. A deep neural network is trained to imagine the object appearance from many viewpoints. We present the whole pipeline, which takes a single RGB image as input and returns a sequence of RGB and depth images of the object. The method utilizes a CNN-based object detector to extract the object from the natural scene. Then, the proposed network generates a set of RGB and depth images. We show the results both on a synthetic dataset and on real images. 
### 57.Calibration of Asynchronous Camera Networks for Object Reconstruction Tasks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06811.pdf)
>  Camera network and multi-camera calibration for external parameters is a necessary step for a variety of contexts in computer vision and robotics, ranging from three-dimensional reconstruction to human activity tracking. This paper describes a method for camera network and/or multi-camera calibration suitable for specific contexts: the cameras may not all have a common field of view, or if they do, there may be some views that are 180 degrees from one another, and the network may be asynchronous. The calibration object required is one or more planar calibration patterns, rigidly attached to one another, and are distinguishable from one another, such as aruco or charuco patterns. We formulate the camera network and/or multi-camera calibration problem in this context using rigidity constraints, represented as a system of equations, and an approximate solution is found through a two-step process. Synthetic and real experiments, including scenarios of a asynchronous camera network and rotating imaging system, demonstrate the method in a variety of settings. Reconstruction accuracy error was less than 0.5 mm for all datasets. This method is suitable for new users to calibrate a camera network, and the modularity of the calibration object also allows for disassembly, shipping, and the use of this method in a variety of large and small spaces. 
### 58.Low Power Inference for On-Device Visual Recognition with a Quantization-Friendly Solution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06791.pdf)
>  The IEEE Low-Power Image Recognition Challenge (LPIRC) is an annual competition started in 2015 that encourages joint hardware and software solutions for computer vision systems with low latency and power. Track 1 of the competition in 2018 focused on the innovation of software solutions with fixed inference engine and hardware. This decision allows participants to submit models online and not worry about building and bringing custom hardware on-site, which attracted a historically large number of submissions. Among the diverse solutions, the winning solution proposed a quantization-friendly framework for MobileNets that achieves an accuracy of 72.67% on the holdout dataset with an average latency of 27ms on a single CPU core of Google Pixel2 phone, which is superior to the best real-time MobileNet models at the time. 
### 59.Live Reconstruction of Large-Scale Dynamic Outdoor Worlds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06708.pdf)
>  Standard 3D reconstruction pipelines assume stationary world, therefore suffer from ``ghost artifacts&#39;&#39; whenever dynamic objects are present in the scene. Recent approaches has started tackling this issue, however, they typically either only discard dynamic information, represent it using bounding boxes or per-frame depth or rely on approaches that are inherently slow and not suitable to online settings. <br />We propose an end-to-end system for live reconstruction of large-scale outdoor dynamic environments. We leverage recent advances in computationally efficient data-driven approaches for 6 DoF object pose estimation to segment the scene into objects and stationary ``background&#39;&#39;. This allows us to represent the scene using a time-dependent (dynamic) map, in which each object is explicitly represented as a separate instance and reconstructed in its own volume. For each time step, our dynamic map maintains a relative pose of each volume with respect to the stationary background. Our system operates in incremental manner which is essential for on-line reconstruction, handles large-scale environments with objects at large distances and runs in (near) real-time. We demonstrate the efficacy of our approach on the KITTI dataset, and provide qualitative and quantitative results showing high-quality dense 3D reconstructions of a number of dynamic scenes. 
### 60.Patch Clustering for Representation of Histopathology Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07013.pdf)
>  Whole Slide Imaging (WSI) has become an important topic during the last decade. Even though significant progress in both medical image processing and computational resources has been achieved, there are still problems in WSI that need to be solved. A major challenge is the scan size. The dimensions of digitized tissue samples may exceed 100,000 by 100,000 pixels causing memory and efficiency obstacles for real-time processing. The main contribution of this work is representing a WSI by selecting a small number of patches for algorithmic processing (e.g., indexing and search). As a result, we reduced the search time and storage by various factors between ($50\% - 90\%$), while losing only a few percentages in the patch retrieval accuracy. A self-organizing map (SOM) has been applied on local binary patterns (LBP) and deep features of the KimiaPath24 dataset in order to cluster patches that share the same characteristics. We used a Gaussian mixture model (GMM) to represent each class with a rather small ($10\%-50\%$) portion of patches. The results showed that LBP features can outperform deep features. By selecting only $50\%$ of all patches after SOM clustering and GMM patch selection, we received $65\%$ accuracy for retrieval of the best match, while the maximum accuracy (using all patches) was $69\%$. 
### 61.Deep Features for Tissue-Fold Detection in Histopathology Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.07011.pdf)
>  Whole slide imaging (WSI) refers to the digitization of a tissue specimen which enables pathologists to explore high-resolution images on a monitor rather than through a microscope. The formation of tissue folds occur during tissue processing. Their presence may not only cause out-of-focus digitization but can also negatively affect the diagnosis in some cases. In this paper, we have compared five pre-trained convolutional neural networks (CNNs) of different depths as feature extractors to characterize tissue folds. We have also explored common classifiers to discriminate folded tissue against the normal tissue in hematoxylin and eosin (H\&amp;E) stained biopsy samples. In our experiments, we manually select the folded area in roughly 2.5mm $\times$ 2.5mm patches at $20$x magnification level as the training data. The ``DenseNet&#39;&#39; with 201 layers alongside an SVM classifier outperformed all other configurations. Based on the leave-one-out validation strategy, we achieved $96.3\%$ accuracy, whereas with augmentation the accuracy increased to $97.2\%$. We have tested the generalization of our method with five unseen WSIs from the NIH (National Cancer Institute) dataset. The accuracy for patch-wise detection was $81\%$. One folded patch within an image suffices to flag the entire specimen for visual inspection. 
### 62.Classification of dry age-related macular degeneration and diabetic macular edema from optical coherence tomography images using dictionary learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06909.pdf)
>  Age-related Macular Degeneration (AMD) and Diabetic Macular Edema (DME) are the major causes of vision loss in developed countries. Alteration of retinal layer structure and appearance of exudate are the most significant signs of these diseases. With the aim of automatic classification of DME, AMD and normal subjects from Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) images, we proposed a classification algorithm. The two important issues intended in this approach are, not utilizing retinal layer segmentation which by itself is a challenging task and attempting to identify diseases in their early stages, where the signs of diseases appear in a small fraction of B-Scans. We used a histogram of oriented gradients (HOG) feature descriptor to well characterize the distribution of local intensity gradients and edge directions. In order to capture the structure of extracted features, we employed different dictionary learning-based classifiers. Our dataset consists of 45 subjects: 15 patients with AMD, 15 patients with DME and 15 normal subjects. The proposed classifier leads to an accuracy of 95.13%, 100.00%, and 100.00% for DME, AMD, and normal OCT images, respectively, only by considering the 4% of all B-Scans of a volume which outperforms the state of the art methods. 
### 63.Zero Shot Learning with the Isoperimetric Loss  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06781.pdf)
>  We introduce the isoperimetric loss as a regularization criterion for learning the map from a visual representation to a semantic embedding, to be used to transfer knowledge to unknown classes in a zero-shot learning setting. We use a pre-trained deep neural network model as a visual representation of image data, a Word2Vec embedding of class labels, and linear maps between the visual and semantic embedding spaces. However, the spaces themselves are not linear, and we postulate the sample embedding to be populated by noisy samples near otherwise smooth manifolds. We exploit the graph structure defined by the sample points to regularize the estimates of the manifolds by inferring the graph connectivity using a generalization of the isoperimetric inequalities from Riemannian geometry to graphs. Surprisingly, this regularization alone, paired with the simplest baseline model, outperforms the state-of-the-art among fully automated methods in zero-shot learning benchmarks such as AwA and CUB. This improvement is achieved solely by learning the structure of the underlying spaces by imposing regularity. 
### 64.Smart, Deep Copy-Paste  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06763.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a novel system for smart copy-paste, enabling the synthesis of high-quality results given a masked source image content and a target image context as input. Our system naturally resolves both shading and geometric inconsistencies between source and target image, resulting in a merged result image that features the content from the pasted source image, seamlessly pasted into the target context. Our framework is based on a novel training image transformation procedure that allows to train a deep convolutional neural network end-to-end to automatically learn a representation that is suitable for copy-pasting. Our training procedure works with any image dataset without additional information such as labels, and we demonstrate the effectiveness of our system on two popular datasets, high-resolution face images and the more complex Cityscapes dataset. Our technique outperforms the current state of the art on face images, and we show promising results on the Cityscapes dataset, demonstrating that our system generalizes to much higher resolution than the training data. 
### 65.Atari-HEAD: Atari Human Eye-Tracking and Demonstration Dataset  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.06754.pdf)
>  We introduce a large-scale dataset of human actions and eye movements while playing Atari videos games. The dataset currently has 44 hours of gameplay data from 16 games and a total of 2.97 million demonstrated actions. Human subjects played games in a frame-by-frame manner to allow enough decision time in order to obtain near-optimal decisions. This dataset could be potentially used for research in imitation learning, reinforcement learning, and visual saliency. 
### 66.Multiparametric Deep Learning Tissue Signatures for a Radiological Biomarker of Breast Cancer: Preliminary Results  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1802.08200.pdf)
>  A new paradigm is beginning to emerge in Radiology with the advent of increased computational capabilities and algorithms. This has led to the ability of real time learning by computer systems of different lesion types to help the radiologist in defining disease. For example, using a deep learning network, we developed and tested a multiparametric deep learning (MPDL) network for segmentation and classification using multiparametric magnetic resonance imaging (mpMRI) radiological images. The MPDL network was constructed from stacked sparse autoencoders with inputs from mpMRI. Evaluation of MPDL consisted of cross-validation, sensitivity, and specificity. Dice similarity between MPDL and post-DCE lesions were evaluated. We demonstrate high sensitivity and specificity for differentiation of malignant from benign lesions of 90% and 85% respectively with an AUC of 0.93. The Integrated MPDL method accurately segmented and classified different breast tissue from multiparametric breast MRI using deep leaning tissue signatures. 
