# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 11 Mar 2019
### 1.Geometry-Aware Graph Transforms for Light Field Compact Representation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03556.pdf)
>  The paper addresses the problem of energy compaction of dense 4D light fields by designing geometry-aware local graph-based transforms. Local graphs are constructed on super-rays that can be seen as a grouping of spatially and geometry-dependent angularly correlated pixels. Both non separable and separable transforms are considered. Despite the local support of limited size defined by the super-rays, the Laplacian matrix of the non separable graph remains of high dimension and its diagonalization to compute the transform eigen vectors remains computationally expensive. To solve this problem, we then perform the local spatio-angular transform in a separable manner. We show that when the shape of corresponding super-pixels in the different views is not isometric, the basis functions of the spatial transforms are not coherent, resulting in decreased correlation between spatial transform coefficients. We hence propose a novel transform optimization method that aims at preserving angular correlation even when the shapes of the super-pixels are not isometric. Experimental results show the benefit of the approach in terms of energy compaction. A coding scheme is also described to assess the rate-distortion perfomances of the proposed transforms and is compared to state of the art encoders namely HEVC and JPEG Pleno VM 1.1. 
### 2.Prediction and Sampling with Local Graph Transforms for Quasi-Lossless Light Field Compression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03546.pdf)
>  Graph-based transforms have been shown to be powerful tools in terms of image energy compaction. However, when the support increases to best capture signal dependencies, the computation of the basis functions becomes rapidly untractable. This problem is in particular compelling for high dimensional imaging data such as light fields. The use of local transforms with limited supports is a way to cope with this computational difficulty. Unfortunately, the locality of the support may not allow us to fully exploit long term signal dependencies present in both the spatial and angular dimensions in the case of light fields. This paper describes sampling and prediction schemes with local graph-based transforms enabling to efficiently compact the signal energy and exploit dependencies beyond the local graph support. The proposed approach is investigated and is shown to be very efficient in the context of spatio-angular transforms for quasi-lossless compression of light fields. 
### 3.Unsupervised Learning of Probabilistic Diffeomorphic Registration for Images and Surfaces  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03545.pdf)
>  Classical deformable registration techniques achieve impressive results and offer a rigorous theoretical treatment, but are computationally intensive since they solve an optimization problem for each image pair. Recently, learning-based methods have facilitated fast registration by learning spatial deformation functions. However, these approaches use restricted deformation models, require supervised labels, or do not guarantee a diffeomorphic (topology-preserving) registration. Furthermore, learning-based registration tools have not been derived from a probabilistic framework that can offer uncertainty estimates. <br />In this paper, we build a connection between classical and learning-based methods. We present a probabilistic generative model and derive an unsupervised learning-based inference algorithm that uses insights from classical registration methods and makes use of recent developments in convolutional neural networks (CNNs). We demonstrate our method on a 3D brain registration task for both images and anatomical surfaces, and provide extensive empirical analyses of the algorithm. Our principled approach results in state of the art accuracy and very fast runtimes, while providing diffeomorphic guarantees. Our implementation is available online at <a href="http://voxelmorph.csail.mit.edu">this http URL</a>. 
### 4.DSM Building Shape Refinement from Combined Remote Sensing Images based on Wnet-cGANs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03519.pdf)
>  We describe the workflow of a digital surface models (DSMs) refinement algorithm using a hybrid conditional generative adversarial network (cGAN) where the generative part consists of two parallel networks merged at the last stage forming a WNet architecture. The inputs to the so-called WNet-cGAN are stereo DSMs and panchromatic (PAN) half-meter resolution satellite images. Fusing these helps to propagate fine detailed information from a spectral image and complete the missing 3D knowledge from a stereo DSM about building shapes. Besides, it refines the building outlines and edges making them more rectangular and sharp. 
### 5.OpenCL-based FPGA accelerator for disparity map generation with stereoscopic event cameras  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03509.pdf)
>  Although event-based cameras are already commercially available. Vision algorithms based on them are still not common. As a consequence, there are few Hardware Accelerators for them. In this work we present some experiments to create FPGA accelerators for a well-known vision algorithm using event-based cameras. We present a stereo matching algorithm to create a stream of disparity events disparity map and implement several accelerators using the Intel FPGA OpenCL tool-chain. The results show that multiple designs can be easily tested and that a performance speedup of more than 8x can be achieved with simple code transformations. 
### 6.Unsupervised Data Imputation via Variational Inference of Deep Subspaces  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03503.pdf)
>  A wide range of systems exhibit high dimensional incomplete data. Accurate estimation of the missing data is often desired, and is crucial for many downstream analyses. Many state-of-the-art recovery methods involve supervised learning using datasets containing full observations. In contrast, we focus on unsupervised estimation of missing image data, where no full observations are available - a common situation in practice. Unsupervised imputation methods for images often employ a simple linear subspace to capture correlations between data dimensions, omitting more complex relationships. In this work, we introduce a general probabilistic model that describes sparse high dimensional imaging data as being generated by a deep non-linear embedding. We derive a learning algorithm using a variational approximation based on convolutional neural networks and discuss its relationship to linear imputation models, the variational auto encoder, and deep image priors. We introduce sparsity-aware network building blocks that explicitly model observed and missing data. We analyze proposed sparsity-aware network building blocks, evaluate our method on public domain imaging datasets, and conclude by showing that our method enables imputation in an important real-world problem involving medical images. The code is freely available as part of the \verb|neuron| library at <a href="http://github.com/adalca/neuron">this http URL</a>. 
### 7.A Three-Player GAN: Generating Hard Samples To Improve Classification Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03496.pdf)
>  We propose a Three-Player Generative Adversarial Network to improve classification networks. In addition to the game played between the discriminator and generator, a competition is introduced between the generator and the classifier. The generator&#39;s objective is to synthesize samples that are both realistic and hard to label for the classifier. Even though we make no assumptions on the type of augmentations to learn, we find that the model is able to synthesize realistically looking examples that are hard for the classification model. Furthermore, the classifier becomes more robust when trained on these difficult samples. The method is evaluated on a public dataset for traffic sign recognition. 
### 8.Auto-Encoding Progressive Generative Adversarial Networks For 3D Multi Object Scenes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03477.pdf)
>  3D multi object generative models allow us to synthesize a large range of novel 3D multi object scenes and also identify objects, shapes, layouts and their positions. But multi object scenes are difficult to create because of the dataset being multimodal in nature. The conventional 3D generative adversarial models are not efficient in generating multi object scenes, they usually tend to generate either one object or generate fuzzy results of multiple objects. Auto-encoder models have much scope in feature extraction and representation learning using the unsupervised paradigm in probabilistic spaces. We try to make use of this property in our proposed model. In this paper we propose a novel architecture using 3DConvNets trained with the progressive training paradigm that has been able to generate realistic high resolution 3D scenes of rooms, bedrooms, offices etc. with various pieces of furniture and objects. We make use of the adversarial auto-encoder along with the WGAN-GP loss parameter in our discriminator loss function. Finally this new approach to multi object scene generation has also been able to generate more number of objects per scene. 
### 9.On Boosting Semantic Street Scene Segmentation with Weak Supervision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03462.pdf)
>  Training convolutional networks for semantic segmentation requires per-pixel ground truth labels, which are very time consuming and hence costly to obtain. Therefore, in this work, we research and develop a hierarchical deep network architecture and the corresponding loss for semantic segmentation that can be trained from weak supervision, such as bounding boxes or image level labels, as well as from strong per-pixel supervision. We demonstrate that the hierarchical structure and the simultaneous training on strong (per-pixel) and weak (bounding boxes) labels, even from separate datasets, constantly increases the performance against per-pixel only training. Moreover, we explore the more challenging case of adding weak image-level labels. We collect street scene images and weak labels from the immense Open Images dataset to generate the OpenScapes dataset, and we use this novel dataset to increase segmentation performance on two established per-pixel labeled datasets, Cityscapes and Vistas. We report performance gains up to +13.2% mIoU on crucial street scene classes, and inference speed of 20 fps on a Titan V GPU for Cityscapes at 512 x 1024 resolution. Our network and OpenScapes dataset are shared with the research community. 
### 10.Joint Learning of Brain Lesion and Anatomy Segmentation from Heterogeneous Datasets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03445.pdf)
>  Brain lesion and anatomy segmentation in magnetic resonance images are fundamental tasks in neuroimaging research and clinical practice. Given enough training data, convolutional neuronal networks (CNN) proved to outperform all existent techniques in both tasks independently. However, to date, little work has been done regarding simultaneous learning of brain lesion and anatomy segmentation from disjoint datasets. <br />In this work we focus on training a single CNN model to predict brain tissue and lesion segmentations using heterogeneous datasets labeled independently, according to only one of these tasks (a common scenario when using publicly available datasets). We show that label contradiction issues can arise in this case, and propose a novel adaptive cross entropy (ACE) loss function that makes such training possible. We provide quantitative evaluation in two different scenarios, benchmarking the proposed method in comparison with a multi-network approach. Our experiments suggest that ACE loss enables training of single models when standard cross entropy and Dice loss functions tend to fail. Moreover, we show that it is possible to achieve competitive results when comparing with multiple networks trained for independent tasks. 
### 11.Unsupervised Medical Image Translation Using Cycle-MedGAN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03374.pdf)
>  Image-to-image translation is a new field in computer vision with multiple potential applications in the medical domain. However, for supervised image translation frameworks, co-registered datasets, paired in a pixel-wise sense, are required. This is often difficult to acquire in realistic medical scenarios. On the other hand, unsupervised translation frameworks often result in blurred translated images with unrealistic details. In this work, we propose a new unsupervised translation framework which is titled Cycle-MedGAN. The proposed framework utilizes new non-adversarial cycle losses which direct the framework to minimize the textural and perceptual discrepancies in the translated images. Qualitative and quantitative comparisons against other unsupervised translation approaches demonstrate the performance of the proposed framework for PET-CT translation and MR motion correction. 
### 12.Semantically Tied Paired Cycle Consistency for Zero-Shot Sketch-based Image Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03372.pdf)
>  Zero-shot sketch-based image retrieval (SBIR) is an emerging task in computer vision, allowing to retrieve natural images relevant to sketch queries that might not been seen in the training phase. Existing works either require aligned sketch-image pairs or inefficient memory fusion layer for mapping the visual information to a semantic space. In this work, we propose a semantically aligned paired cycle-consistent generative (SEM-PCYC) model for zero-shot SBIR, where each branch maps the visual information to a common semantic space via an adversarial training. Each of these branches maintains a cycle consistency that only requires supervision at category levels, and avoids the need of highly-priced aligned sketch-image pairs. A classification criteria on the generators&#39; outputs ensures the visual to semantic space mapping to be discriminating. Furthermore, we propose to combine textual and hierarchical side information via a feature selection auto-encoder that selects discriminating side information within a same end-to-end model. Our results demonstrate a significant boost in zero-shot SBIR performance over the state-of-the-art on the challenging Sketchy and TU-Berlin datasets. 
### 13.ICDAR 2019 Historical Document Reading Challenge on Large Structured Chinese Family Records  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03341.pdf)
>  We propose a Historical Document Reading Challenge on Large Chinese Structured Family Records, in short ICDAR2019 HDRC CHINESE. The objective of the proposed competition is to recognize and analyze the layout, and finally detect and recognize the textlines and characters of the large historical document collection containing more than 20 000 pages kindly provided by FamilySearch. 
### 14.Learning to Estimate Pose and Shape of Hand-Held Objects from RGB Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03340.pdf)
>  We develop a system for modeling hand-object interactions in 3D from RGB images that show a hand which is holding a novel object from a known category. We design a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) for Hand-held Object Pose and Shape estimation called HOPS-Net and utilize prior work to estimate the hand pose and configuration. We leverage the insight that information about the hand facilitates object pose and shape estimation by incorporating the hand into both training and inference of the object pose and shape as well as the refinement of the estimated pose. The network is trained on a large synthetic dataset of objects in interaction with a human hand. To bridge the gap between real and synthetic images, we employ an image-to-image translation model (Augmented CycleGAN) that generates realistically textured objects given a synthetic rendering. This provides a scalable way of generating annotated data for training HOPS-Net. Our quantitative experiments show that even noisy hand parameters significantly help object pose and shape estimation. The qualitative experiments show results of pose and shape estimation of objects held by a hand &#34;in the wild&#34;. 
### 15.Complex Valued Gated Auto-encoder for Video Frame Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03336.pdf)
>  In recent years, complex valued artificial neural networks have gained increasing interest as they allow neural networks to learn richer representations while potentially incorporating less parameters. Especially in the domain of computer graphics, many traditional operations rely heavily on computations in the complex domain, thus complex valued neural networks apply naturally. In this paper, we perform frame predictions in video sequences using a complex valued gated auto-encoder. First, our method is motivated showing how the Fourier transform can be seen as the basis for translational operations. Then, we present how a complex neural network can learn such transformations and compare its performance and parameter efficiency to a real-valued gated autoencoder. Furthermore, we show how extending both - the real and the complex valued - neural networks by using convolutional units can significantly improve prediction performance and parameter efficiency. The networks are assessed on a moving noise and a bouncing ball dataset. 
### 16.Knowledge-Embedded Routing Network for Scene Graph Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03326.pdf)
>  To understand a scene in depth not only involves locating/recognizing individual objects, but also requires to infer the relationships and interactions among them. However, since the distribution of real-world relationships is seriously unbalanced, existing methods perform quite poorly for the less frequent relationships. In this work, we find that the statistical correlations between object pairs and their relationships can effectively regularize semantic space and make prediction less ambiguous, and thus well address the unbalanced distribution issue. To achieve this, we incorporate these statistical correlations into deep neural networks to facilitate scene graph generation by developing a Knowledge-Embedded Routing Network. More specifically, we show that the statistical correlations between objects appearing in images and their relationships, can be explicitly represented by a structured knowledge graph, and a routing mechanism is learned to propagate messages through the graph to explore their interactions. Extensive experiments on the large-scale Visual Genome dataset demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method over current state-of-the-art competitors. 
### 17.3DN: 3D Deformation Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03322.pdf)
>  Applications in virtual and augmented reality create a demand for rapid creation and easy access to large sets of 3D models. An effective way to address this demand is to edit or deform existing 3D models based on a reference, e.g., a 2D image which is very easy to acquire. Given such a source 3D model and a target which can be a 2D image, 3D model, or a point cloud acquired as a depth scan, we introduce 3DN, an end-to-end network that deforms the source model to resemble the target. Our method infers per-vertex offset displacements while keeping the mesh connectivity of the source model fixed. We present a training strategy which uses a novel differentiable operation, mesh sampling operator, to generalize our method across source and target models with varying mesh densities. Mesh sampling operator can be seamlessly integrated into the network to handle meshes with different topologies. Qualitative and quantitative results show that our method generates higher quality results compared to the state-of-the art learning-based methods for 3D shape generation. Code is available at github.com/laughtervv/3DN. 
### 18.Semi- and Weakly Supervised Directional Bootstrapping Model for Automated Skin Lesion Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03313.pdf)
>  Automated skin lesion segmentation on dermoscopy images is an essential and challenging task in the computer-aided diagnosis of skin cancer. Despite their prevalence and relatively good performance, deep learning based segmentation methods require a myriad number of training images with pixel-level dense annotation, which is hard to obtain due to the efforts and costs related to dermoscopy images acquisition and annotation. In this paper, we propose the semi- and weakly supervised directional bootstrapping (SWSDB) model for skin lesion segmentation, which consists of three deep convolutional neural networks: a coarse segmentation network (coarse-SN), a dilated classification network (dilated-CN) and an enhanced segmentation network (enhanced-SN). Both the coarse-SN and enhanced-SN are trained using the images with pixel-level annotation, and the dilated-CN is trained using the images with image-level class labels. The coarse-SN generates rough segmentation masks that provide a prior bootstrapping for the dilated-CN and help it produce accurate lesion localization maps. The maps are then fed into the enhanced-SN to transfer the localization information learned from image-level labels to the enhanced-SN to generate segmentation results. Furthermore, we introduce a hybrid loss that is the weighted sum of a dice loss and a rank loss to the coarse-SN and enhanced-SN, ensuring both networks&#39; good compatibility for the data with imbalanced classes and imbalanced hard-easy pixels. We evaluated the proposed SWSDB model on the ISIC-2017 challenge dataset and PH2 dataset and achieved a Jaccard index of 80.4% and 89.4%, respectively, setting a new record in skin lesion segmentation. 
### 19.Learning from Synthetic Data for Crowd Counting in the Wild  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03303.pdf)
>  Recently, counting the number of people for crowd scenes is a hot topic because of its widespread applications (e.g. video surveillance, public security). It is a difficult task in the wild: changeable environment, large-range number of people cause the current methods can not work well. In addition, due to the scarce data, many methods suffer from over-fitting to a different extent. To remedy the above two problems, firstly, we develop a data collector and labeler, which can generate the synthetic crowd scenes and simultaneously annotate them without any manpower. Based on it, we build a large-scale, diverse synthetic dataset. Secondly, we propose two schemes that exploit the synthetic data to boost the performance of crowd counting in the wild: 1) pretrain a crowd counter on the synthetic data, then finetune it using the real data, which significantly prompts the model&#39;s performance on real data; 2) propose a crowd counting method via domain adaptation, which can free humans from heavy data annotations. Extensive experiments show that the first method achieves the state-of-the-art performance on four real datasets, and the second outperforms our baselines. The dataset and source code are available at <a href="https://gjy3035.github.io/GCC-CL/">this https URL</a>. 
### 20.Efficient Video Scene Text Spotting: Unifying Detection, Tracking, and Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03299.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an unified framework for efficiently spotting scene text in videos. The method localizes and tracks text in each frame, and recognizes each tracked text stream one-time. Specifically, we first train a spatial-temporal text detector for localizing text regions in the sequential frames. Secondly, a well-designed text tracker is trained for grouping the localized text regions into corresponding cropped text streams. To efficiently spot video text, we recognize each tracked text stream one-time with a text region quality scoring mechanism instead of identifying the cropped text regions one-by-one. Experiments on two public benchmarks demonstrate that our method achieves impressive performance. 
### 21.Learning Regularity in Skeleton Trajectories for Anomaly Detection in Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03295.pdf)
>  Appearance features have been widely used in video anomaly detection even though they contain complex entangled factors. We propose a new method to model the normal patterns of human movements in surveillance video for anomaly detection using dynamic skeleton features. We decompose the skeletal movements into two sub-components: global body movement and local body posture. We model the dynamics and interaction of the coupled features in our novel Message-Passing Encoder-Decoder Recurrent Network. We observed that the decoupled features collaboratively interact in our spatio-temporal model to accurately identify human-related irregular events from surveillance video sequences. Compared to traditional appearance-based models, our method achieves superior outlier detection performance. Our model also offers &#34;open-box&#34; examination and decision explanation made possible by the semantically understandable features and a network architecture supporting interpretability. 
### 22.FastDepth: Fast Monocular Depth Estimation on Embedded Systems  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03273.pdf)
>  Depth sensing is a critical function for robotic tasks such as localization, mapping and obstacle detection. There has been a significant and growing interest in depth estimation from a single RGB image, due to the relatively low cost and size of monocular cameras. However, state-of-the-art single-view depth estimation algorithms are based on fairly complex deep neural networks that are too slow for real-time inference on an embedded platform, for instance, mounted on a micro aerial vehicle. In this paper, we address the problem of fast depth estimation on embedded systems. We propose an efficient and lightweight encoder-decoder network architecture and apply network pruning to further reduce computational complexity and latency. In particular, we focus on the design of a low-latency decoder. Our methodology demonstrates that it is possible to achieve similar accuracy as prior work on depth estimation, but at inference speeds that are an order of magnitude faster. Our proposed network, FastDepth, runs at 178 fps on an NVIDIA Jetson TX2 GPU and at 27 fps when using only the TX2 CPU, with active power consumption under 10 W. FastDepth achieves close to state-of-the-art accuracy on the NYU Depth v2 dataset. To the best of the authors&#39; knowledge, this paper demonstrates real-time monocular depth estimation using a deep neural network with the lowest latency and highest throughput on an embedded platform that can be carried by a micro aerial vehicle. 
### 23.Ranked List Loss for Deep Metric Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03238.pdf)
>  The objective of deep metric learning (DML) is to learn embeddings that can capture semantic similarity information among data points. Existing pairwise or tripletwise loss functions used in DML are known to suffer from slow convergence due to a large proportion of trivial pairs or triplets as the model improves. To improve this, rankingmotivated structured losses are proposed recently to incorporate multiple examples and exploit the structured information among them. They converge faster and achieve state-of-the-art performance. In this work, we present two limitations of existing ranking-motivated structured losses and propose a novel ranked list loss to solve both of them. First, given a query, only a fraction of data points is incorporated to build the similarity structure. Consequently, some useful examples are ignored and the structure is less informative. To address this, we propose to build a setbased similarity structure by exploiting all instances in the gallery. The samples are split into a positive and a negative set. Our objective is to make the query closer to the positive set than to the negative set by a margin. Second, previous methods aim to pull positive pairs as close as possible in the embedding space. As a result, the intraclass data distribution might be dropped. In contrast, we propose to learn a hypersphere for each class in order to preserve the similarity structure inside it. Our extensive experiments show that the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance on three widely used benchmarks. 
### 24.Pattern Recognition in SAR Images using Fractional Random Fields and its Possible Application to the Problem of the Detection of Oil Spills in Open Sea  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03221.pdf)
>  In this note we deal with the detection of oil spills in open sea via self similar, long range dependence random fields and wavelet filters. We show some preliminary experimental results of our technique with Sentinel 1 SAR images. 
### 25.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation using Feature-Whitening and Consensus Loss  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03215.pdf)
>  A classifier trained on a dataset seldom works on other datasets obtained under different conditions due to domain shift. This problem is commonly addressed by domain adaptation methods. In this work we introduce a novel deep learning framework which unifies different paradigms in unsupervised domain adaptation. Specifically, we propose domain alignment layers which implement feature whitening for the purpose of matching source and target feature distributions. Additionally, we leverage the unlabeled target data by proposing the Min-Entropy Consensus loss, which regularizes training while avoiding the adoption of many user-defined hyper-parameters. We report results on publicly available datasets, considering both digit classification and object recognition tasks. We show that, in most of our experiments, our approach improves upon previous methods, setting new state-of-the-art performances. 
### 26.Root Identification in Minirhizotron Imagery with Multiple Instance Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03207.pdf)
>  In this paper, multiple instance learning (MIL) algorithms to automatically perform root detection and segmentation in minirhizotron imagery using only image-level labels are proposed. Root and soil characteristics vary from location to location, thus, supervised machine learning approaches that are trained with local data provide the best ability to identify and segment roots in minirhizotron imagery. However, labeling roots for training data (or otherwise) is an extremely tedious and time-consuming task. This paper aims to address this problem by labeling data at the image level (rather than the individual root or root pixel level) and train algorithms to perform individual root pixel level segmentation using MIL strategies. Three MIL methods (MI-ACE, miSVM, MIForests) were applied to root detection and compared to non-MIL approches. The results show that MIL methods improve root segmentation in challenging minirhizotron imagery and reduce the labeling burden. In our results, miSVM outperformed other methods. The MI-ACE algorithm was a close second with an added advantage that it learned an interpretable root signature which identified the traits used to distinguish roots from soil and did not require parameter selection. 
### 27.Fast Video Retargeting Based on Seam Carving with Parental Labeling  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03180.pdf)
>  Seam carving is a state-of-the-art content-aware image resizing technique that effectively preserves the salient areas of an image. However, when applied to video retargeting, not only is it time intensive, but it also creates highly visible frame-wise discontinuities. In this paper, we propose a novel video retargeting method based on seam carving. First, for a single frame, we locate and remove several seams instead of one seam at once. Second, we use a dynamic spatiotemporal buffer of energy maps and a standard deviation operator to carve out the same seams in a temporal cube of frames with low variation in energy. Last but not least, an improved energy function that considers motions detected through difference method is employed. During testing, these enhancements result in a 93 percent reduction in processing time and a higher frame-wise consistency, thus showing superior performance compared to existing video retargeting methods. 
### 28.CLEVR-Dialog: A Diagnostic Dataset for Multi-Round Reasoning in Visual Dialog  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03166.pdf)
>  Visual Dialog is a multimodal task of answering a sequence of questions grounded in an image, using the conversation history as context. It entails challenges in vision, language, reasoning, and grounding. However, studying these subtasks in isolation on large, real datasets is infeasible as it requires prohibitively-expensive complete annotation of the &#39;state&#39; of all images and dialogs. <br />We develop CLEVR-Dialog, a large diagnostic dataset for studying multi-round reasoning in visual dialog. Specifically, we construct a dialog grammar that is grounded in the scene graphs of the images from the CLEVR dataset. This combination results in a dataset where all aspects of the visual dialog are fully annotated. In total, CLEVR-Dialog contains 5 instances of 10-round dialogs for about 85k CLEVR images, totaling to 4.25M question-answer pairs. <br />We use CLEVR-Dialog to benchmark performance of standard visual dialog models; in particular, on visual coreference resolution (as a function of the coreference distance). This is the first analysis of its kind for visual dialog models that was not possible without this dataset. We hope the findings from CLEVR-Dialog will help inform the development of future models for visual dialog. Our dataset and code will be made public. 
### 29.Deep CNN-based Multi-task Learning for Open-Set Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03161.pdf)
>  We propose a novel deep convolutional neural network (CNN) based multi-task learning approach for open-set visual recognition. We combine a classifier network and a decoder network with a shared feature extractor network within a multi-task learning framework. We show that this approach results in better open-set recognition accuracy. In our approach, reconstruction errors from the decoder network are utilized for open-set rejection. In addition, we model the tail of the reconstruction error distribution from the known classes using the statistical Extreme Value Theory to improve the overall performance. Experiments on multiple image classification datasets are performed and it is shown that this method can perform significantly better than many competitive open set recognition algorithms available in the literature. The code will be made available at: github.com/otkupjnoz/mlosr. 
### 30.Anatomical Priors in Convolutional Networks for Unsupervised Biomedical Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03148.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of segmenting a biomedical image into anatomical regions of interest. We specifically address the frequent scenario where we have no paired training data that contains images and their manual segmentations. Instead, we employ unpaired segmentation images to build an anatomical prior. Critically these segmentations can be derived from imaging data from a different dataset and imaging modality than the current task. We introduce a generative probabilistic model that employs the learned prior through a convolutional neural network to compute segmentations in an unsupervised setting. We conducted an empirical analysis of the proposed approach in the context of structural brain MRI segmentation, using a multi-study dataset of more than 14,000 scans. Our results show that an anatomical prior can enable fast unsupervised segmentation which is typically not possible using standard convolutional networks. The integration of anatomical priors can facilitate CNN-based anatomical segmentation in a range of novel clinical problems, where few or no annotations are available and thus standard networks are not trainable. The code is freely available at <a href="http://github.com/adalca/neuron">this http URL</a>. 
### 31.A Learnable ScatterNet: Locally Invariant Convolutional Layers  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03137.pdf)
>  In this paper we explore tying together the ideas from Scattering Transforms and Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) for Image Analysis by proposing a learnable ScatterNet. Previous attempts at tying them together in hybrid networks have tended to keep the two parts separate, with the ScatterNet forming a fixed front end and a CNN forming a learned backend. We instead look at adding learning between scattering orders, as well as adding learned layers before the ScatterNet. We do this by breaking down the scattering orders into single convolutional-like layers we call &#39;locally invariant&#39; layers, and adding a learned mixing term to this layer. Our experiments show that these locally invariant layers can improve accuracy when added to either a CNN or a ScatterNet. We also discover some surprising results in that the ScatterNet may be best positioned after one or more layers of learning rather than at the front of a neural network. 
### 32.Stable Backward Diffusion Models that Minimise Convex Energies  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03491.pdf)
>  Backward diffusion processes appear naturally in image enhancement and deblurring applications. However, the inverse problem of backward diffusion is known to be ill-posed and straightforward numerical algorithms are unstable. So far, existing stabilisation strategies in the literature require sophisticated numerics to solve the underlying initial value problem. Therefore, it is desirable to establish a backward diffusion model which implements a smart stabilisation approach that can be used in combination with a simple numerical scheme. We derive a class of space-discrete one-dimensional backward diffusion as gradient descent of energies where we gain stability by imposing range constraints. Interestingly, these energies are even convex. Furthermore, we establish a comprehensive theory for the time-continuous evolution and we show that stability carries over to a simple explicit time discretisation of our model. Finally, we confirm the stability and usefulness of our technique in experiments in which we enhance the contrast of digital greyscale and colour images. 
### 33.NEARBY Platform for Automatic Asteroids Detection and EURONEAR Surveys  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03479.pdf)
>  The survey of the nearby space and continuous monitoring of the Near Earth Objects (NEOs) and especially Near Earth Asteroids (NEAs) are essential for the future of our planet and should represent a priority for our solar system research and nearby space exploration. More computing power and sophisticated digital tracking algorithms are needed to cope with the larger astronomy imaging cameras dedicated for survey telescopes. The paper presents the NEARBY platform that aims to experiment new algorithms for automatic image reduction, detection and validation of moving objects in astronomical surveys, specifically NEAs. The NEARBY platform has been developed and experimented through a collaborative research work between the Technical University of Cluj-Napoca (UTCN) and the University of Craiova, Romania, using observing infrastructure of the Instituto de Astrofisica de Canarias (IAC) and Isaac Newton Group (ING), La Palma, Spain. The NEARBY platform has been developed and deployed on the UTCN&#39;s cloud infrastructure and the acquired images are processed remotely by the astronomers who transfer it from ING through the web interface of the NEARBY platform. The paper analyzes and highlights the main aspects of the NEARBY platform development, and the results and conclusions on the EURONEAR surveys. 
### 34.Research on the pixel-based and object-oriented methods of urban feature extraction with GF-2 remote-sensing images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03412.pdf)
>  During the rapid urbanization construction of China, acquisition of urban geographic information and timely data updating are important and fundamental tasks for the refined management of cities. With the development of domestic remote sensing technology, the application of Gaofen-2 (GF-2) high-resolution remote sensing images can greatly improve the accuracy of information extraction. This paper introduces an approach using object-oriented classification methods for urban feature extraction based on GF-2 satellite data. A combination of spectral, spatial attributes and membership functions was employed for mapping the urban features of Qinhuai District, Nanjing. The data preprocessing is carried out by ENVI software, and the subsequent data is exported into the eCognition software for object-oriented classification and extraction of urban feature information. Finally, the obtained raster image classification results are vectorized using the ARCGIS software, and the vector graphics are stored in the library, which can be used for further analysis and modeling. Accuracy assessment was performed using ground truth data acquired by visual interpretation and from other reliable secondary data sources. Compared with the result of pixel-based supervised (neural net) classification, the developed object-oriented method can significantly improve extraction accuracy, and after manual interpretation, an overall accuracy of 95.44% can be achieved, with a Kappa coefficient of 0.9405, which objectively confirmed the superiority of the object-oriented method and the feasibility of the utilization of GF-2 satellite data. 
### 35.Computer aided detection of tuberculosis on chest radiographs: An evaluation of the CAD4TB v6 system  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1903.03349.pdf)
>  There is a growing interest in the automated analysis of chest X-Ray (CXR) as a sensitive and inexpensive means of screening susceptible populations for pulmonary tuberculosis. In this work we evaluate the latest version of CAD4TB, a software platform designed for this purpose. Version 6 of CAD4TB was released in 2018 and is here tested on an independent dataset of 5565 CXR images with GeneXpert (Xpert) sputum test results available (854 Xpert positive subjects). A subset of 500 subjects (50% Xpert positive) was reviewed and annotated by 5 expert observers independently to obtain a radiological reference standard. The latest version of CAD4TB is found to outperform all previous versions in terms of area under receiver operating curve (ROC) with respect to both Xpert and radiological reference standards. Improvements with respect to Xpert are most apparent at high sensitivity levels with a specificity of 76% obtained at 90% sensitivity. When compared with the radiological reference standard, CAD4TB v6 also outperformed previous versions by a considerable margin and achieved 98% specificity at 90% sensitivity. No substantial difference was found between the performance of CAD4TB v6 and any of the various expert observers against the Xpert reference standard. A cost and efficiency analysis on this dataset demonstrates that in a standard clinical situation, operating at 90% sensitivity, users of CAD4TB v6 can process 132 subjects per day at an average cost per screen of \$5.95 per subject, while users of version 3 process only 85 subjects per day at a cost of \$8.41 per subject. At all tested operating points version 6 is shown to be more efficient and cost effective than any other version. 
