# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 3 Dec 2019
### 1.View-Invariant Probabilistic Embedding for Human Pose  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.01001.pdf)
>  Depictions of similar human body configurations can vary with changing viewpoints. Using only 2D information, we would like to enable vision algorithms to recognize similarity in human body poses across multiple views. This ability is useful for analyzing body movements and human behaviors in images and videos. In this paper, we propose an approach for learning a compact view-invariant embedding space from 2D joint keypoints alone, without explicitly predicting 3D poses. Since 2D poses are projected from 3D space, they have an inherent ambiguity, which is difficult to represent through a deterministic mapping. Hence, we use probabilistic embeddings to model this input uncertainty. Experimental results show that our embedding model achieves higher accuracy when retrieving similar poses across different camera views, in comparison with 2D-to-3D pose lifting models. The results also suggest that our model is able to generalize across datasets, and our embedding variance correlates with input pose ambiguity. 
### 2.A Multigrid Method for Efficiently Training Video Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00998.pdf)
>  Training competitive deep video models is an order of magnitude slower than training their counterpart image models. Slow training causes long research cycles, which hinders progress in video understanding research. Following standard practice for training image models, video model training assumes a fixed mini-batch shape: a specific number of clips, frames, and spatial size. However, what is the optimal shape? High resolution models perform well, but train slowly. Low resolution models train faster, but they are inaccurate. Inspired by multigrid methods in numerical optimization, we propose to use variable mini-batch shapes with different spatial-temporal resolutions that are varied according to a schedule. The different shapes arise from resampling the training data on multiple sampling grids. Training is accelerated by scaling up the mini-batch size and learning rate when shrinking the other dimensions. We empirically demonstrate a general and robust grid schedule that yields a significant out-of-the-box training speedup without a loss in accuracy for different models (I3D, non-local, SlowFast), datasets (Kinetics, Something-Something, Charades), and training settings (with and without pre-training, 128 GPUs or 1 GPU). As an illustrative example, the proposed multigrid method trains a ResNet-50 SlowFast network 4.5x faster (wall-clock time, same hardware) while also improving accuracy (+0.8% absolute) on Kinetics-400 compared to the baseline training method. 
### 3.IENet: Interacting Embranchment One Stage Anchor Free Detector for Orientation Aerial Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00969.pdf)
>  Object detection in aerial images is a challenging task due to its lack of visiable features and variant orientation of objects. Currently, amount of R-CNN framework based detectors have made significant progress in predicting targets by horizontal bounding boxes (HBB) and oriented bounding boxes (OBB). However, there is still open space for one-stage anchor free solutions. This paper proposes a one-stage anchor free detector for orientional object in aerial images, which is built upon a per-pixel prediction fashion detector. We make it possible by developing a branch interacting module with a self-attention mechanism to fuse features from classification and box regression branchs. Moreover a geometric transformation is employed in angle prediction to make it more manageable for the prediction network. We also introduce an IOU loss for OBB detection, which is more efficient than regular polygon IOU. The propsed method is evaluated on DOTA and HRSC2016 datasets, and the outcomes show the higher OBB detection performance from our propsed IENet when compared with the state-of-the-art detectors. 
### 4.More Is Less: Learning Efficient Video Representations by Big-Little Network and Depthwise Temporal Aggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00869.pdf)
>  Current state-of-the-art models for video action recognition are mostly based on expensive 3D ConvNets. This results in a need for large GPU clusters to train and evaluate such architectures. To address this problem, we present a lightweight and memory-friendly architecture for action recognition that performs on par with or better than current architectures by using only a fraction of resources. The proposed architecture is based on a combination of a deep subnet operating on low-resolution frames with a compact subnet operating on high-resolution frames, allowing for high efficiency and accuracy at the same time. We demonstrate that our approach achieves a reduction by $3\sim4$ times in FLOPs and $\sim2$ times in memory usage compared to the baseline. This enables training deeper models with more input frames under the same computational budget. To further obviate the need for large-scale 3D convolutions, a temporal aggregation module is proposed to model temporal dependencies in a video at very small additional computational costs. Our models achieve strong performance on several action recognition benchmarks including Kinetics, Something-Something and Moments-in-time. The code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/IBM/bLVNet-TAM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 5.Mis-classified Vector Guided Softmax Loss for Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00833.pdf)
>  Face recognition has witnessed significant progress due to the advances of deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs), the central task of which is how to improve the feature discrimination. To this end, several margin-based (\textit{e.g.}, angular, additive and additive angular margins) softmax loss functions have been proposed to increase the feature margin between different classes. However, despite great achievements have been made, they mainly suffer from three issues: 1) Obviously, they ignore the importance of informative features mining for discriminative learning; 2) They encourage the feature margin only from the ground truth class, without realizing the discriminability from other non-ground truth classes; 3) The feature margin between different classes is set to be same and fixed, which may not adapt the situations very well. To cope with these issues, this paper develops a novel loss function, which adaptively emphasizes the mis-classified feature vectors to guide the discriminative feature learning. Thus we can address all the above issues and achieve more discriminative face features. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to inherit the advantages of feature margin and feature mining into a unified loss function. Experimental results on several benchmarks have demonstrated the effectiveness of our method over state-of-the-art alternatives. 
### 6.Information bottleneck through variational glasses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00830.pdf)
>  Information bottleneck (IB) principle [1] has become an important element in information-theoretic analysis of deep models. Many state-of-the-art generative models of both Variational Autoencoder (VAE) [2; 3] and Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) [4] families use various bounds on mutual information terms to introduce certain regularization constraints [5; 6; 7; 8; 9; 10]. Accordingly, the main difference between these models consists in add regularization constraints and targeted objectives. <br>In this work, we will consider the IB framework for three classes of models that include supervised, unsupervised and adversarial generative models. We will apply a variational decomposition leading a common structure and allowing easily establish connections between these models and analyze underlying assumptions. <br>Based on these results, we focus our analysis on unsupervised setup and reconsider the VAE family. In particular, we present a new interpretation of VAE family based on the IB framework using a direct decomposition of mutual information terms and show some interesting connections to existing methods such as VAE [2; 3], beta-VAE [11], AAE [12], InfoVAE [5] and VAE/GAN [13]. Instead of adding regularization constraints to an evidence lower bound (ELBO) [2; 3], which itself is a lower bound, we show that many known methods can be considered as a product of variational decomposition of mutual information terms in the IB framework. The proposed decomposition might also contribute to the interpretability of generative models of both VAE and GAN families and create a new insights to a generative compression [14; 15; 16; 17]. It can also be of interest for the analysis of novelty detection based on one-class classifiers [18] with the IB based discriminators. 
### 7.Improving Model Drift for Robust Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00826.pdf)
>  Discriminative correlation filters show excellent performance in object tracking. However, in complex scenes, the apparent characteristics of the tracked target are variable, which makes it easy to pollute the model and cause the model drift. In this paper, considering that the secondary peak has a greater impact on the model update, we propose a method for detecting the primary and secondary peaks of the response map. Secondly, a novel confidence function which uses the adaptive update discriminant mechanism is proposed, which yield good robustness. Thirdly, we propose a robust tracker with correlation filters, which uses hand-crafted features and can improve model drift in complex scenes. Finally, in order to cope with the current trackers' multi-feature response merge, we propose a simple exponential adaptive merge approach. Extensive experiments are performed on OTB2013, OTB100 and TC128 datasets. Our approach performs superiorly against several state-of-the-art trackers while runs at speed in real time. 
### 8.Mixture Dense Regression for Object Detection and Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00821.pdf)
>  Mixture models are well-established machine learning approaches that, in computer vision, have mostly been applied to inverse or ill-defined problems. However, they are general-purpose divide-and-conquer techniques, splitting the input space into relatively homogeneous subsets, in a data-driven manner. Therefore, not only ill-defined but also well-defined complex problems should benefit from them. To this end, we devise a multi-modal solution for spatial regression using mixture density networks for dense object detection and human pose estimation. For both tasks, we show that a mixture model converges faster, yields higher accuracy, and divides the input space into interpretable modes. For object detection, mixture components learn to focus on object scale with the distribution of components closely following the distribution of ground truth object scale. For human pose estimation, a mixture model divides the data based on viewpoint and uncertainty -- namely, front and back views, with back view imposing higher uncertainty. We conduct our experiments on the MS COCO dataset and do not face any mode collapse. However, to avoid numerical instabilities, we had to modify the activation function for the mixture variance terms slightly. 
### 9.Tabulated MLP for Fast Point Feature Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00790.pdf)
>  Aiming at a drastic speedup for point-data embeddings at test time, we propose a new framework that uses a pair of multi-layer perceptron (MLP) and look-up table (LUT) to transform point-coordinate inputs into high-dimensional features. When compared with PointNet's feature embedding part realized by MLP that requires millions of dot products, ours at test time requires no such layers of matrix-vector products but requires only looking up the nearest entities followed by interpolation, from the tabulated MLP defined over discrete inputs on a 3D lattice. We call this framework as "LUTI-MLP: LUT Interpolation MLP" that provides a way to train end-to-end tabulated MLP coupled to a LUT in a specific manner without the need for any approximation at test time. LUTI-MLP also provides significant speedup for Jacobian computation of the embedding function wrt global pose coordinate on Lie algebra $\mathfrak{se}(3)$ at test time, which could be used for point-set registration problems. After extensive architectural analysis using ModelNet40 dataset, we confirmed that our LUTI-MLP even with a small-sized table ($8\times 8\times 8$) yields performance comparable to that of MLP while achieving significant speedup: $80\times$ for embedding, $12\times$ for approximate Jacobian, and $860\times$ for canonical Jacobian. 
### 10.A Robust Iris Authentication System on GPU-Based Edge Devices using Multi-Modalities Learning Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00756.pdf)
>  In recent years, mobile Internet has accelerated the proliferation of smart mobile development. The mobile payment, mobile security and privacy protection have become the focus of widespread attention. Iris recognition becomes a high-security authentication technology in these fields, it is widely used in distinct science fields in biometric authentication fields. The Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is one of the mainstream deep learning approaches for image recognition, whereas its anti-noise ability is weak and needs a certain amount of memory to train in image classification tasks. Under these conditions we put forward a fine-tuning neural network model based on the Mask R-CNN and Inception V4 neural network model, which integrates every component in an overall system that combines the iris detection, extraction, and recognition function as an iris recognition system. The proposed framework has the characteristics of scalability and high availability; it not only can learn part-whole relationships of the iris image but also enhancing the robustness of the whole framework. Importantly, the proposed model can be trained using the different spectrum of samples, such as Visible Wavelength (VW) and Near Infrared (NIR) iris biometric databases. The recognition average accuracy of 99.10% is achieved while executing in the mobile edge calculation device of the Jetson Nano. 
### 11.Efficient Convolutional Neural Networks for Depth-Based Multi-Person Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00711.pdf)
>  Achieving robust multi-person 2D body landmark localization and pose estimation is essential for human behavior and interaction understanding as encountered for instance in HRI settings. Accurate methods have been proposed recently, but they usually rely on rather deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architecture, thus requiring large computational and training resources. In this paper, we investigate different architectures and methodologies to address these issues and achieve fast and accurate multi-person 2D pose estimation. To foster speed, we propose to work with depth images, whose structure contains sufficient information about body landmarks while being simpler than textured color images and thus potentially requiring less complex CNNs for processing. In this context, we make the following contributions. i) we study several CNN architecture designs combining pose machines relying on the cascade of detectors concept with lightweight and efficient CNN structures; ii) to address the need for large training datasets with high variability, we rely on semi-synthetic data combining multi-person synthetic depth data with real sensor backgrounds; iii) we explore domain adaptation techniques to address the performance gap introduced by testing on real depth images; iv) to increase the accuracy of our fast lightweight CNN models, we investigate knowledge distillation at several architecture levels which effectively enhance performance. Experiments and results on synthetic and real data highlight the impact of our design choices, providing insights into methods addressing standard issues normally faced in practical applications, and resulting in architectures effectively matching our goal in both performance and speed. 
### 12.Training the Convolutional Neural Network with Statistical Dependence of the Response on the Input Data Distortion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00664.pdf)
>  The paper proposes an approach to training a convolutional neural network using information on the level of distortion of input data. The learning process is modified with an additional layer, which is subsequently deleted, so the architecture of the original network does not change. As an example, the LeNet5 architecture network with training data based on the MNIST symbols and a distortion model as Gaussian blur with a variable level of distortion is considered. This approach does not have quality loss of the network and has a significant error-free zone in responses on the test data which is absent in the traditional approach to training. The responses are statistically dependent on the level of input image's distortions and there is a presence of a strong relationship between them. 
### 13.DAL -- A Deep Depth-aware Long-term Tracker  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00660.pdf)
>  The best RGBD trackers provide high accuracy but are slow to run. On the other hand, the best RGB trackers are fast but clearly inferior on the RGBD datasets. In this work, we propose a deep depth-aware long-term tracker that achieves state-of-the-art RGBD tracking performance and is fast to run. We reformulate deep discriminative correlation filter (DCF) to embed the depth information into deep features. Moreover, the same depth-aware correlation filter is used for target re-detection. Comprehensive evaluations show that the proposed tracker achieves state-of-the-art performance on the Princeton RGBD, STC, and the newly-released CDTB benchmarks and runs 20 fps. 
### 14.IPG-Net: Image Pyramid Guidance Network for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00632.pdf)
>  For Convolutional Neural Network based object detection, there is a typical dilemma: the spatial information is well kept in the shallow layers which unfortunately do not have enough semantic information, while the deep layers have high semantic concept but lost a lot of spatial information, resulting in serious information imbalance. To acquire enough semantic information for shallow layers, Feature Pyramid Networks (FPN) is used to build a top-down propagated path. In this paper, except for top-down combining of information for shallow layers, we propose a novel network called Image Pyramid Guidance Network(IPG-Net) to make sure both the spatial information and semantic information are abundant for each layer. Our IPG-Net has three main parts: the image pyramid guidance sub-network, the ResNet based backbone network and the fusing module. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to introduce an image pyramid guidance sub-network, which supplies spatial information to each scale's feature to solve the information imbalance problem. This sub-network promise even in the deepest stage of the ResNet, there is enough spatial information for bounding box regression and classification. Furthermore, we designed an effective fusing module to fuse the features from the image pyramid and features from the feature pyramid. We have tried to apply this novel network to both one stage and two stage models, state of the art results are obtained on the most popular benchmark data sets, i.e. MS COCO and Pascal VOC. 
### 15.Reinforced Feature Points: Optimizing Feature Detection and Description for a High-Level Task  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00623.pdf)
>  We address a core problem of computer vision: Detection and description of 2D feature points for image matching. For a long time, hand-crafted designs, like the seminal SIFT algorithm, were unsurpassed in accuracy and efficiency. Recently, learned feature detectors emerged that implement detection and description using neural networks. Training these networks usually resorts to optimizing low-level matching scores, often pre-defining sets of image patches which should or should not match, or which should or should not contain key points. Unfortunately, increased accuracy for these low-level matching scores does not necessarily translate to better performance in high-level vision tasks. We propose a new training methodology which embeds the feature detector in a complete vision pipeline, and where the learnable parameters are trained in an end-to-end fashion. We overcome the discrete nature of key point selection and descriptor matching using principles from reinforcement learning. As an example, we address the task of relative pose estimation between a pair of images. We demonstrate that the accuracy of a state-of-the-art learning-based feature detector can be increased when trained for the task it is supposed to solve at test time. Our training methodology poses little restrictions on the task to learn, and works for any architecture which predicts key point heat maps, and descriptors for key point locations. 
### 16.Patchy Image Structure Classification Using Multi-Orientation Region Transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00622.pdf)
>  Exterior contour and interior structure are both vital features for classifying objects. However, most of the existing methods consider exterior contour feature and internal structure feature separately, and thus fail to function when classifying patchy image structures that have similar contours and flexible structures. To address above limitations, this paper proposes a novel Multi-Orientation Region Transform (MORT), which can effectively characterize both contour and structure features simultaneously, for patchy image structure classification. MORT is performed over multiple orientation regions at multiple scales to effectively integrate patchy features, and thus enables a better description of the shape in a coarse-to-fine manner. Moreover, the proposed MORT can be extended to combine with the deep convolutional neural network techniques, for further enhancement of classification accuracy. Very encouraging experimental results on the challenging ultra-fine-grained cultivar recognition task, insect wing recognition task, and large variation butterfly recognition task are obtained, which demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed MORT over the state-of-the-art methods in classifying patchy image structures. Our code and three patchy image structure datasets are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/XiaohanYu-GU/MReT2019" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 17.DEGAS: Differentiable Efficient Generator Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00606.pdf)
>  Network architecture search (NAS) achieves state-of-the-art results in various tasks such as classification and semantic segmentation. Recently, a reinforcement learning-based approach has been proposed for Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) search. In this work, we propose an alternative strategy for GAN search by using a method called DEGAS (Differentiable Efficient GenerAtor Search), which focuses on efficiently finding the generator in the GAN. Our search algorithm is inspired by the differential architecture search strategy and the Global Latent Optimization (GLO) procedure. This leads to both an efficient and stable GAN search. After the generator architecture is found, it can be plugged into any existing framework for GAN training. For CTGAN, which we use in this work, the new model outperforms the original inception score results by 0.25 for CIFAR-10 and 0.77 for STL. It also gets better results than the RL based GAN search methods in shorter search time. 
### 18.SPSTracker: Sub-Peak Suppression of Response Map for Robust Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00597.pdf)
>  Modern visual trackers usually construct online learning models under the assumption that the feature response has a Gaussian distribution with target-centered peak response. Nevertheless, such an assumption is implausible when there is progressive interference from other targets and/or background noise, which produce sub-peaks on the tracking response map and cause model drift. In this paper, we propose a rectified online learning approach for sub-peak response suppression and peak response enforcement and target at handling progressive interference in a systematic way. Our approach, referred to as SPSTracker, applies simple-yet-efficient Peak Response Pooling (PRP) to aggregate and align discriminative features, as well as leveraging a Boundary Response Truncation (BRT) to reduce the variance of feature response. By fusing with multi-scale features, SPSTracker aggregates the response distribution of multiple sub-peaks to a single maximum peak, which enforces the discriminative capability of features for robust object tracking. Experiments on the OTB, NFS and VOT2018 benchmarks demonstrate that SPSTrack outperforms the state-of-the-art real-time trackers with significant margins. 
### 19.Face Detection with Feature Pyramids and Landmarks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00596.pdf)
>  Accurate face detection and facial landmark localization are crucial to any face recognition system. We present a series of three single-stage RCNNs with different sized backbones (MobileNetV2-25, MobileNetV2-100, and ResNet101) and a six-layer feature pyramid trained exclusively on the WIDER FACE dataset. We compare the face detection and landmark accuracies using eight context module architectures, four proposed by previous research and four modified versions. We find no evidence that any of the proposed architectures significantly overperform and postulate that the random initialization of the additional layers is at least of equal importance. To show this we present a model that achieves near state-of-the-art performance on WIDER FACE and also provides high accuracy landmarks with a simple context module. We also present results using MobileNetV2 backbones, which achieve over 90% average precision on the WIDER FACE hard validation set while being able to run in real-time. By comparing to other authors, we show that our models exceed the state-of-the-art for similar-sized RCNNs and match the performance of much heavier networks. 
### 20.Exposing and Correcting the Gender Bias in Image Captioning Datasets and Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00578.pdf)
>  The task of image captioning implicitly involves gender identification. However, due to the gender bias in data, gender identification by an image captioning model suffers. Also, the gender-activity bias, owing to the word-by-word prediction, influences other words in the caption prediction, resulting in the well-known problem of label bias. In this work, we investigate gender bias in the COCO captioning dataset and show that it engenders not only from the statistical distribution of genders with contexts but also from the flawed annotation by the human annotators. We look at the issues created by this bias in the trained models. We propose a technique to get rid of the bias by splitting the task into 2 subtasks: gender-neutral image captioning and gender classification. By this decoupling, the gender-context influence can be eradicated. We train the gender-neutral image captioning model, which gives comparable results to a gendered model even when evaluating against a dataset that possesses a similar bias as the training data. Interestingly, the predictions by this model on images with no humans, are also visibly different from the one trained on gendered captions. We train gender classifiers using the available bounding box and mask-based annotations for the person in the image. This allows us to get rid of the context and focus on the person to predict the gender. By substituting the genders into the gender-neutral captions, we get the final gendered predictions. Our predictions achieve similar performance to a model trained with gender, and at the same time are devoid of gender bias. Finally, our main result is that on an anti-stereotypical dataset, our model outperforms a popular image captioning model which is trained with gender. 
### 21.Skeleton based Activity Recognition by Fusing Part-wise Spatio-temporal and Attention Driven Residues  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00576.pdf)
>  There exist a wide range of intra class variations of the same actions and inter class similarity among the actions, at the same time, which makes the action recognition in videos very challenging. In this paper, we present a novel skeleton-based part-wise Spatiotemporal CNN RIAC Network-based 3D human action recognition framework to visualise the action dynamics in part wise manner and utilise each part for action recognition by applying weighted late fusion mechanism. Part wise skeleton based motion dynamics helps to highlight local features of the skeleton which is performed by partitioning the complete skeleton in five parts such as Head to Spine, Left Leg, Right Leg, Left Hand, Right Hand. The RIAFNet architecture is greatly inspired by the InceptionV4 architecture which unified the ResNet and Inception based Spatio-temporal feature representation concept and achieving the highest top-1 accuracy till date. To extract and learn salient features for action recognition, attention driven residues are used which enhance the performance of residual components for effective 3D skeleton-based Spatio-temporal action representation. The robustness of the proposed framework is evaluated by performing extensive experiments on three challenging datasets such as UT Kinect Action 3D, Florence 3D action Dataset, and MSR Daily Action3D datasets, which consistently demonstrate the superiority of our method 
### 22.Deep Learning for Visual Tracking: A Comprehensive Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00535.pdf)
>  Visual target tracking is one of the most sought-after yet challenging research topics in computer vision. Given the ill-posed nature of the problem and its popularity in a broad range of real-world scenarios, a number of large-scale benchmark datasets have been established, on which considerable methods have been developed and demonstrated with significant progress in recent years -- predominantly by recent deep learning (DL)-based methods. This survey aims to systematically investigate the current DL-based visual tracking methods, benchmark datasets, and evaluation metrics. It also extensively evaluates and analyzes the leading visual tracking methods. First, the fundamental characteristics, primary motivations, and contributions of DL-based methods are summarized from six key aspects of: network architecture, network exploitation, network training for visual tracking, network objective, network output, and the exploitation of correlation filter advantages. Second, popular visual tracking benchmarks and their respective properties are compared, and their evaluation metrics are summarized. Third, the state-of-the-art DL-based methods are comprehensively examined on a set of well-established benchmarks of OTB2013, OTB2015, VOT2018, and LaSOT. Finally, by conducting critical analyses of these state-of-the-art methods both quantitatively and qualitatively, their pros and cons under various common scenarios are investigated. It may serve as a gentle use guide for practitioners to weigh on when and under what conditions to choose which method(s). It also facilitates a discussion on ongoing issues and sheds light on promising research directions. 
### 23.Interpreting Context of Images using Scene Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00501.pdf)
>  Understanding a visual scene incorporates objects, relationships, and context. Traditional methods working on an image mostly focus on object detection and fail to capture the relationship between the objects. Relationships can give rich semantic information about the objects in a scene. The context can be conducive to comprehending an image since it will help us to perceive the relation between the objects and thus, give us a deeper insight into the image. Through this idea, our project delivers a model that focuses on finding the context present in an image by representing the image as a graph, where the nodes will the objects and edges will be the relation between them. The context is found using the visual and semantic cues which are further concatenated and given to the Support Vector Machines (SVM) to detect the relation between two objects. This presents us with the context of the image which can be further used in applications such as similar image retrieval, image captioning, or story generation. 
### 24.Just Go with the Flow: Self-Supervised Scene Flow Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00497.pdf)
>  When interacting with highly dynamic environments, scene flow allows autonomous systems to reason about the non-rigid motion of multiple independent objects. This is of particular interest in the field of autonomous driving, in which many cars, people, bicycles, and other objects need to be accurately tracked. Current state of the art methods require annotated scene flow data from autonomous driving scenes to train scene flow networks with supervised learning. As an alternative, we present a method of training scene flow that uses two self-supervised losses, based on nearest neighbors and cycle consistency. These self-supervised losses allow us to train our method on large unlabeled autonomous driving datasets; the resulting method matches current state-of-the-art supervised performance using no real world annotations and exceeds state-of-the-art performance when combining our self-supervised approach with supervised learning on a smaller labeled dataset. 
### 25.AdvPC: Transferable Adversarial Perturbations on 3D Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00461.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial attacks, in which imperceptible perturbations to their input lead to erroneous network predictions. This phenomenon has been extensively studied in the image domain, and only recently extended to 3D point clouds. In this work, we present novel data-driven adversarial attacks against 3D point cloud networks. We aim to address the following problems in current 3D point cloud adversarial attacks: they do not transfer well between different networks, and they are easy to defend against simple statistical methods. To this extent, we develop new point cloud attacks (we dub AdvPC) that exploit input data distributions. These attacks lead to perturbations that are resilient against current defenses while remaining highly transferable compared to state-of-the-art attacks. We test our attacks using four popular point cloud networks: PointNet, PointNet++ (MSG and SSG), and DGCNN. Our proposed attack enables an increase in the transferability of up to 20 points for some networks. It also increases the ability to break defenses of up to 23 points on ModelNet40 data. 
### 26.DeepC-MVS: Deep Confidence Prediction for Multi-View Stereo Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00439.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have the potential to improve the quality of image-based 3D reconstructions. A challenge which still remains is to utilize the potential of DNNs to improve 3D reconstructions from high-resolution image datasets as available by the ETH3D benchmark. In this paper, we propose a way to employ DNNs in the image domain to gain a significant quality improvement of geometric image based 3D reconstruction. This is achieved by utilizing confidence prediction networks which have been adapted to the Multi-View Stereo (MVS) case and are trained on automatically generated ground truth established by geometric error propagation. In addition to a semi-dense real-world ground truth dataset for training the DNN, we present a synthetic dataset to enlarge the training dataset. We demonstrate the utility of the confidence predictions for two essential steps within a 3D reconstruction pipeline: Firstly, to be used for outlier clustering and filtering and secondly to be used within a depth refinement step. The presented 3D reconstruction pipeline DeepC-MVS makes use of deep learning for an essential part in MVS from high-resolution images and the experimental evaluation on popular benchmarks demonstrates the achieved state-of-the-art quality in 3D reconstruction. 
### 27.RST-MODNet: Real-time Spatio-temporal Moving Object Detection for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00438.pdf)
>  Moving Object Detection (MOD) is a critical task for autonomous vehicles as moving objects represent higher collision risk than static ones. The trajectory of the ego-vehicle is planned based on the future states of detected moving objects. It is quite challenging as the ego-motion has to be modelled and compensated to be able to understand the motion of the surrounding objects. In this work, we propose a real-time end-to-end CNN architecture for MOD utilizing spatio-temporal context to improve robustness. We construct a novel time-aware architecture exploiting temporal motion information embedded within sequential images in addition to explicit motion maps using optical flow images.We demonstrate the impact of our algorithm on KITTI dataset where we obtain an improvement of 8% relative to the baselines. We compare our algorithm with state-of-the-art methods and achieve competitive results on KITTI-Motion dataset in terms of accuracy at three times better run-time. The proposed algorithm runs at 23 fps on a standard desktop GPU targeting deployment on embedded platforms. 
### 28.Diversifying Inference Path Selection: Moving-Mobile-Network for Landmark Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00418.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks have largely benefited computer vision tasks. However, the high computational complexity limits their real-world applications. To this end, many methods have been proposed for efficient network learning, and applications in portable mobile devices. In this paper, we propose a novel \underline{M}oving-\underline{M}obile-\underline{Net}work, named M$^2$Net, for landmark recognition, equipped each landmark image with located geographic information. We intuitively find that M$^2$Net can essentially promote the diversity of the inference path (selected blocks subset) selection, so as to enhance the recognition accuracy. The above intuition is achieved by our proposed reward function with the input of geo-location and landmarks. We also find that the performance of other portable networks can be improved via our architecture. We construct two landmark image datasets, with each landmark associated with geographic information, over which we conduct extensive experiments to demonstrate that M$^2$Net achieves improved recognition accuracy with comparable complexity. 
### 29.LatentFusion: End-to-End Differentiable Reconstruction and Rendering for Unseen Object Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00416.pdf)
>  Current 6D object pose estimation methods usually require a 3D model for each object. These methods also require additional training in order to incorporate new objects. As a result, they are difficult to scale to a large number of objects and cannot be directly applied to unseen objects. In this work, we propose a novel framework for 6D pose estimation of unseen objects. We design an end-to-end neural network that reconstructs a latent 3D representation of an object using a small number of reference views of the object. Using the learned 3D representation, the network is able to render the object from arbitrary views. Using this neural renderer, we directly optimize for pose given an input image. By training our network with a large number of 3D shapes for reconstruction and rendering, our network generalizes well to unseen objects. We present a new dataset for unseen object pose estimation--MOPED. We evaluate the performance of our method for unseen object pose estimation on MOPED as well as the ModelNet dataset. 
### 30.MetAdapt: Meta-Learned Task-Adaptive Architecture for Few-Shot Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00412.pdf)
>  Few-Shot Learning (FSL) is a topic of rapidly growing interest. Typically, in FSL a model is trained on a dataset consisting of many small tasks (meta-tasks) and learns to adapt to novel tasks that it will encounter during test time. This is also referred to as meta-learning. So far, meta-learning FSL methods have focused on optimizing parameters of pre-defined network architectures, in order to make them easily adaptable to novel tasks. Moreover, it was observed that, in general, larger architectures perform better than smaller ones up to a certain saturation point (and even degrade due to over-fitting). However, little attention has been given to explicitly optimizing the architectures for FSL, nor to an adaptation of the architecture at test time to particular novel tasks. In this work, we propose to employ tools borrowed from the Differentiable Neural Architecture Search (D-NAS) literature in order to optimize the architecture for FSL without over-fitting. Additionally, to make the architecture task adaptive, we propose the concept of `MetAdapt Controller' modules. These modules are added to the model and are meta-trained to predict the optimal network connections for a given novel task. Using the proposed approach we observe state-of-the-art results on two popular few-shot benchmarks: miniImageNet and FC100. 
### 31.Affect-based Intrinsic Rewards for Learning General Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00403.pdf)
>  Positive affect has been linked to increased interest, curiosity and satisfaction in human learning. In reinforcement learning extrinsic rewards are often sparse and difficult to define, intrinsically motivated learning can help address these challenges. We argue that positive affect is an important intrinsic reward that effectively helps drive exploration that is useful in gathering experiences critical to learning general representations. We present a novel approach leveraging a task-independent intrinsic reward function trained on spontaneous smile behavior that captures positive affect. To evaluate our approach we trained several downstream computer vision tasks on data collected with our policy and several baseline methods. We show that the policy based on intrinsic affective rewards successfully increases the duration of episodes, area explored and reduces collisions. The impact is increased speed of learning for several downstream computer vision tasks. 
### 32.The Group Loss for Deep Metric Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00385.pdf)
>  Deep metric learning has yielded impressive results in tasks such as clustering and image retrieval by leveraging neural networks to obtain highly discriminative feature embeddings, which can be used to group samples into different classes. Much research has been devoted to the design of smart loss functions or data mining strategies for training such networks. Most methods consider only pairs or triplets of samples within a mini-batch to compute the loss function, which is commonly based on the distance between embeddings. We propose Group Loss, a loss function based on a differentiable label-propagation method that enforces embedding similarity across all samples of a group while promoting, at the same time, low-density regions amongst data points belonging to different groups. Guided by the smoothness assumption that "similar objects should belong to the same group", the proposed loss trains the neural network for a classification task, enforcing a consistent labelling amongst samples within a class. We show state-of-the-art results on clustering and image retrieval on several datasets, and show the potential of our method when combined with other techniques such as ensembles 
### 33.Training Object Detectors from Few Weakly-Labeled and Many Unlabeled Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00384.pdf)
>  Weakly-supervised object detection attempts to limit the amount of supervision by dispensing the need for bounding boxes, but still assumes image-level labels on the entire training set are available. In this work, we study the problem of training an object detector from one or few clean images with image-level labels and a larger set of completely unlabeled images. This is an extreme case of semi-supervised learning where the labeled data are not enough to bootstrap the learning of a classifier or detector. Our solution is to use a standard weakly-supervised pipeline to train a student model from image-level pseudo-labels generated on the unlabeled set by a teacher model, bootstrapped by region-level similarities to clean labeled images. By using the recent pipeline of PCL and more unlabeled images, we achieve performance competitive or superior to many state of the art weakly-supervised detection solutions. 
### 34.Alignment Free and Distortion Robust Iris Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00382.pdf)
>  Iris recognition is a reliable personal identification method but there is still much room to improve its accuracy especially in less-constrained situations. For example, free movement of head pose may cause large rotation difference between iris images. And illumination variations may cause irregular distortion of iris texture. To match intra-class iris images with head rotation robustly, the existing solutions usually need a precise alignment operation by exhaustive search within a determined range in iris image preprosessing or brute force searching the minimum Hamming distance in iris feature matching. In the wild, iris rotation is of much greater uncertainty than that in constrained situations and exhaustive search within a determined range is impracticable. This paper presents a unified feature-level solution to both alignment free and distortion robust iris recognition in the wild. A new deep learning based method named Alignment Free Iris Network (AFINet) is proposed, which uses a trainable VLAD (Vector of Locally Aggregated Descriptors) encoder called NetVLAD to decouple the correlations between local representations and their spatial positions. And deformable convolution is used to overcome iris texture distortion by dense adaptive sampling. The results of extensive experiments on three public iris image databases and the simulated degradation databases show that AFINet significantly outperforms state-of-art iris recognition methods. 
### 35.Gate-Shift Networks for Video Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00381.pdf)
>  Deep 3D CNNs for video action recognition are designed to learn powerful representations in the joint spatio-temporal feature space. In practice however, because of the large number of parameters and computations involved, they may under-perform in the lack of sufficiently large datasets for training them at scale. In this paper we introduce spatial gating in spatial-temporal decomposition of 3D kernels. We implement this concept with Gate-Shift Module (GSM). GSM is lightweight and turns a 2D-CNN into a highly efficient spatio-temporal feature extractor. With GSM plugged in, a 2D-CNN learns to adaptively route features through time and combine them, at almost no additional parameters and computational overhead. We perform an extensive evaluation of the proposed module to study its effectiveness in video action recognition, achieving state-of-the-art results on Something Something-V1 and Diving48 datasets, and obtaining competitive results on EPIC-Kitchens with far less model complexity. With GSM plugged into TSN, on Something Something-V1 we obtain an absolute +32% boost in recognition accuracy (from 17.52% to 49.56%) with less than 1% additional parameters and computations. By ensembling models trained at different temporal scales, we reach beyond 55%. 
### 36.Dynamic Graph Representation for Partially Occluded Biometrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00377.pdf)
>  The generalization ability of Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for biometrics drops greatly due to the adverse effects of various occlusions. To this end, we propose a novel unified framework integrated the merits of both CNNs and graphical models to learn dynamic graph representations for occlusion problems in biometrics, called Dynamic Graph Representation (DGR). Convolutional features onto certain regions are re-crafted by a graph generator to establish the connections among the spatial parts of biometrics and build Feature Graphs based on these node representations. Each node of Feature Graphs corresponds to a specific part of the input image and the edges express the spatial relationships between parts. By analyzing the similarities between the nodes, the framework is able to adaptively remove the nodes representing the occluded parts. During dynamic graph matching, we propose a novel strategy to measure the distances of both nodes and adjacent matrixes. In this way, the proposed method is more convincing than CNNs-based methods because the dynamic graph method implies a more illustrative and reasonable inference of the biometrics decision. Experiments conducted on iris and face demonstrate the superiority of the proposed framework, which boosts the accuracy of occluded biometrics recognition by a large margin comparing with baseline methods. 
### 37.End to End Trainable Active Contours via Differentiable Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00367.pdf)
>  We present an image segmentation method that iteratively evolves a polygon. At each iteration, the vertices of the polygon are displaced based on the local value of a 2D shift map that is inferred from the input image via an encoder-decoder architecture. The main training loss that is used is the difference between the polygon shape and the ground truth segmentation mask. The network employs a neural renderer to create the polygon from its vertices, making the process fully differentiable. We demonstrate that our method outperforms the state of the art segmentation networks and deep active contour solutions in a variety of benchmarks, including medical imaging and aerial images. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/shirgur/ACDRNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 38.Learning to Relate from Captions and Bounding Boxes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00311.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a novel approach that predicts the relationships between various entities in an image in a weakly supervised manner by relying on image captions and object bounding box annotations as the sole source of supervision. Our proposed approach uses a top-down attention mechanism to align entities in captions to objects in the image, and then leverage the syntactic structure of the captions to align the relations. We use these alignments to train a relation classification network, thereby obtaining both grounded captions and dense relationships. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our model on the Visual Genome dataset by achieving a recall@50 of 15% and recall@100 of 25% on the relationships present in the image. We also show that the model successfully predicts relations that are not present in the corresponding captions. 
### 39.Exploiting Motion Information from Unlabeled Videos for Static Image Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00308.pdf)
>  Static image action recognition, which aims to recognize action based on a single image, usually relies on expensive human labeling effort such as adequate labeled action images and large-scale labeled image dataset. In contrast, abundant unlabeled videos can be economically obtained. Therefore, several works have explored using unlabeled videos to facilitate image action recognition, which can be categorized into the following two groups: (a) enhance visual representations of action images with a designed proxy task on unlabeled videos, which falls into the scope of self-supervised learning; (b) generate auxiliary representations for action images with the generator learned from unlabeled videos. In this paper, we integrate the above two strategies in a unified framework, which consists of Visual Representation Enhancement (VRE) module and Motion Representation Augmentation (MRA) module. Specifically, the VRE module includes a proxy task which imposes pseudo motion label constraint and temporal coherence constraint on unlabeled videos, while the MRA module could predict the motion information of a static action image by exploiting unlabeled videos. We demonstrate the superiority of our framework based on four benchmark human action datasets with limited labeled data. 
### 40.Image Based Identification of Ghanaian Timbers Using the XyloTron: Opportunities, Risks and Challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00296.pdf)
>  Computer vision systems for wood identification have the potential to empower both producer and consumer countries to combat illegal logging if they can be deployed effectively in the field. In this work, carried out as part of an active international partnership with the support of UNIDO, we constructed and curated a field-relevant image data set to train a classifier for wood identification of $15$ commercial Ghanaian woods using the XyloTron system. We tested model performance in the laboratory, and then collected real-world field performance data across multiple sites using multiple XyloTron devices. We present efficacies of the trained model in the laboratory and in the field, discuss practical implications and challenges of deploying machine learning wood identification models, and conclude that field testing is a necessary step - and should be considered the gold-standard - for validating computer vision wood identification systems. 
### 41.A Programmatic and Semantic Approach to Explaining and DebuggingNeural Network Based Object Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00289.pdf)
>  Even as deep neural networks have become very effective for tasks in vision and perception, it remains difficult to explain and debug their behavior. In this paper, we present a programmatic and semantic approach to explaining, understanding, and debugging the correct and incorrect behaviors of a neural network based perception system. Our approach is semantic in that it employs a high-level representation of the distribution of environment scenarios that the detector is intended to work on. It is programmatic in that the representation is a program in a domain-specific probabilistic programming language using which synthetic data can be generated to train and test the neural network. We present a framework that assesses the performance of the neural network to identify correct and incorrect detections, extracts rules from those results that semantically characterizes the correct and incorrect scenarios, and then specializes the probabilistic program with those rules in order to more precisely characterize the scenarios in which the neural network operates correctly or not, without human intervention to identify important features. We demonstrate our results using the SCENIC probabilistic programming language and a neural network-based object detector. Our experiments show that it is possible to automatically generate compact rules that significantly increase the correct detection rate (or conversely the incorrect detection rate) of the network and can thus help with debugging and understanding its behavior. 
### 42.Morphing and Sampling Network for Dense Point Cloud Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00280.pdf)
>  3D point cloud completion, the task of inferring the complete geometric shape from a partial point cloud, has been attracting attention in the community. For acquiring high-fidelity dense point clouds and avoiding uneven distribution, blurred details, or structural loss of existing methods' results, we propose a novel approach to complete the partial point cloud in two stages. Specifically, in the first stage, the approach predicts a complete but coarse-grained point cloud with a collection of parametric surface elements. Then, in the second stage, it merges the coarse-grained prediction with the input point cloud by a novel sampling algorithm. Our method utilizes a joint loss function to guide the distribution of the points. Extensive experiments verify the effectiveness of our method and demonstrate that it outperforms the existing methods in both the Earth Mover's Distance (EMD) and the Chamfer Distance (CD). 
### 43.Biometric Recognition Using Deep Learning: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00271.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based models have been very successful in achieving state-of-the-art results in many of the computer vision, speech recognition, and natural language processing tasks in the last few years. These models seem a natural fit for handling the ever-increasing scale of biometric recognition problems, from cellphone authentication to airport security systems. Deep learning-based models have increasingly been leveraged to improve the accuracy of different biometric recognition systems in recent years. In this work, we provide a comprehensive survey of more than 120 promising works on biometric recognition (including face, fingerprint, iris, palmprint, ear, voice, signature, and gait recognition), which deploy deep learning models, and show their strengths and potentials in different applications. For each biometric, we first introduce the available datasets that are widely used in the literature and their characteristics. We will then talk about several promising deep learning works developed for that biometric, and show their performance on popular public benchmarks. We will also discuss some of the main challenges while using these models for biometric recognition, and possible future directions to which research in this area is headed. 
### 44.Averaging Essential and Fundamental Matrices in Collinear Camera Settings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00254.pdf)
>  Global methods to Structure from Motion have gained popularity in recent years. A significant drawback of global methods is their sensitivity to collinear camera settings. In this paper, we introduce an analysis and algorithms for averaging bifocal tensors (essential or fundamental matrices) when either subsets or all of the camera centers are collinear. <br>We provide a complete spectral characterization of bifocal tensors in collinear scenarios and further propose two averaging algorithms. The first algorithm uses rank constrained minimization to recover camera matrices in fully collinear settings. The second algorithm enriches the set of possibly mixed collinear and non-collinear cameras with additional, "virtual cameras," which are placed in general position, enabling the application of existing averaging methods to the enriched set of bifocal tensors. Our algorithms are shown to achieve state of the art results on various benchmarks that include autonomous car datasets and unordered image collections in both calibrated and unclibrated settings. 
### 45.Relation Graph Network for 3D Object Detection in Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00202.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have emerged as a powerful strategy for most object detection tasks on 2D images. However, their power has not been fully realised for detecting 3D objects in point clouds directly without converting them to regular grids. Existing state-of-art 3D object detection methods aim to recognize 3D objects individually without exploiting their relationships during learning or inference. In this paper, we first propose a strategy that associates the predictions of direction vectors and pseudo geometric centers together leading to a win-win solution for 3D bounding box candidates regression. Secondly, we propose point attention pooling to extract uniform appearance features for each 3D object proposal, benefiting from the learned direction features, semantic features and spatial coordinates of the object points. Finally, the appearance features are used together with the position features to build 3D object-object relationship graphs for all proposals to model their co-existence. We explore the effect of relation graphs on proposals' appearance features enhancement under supervised and unsupervised settings. The proposed relation graph network consists of a 3D object proposal generation module and a 3D relation module, makes it an end-to-end trainable network for detecting 3D object in point clouds. Experiments on challenging benchmarks ( SunRGB-Dand ScanNet datasets ) of 3D point clouds show that our algorithm can perform better than the existing state-of-the-art methods. 
### 46.EM-NET: Centerline-Aware Mitochondria Segmentation in EM Images via Hierarchical View-Ensemble Convolutional Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00201.pdf)
>  Although deep encoder-decoder networks have achieved astonishing performance for mitochondria segmentation from electron microscopy (EM) images, they still produce coarse segmentations with lots of discontinuities and false positives. Besides, the need for labor intensive annotations of large 3D dataset and huge memory overhead by 3D models are also major limitations. To address these problems, we introduce a multi-task network named EM-Net, which includes an auxiliary centerline detection task to account for shape information of mitochondria represented by centerline. Therefore, the centerline detection sub-network is able to enhance the accuracy and robustness of segmentation task, especially when only a small set of annotated data are available. To achieve a light-weight 3D network, we introduce a novel hierarchical view-ensemble convolution module to reduce number of parameters, and facilitate multi-view information aggregation.Validations on public benchmark showed state-of-the-art performance by EM-Net. Even with significantly reduced training data, our method still showed quite promising results. 
### 47.Pruning at a Glance: Global Neural Pruning for Model Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00200.pdf)
>  Deep Learning models have become the dominant approach in several areas due to their high performance. Unfortunately, the size and hence computational requirements of operating such models can be considerably high. Therefore, this constitutes a limitation for deployment on memory and battery constrained devices such as mobile phones or embedded systems. To address these limitations, we propose a novel and simple pruning method that compresses neural networks by removing entire filters and neurons according to a global threshold across the network without any pre-calculation of layer sensitivity. The resulting model is compact, non-sparse, with the same accuracy as the non-compressed model, and most importantly requires no special infrastructure for deployment. We prove the viability of our method by producing highly compressed models, namely VGG-16, ResNet-56, and ResNet-110 respectively on CIFAR10 without losing any performance compared to the baseline, as well as ResNet-34 and ResNet-50 on ImageNet without a significant loss of accuracy. We also provide a well-retrained 30\% compressed ResNet-50 that slightly surpasses the base model accuracy. Additionally, compressing more than 56\% and 97\% of AlexNet and LeNet-5 respectively. Interestingly, the resulted models' pruning patterns are highly similar to the other methods using layer sensitivity pre-calculation step. Our method does not only exhibit good performance but what is more also easy to implement. 
### 48.Urban Driving with Conditional Imitation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00177.pdf)
>  Hand-crafting generalised decision-making rules for real-world urban autonomous driving is hard. Alternatively, learning behaviour from easy-to-collect human driving demonstrations is appealing. Prior work has studied imitation learning (IL) for autonomous driving with a number of limitations. Examples include only performing lane-following rather than following a user-defined route, only using a single camera view or heavily cropped frames lacking state observability, only lateral (steering) control, but not longitudinal (speed) control and a lack of interaction with traffic. Importantly, the majority of such systems have been primarily evaluated in simulation - a simple domain, which lacks real-world complexities. Motivated by these challenges, we focus on learning representations of semantics, geometry and motion with computer vision for IL from human driving demonstrations. As our main contribution, we present an end-to-end conditional imitation learning approach, combining both lateral and longitudinal control on a real vehicle for following urban routes with simple traffic. We address inherent dataset bias by data balancing, training our final policy on approximately 30 hours of demonstrations gathered over six months. We evaluate our method on an autonomous vehicle by driving 35km of novel routes in European urban streets. 
### 49.Correction Filter for Single Image Super-Resolution: Robustifying Off-the-Shelf Deep Super-Resolvers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00157.pdf)
>  The single image super-resolution task is one of the most examined inverse problems in the past decade. In the recent years, Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have shown superior performance over alternative methods when the acquisition process uses a fixed known downsampling kernel-typically a bicubic kernel. However, several recent works have shown that in practical scenarios, where the test data mismatch the training data (e.g. when the downsampling kernel is not the bicubic kernel or is not available at training), the leading DNN methods suffer from a huge performance drop. Inspired by the literature on generalized sampling, in this work we propose a method for improving the performance of DNNs that have been trained with a fixed kernel on observations acquired by other kernels. For a known kernel, we design a closed-form correction filter that modifies the low-resolution image to match one which is obtained by another kernel (e.g. bicubic), and thus improves the results of existing pre-trained DNNs. For an unknown kernel, we extend this idea and propose an algorithm for blind estimation of the required correction filter. We show that our approach outperforms other super-resolution methods, which are designed for general downsampling kernels. 
### 50.Point Cloud Instance Segmentation using Probabilistic Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00145.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a new framework for point cloud instance segmentation. Our framework has two steps: an embedding step and a clustering step. In the embedding step, our main contribution is to propose a probabilistic embedding space for point cloud embedding. Specifically, each point is represented as a tri-variate normal distribution. In the clustering step, we propose a novel loss function, which benefits both the semantic segmentation and the clustering. Our experimental results show important improvements to the SOTA, i.e., 3.1% increased average per-category mAP on the PartNet dataset. 
### 51.Learning Rate Dropout  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00144.pdf)
>  The performance of a deep neural network is highly dependent on its training, and finding better local optimal solutions is the goal of many optimization algorithms. However, existing optimization algorithms show a preference for descent paths that converge slowly and do not seek to avoid bad local optima. In this work, we propose Learning Rate Dropout (LRD), a simple gradient descent technique for training related to coordinate descent. LRD empirically aids the optimizer to actively explore in the parameter space by randomly setting some learning rates to zero; at each iteration, only parameters whose learning rate is not 0 are updated. As the learning rate of different parameters is dropped, the optimizer will sample a new loss descent path for the current update. The uncertainty of the descent path helps the model avoid saddle points and bad local minima. Experiments show that LRD is surprisingly effective in accelerating training while preventing overfitting. 
### 52.Sub-pixel matching method for low-resolution thermal stereo images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00138.pdf)
>  In the context of a localization and tracking application, we developed a stereo vision system based on cheap low-resolution 80x60 pixels thermal cameras. We proposed a threefold sub-pixel stereo matching framework (called ST for Subpixel Thermal): 1) robust features extraction method based on phase congruency, 2) rough matching of these features in pixel precision, and 3) refined matching in sub-pixel accuracy based on local phase coherence. We performed experiments on our very low-resolution thermal images (acquired using a stereo system we manufactured) as for high-resolution images from a benchmark dataset. Even if phase congruency computation time is high, it was able to extract two times more features than state-of-the-art methods such as ORB or SURF. We proposed a modified version of the phase correlation applied in the phase congruency feature space for sub-pixel matching. Using simulated stereo, we investigated how the phase congruency threshold and the sub-image size of sub-pixel matching can influence the accuracy. We then proved that given our stereo setup and the resolution of our images, being wrong of 1 pixel leads to a 500 mm error in the Z position of the point. Finally, we showed that our method could extract four times more matches than a baseline method ORB + OpenCV KNN matching on low-resolution images. Moreover, our matches were more robust. More precisely, when projecting points of a standing person, ST got a standard deviation of 300 mm when ORB + OpenCV KNN gave more than 1000 mm. 
### 53.A Free Lunch in Generating Datasets: Building a VQG and VQA System with Attention and Humans in the Loop  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00124.pdf)
>  Despite their importance in training artificial intelligence systems, large datasets remain challenging to acquire. For example, the ImageNet dataset required fourteen million labels of basic human knowledge, such as whether an image contains a chair. Unfortunately, this knowledge is so simple that it is tedious for human annotators but also tacit enough such that they are necessary. However, human collaborative efforts for tasks like labeling massive amounts of data are costly, inconsistent, and prone to failure, and this method does not resolve the issue of the resulting dataset being static in nature. What if we asked people questions they want to answer and collected their responses as data? This would mean we could gather data at a much lower cost, and expanding a dataset would simply become a matter of asking more questions. We focus on the task of Visual Question Answering (VQA) and propose a system that uses Visual Question Generation (VQG) to produce questions, asks them to social media users, and collects their responses. We present two models that can then parse clean answers from the noisy human responses significantly better than our baselines, with the goal of eventually incorporating the answers into a Visual Question Answering (VQA) dataset. By demonstrating how our system can collect large amounts of data at little to no cost, we envision similar systems being used to improve performance on other tasks in the future. 
### 54.FusionMapping: Learning Depth Prediction with Monocular Images and 2D Laser Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00096.pdf)
>  Acquiring accurate three-dimensional depth information conventionally requires expensive multibeam LiDAR devices. Recently, researchers have developed a less expensive option by predicting depth information from two-dimensional color imagery. However, there still exists a substantial gap in accuracy between depth information estimated from two-dimensional images and real LiDAR point-cloud. In this paper, we introduce a fusion-based depth prediction method, called FusionMapping. This is the first method that fuses colored imagery and two-dimensional laser scan to estimate depth in-formation. More specifically, we propose an autoencoder-based depth prediction network and a novel point-cloud refinement network for depth estimation. We analyze the performance of our FusionMapping approach on the KITTI LiDAR odometry dataset and an indoor mobile robot system. The results show that our introduced approach estimates depth with better accuracy when compared to existing methods. 
### 55.Learning Perceptual Inference by Contrasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00086.pdf)
>  "Thinking in pictures," [1] i.e., spatial-temporal reasoning, effortless and instantaneous for humans, is believed to be a significant ability to perform logical induction and a crucial factor in the intellectual history of technology development. Modern Artificial Intelligence (AI), fueled by massive datasets, deeper models, and mighty computation, has come to a stage where (super-)human-level performances are observed in certain specific tasks. However, current AI's ability in "thinking in pictures" is still far lacking behind. In this work, we study how to improve machines' reasoning ability on one challenging task of this kind: Raven's Progressive Matrices (RPM). Specifically, we borrow the very idea of "contrast effects" from the field of psychology, cognition, and education to design and train a permutation-invariant model. Inspired by cognitive studies, we equip our model with a simple inference module that is jointly trained with the perception backbone. Combining all the elements, we propose the Contrastive Perceptual Inference network (CoPINet) and empirically demonstrate that CoPINet sets the new state-of-the-art for permutation-invariant models on two major datasets. We conclude that spatial-temporal reasoning depends on envisaging the possibilities consistent with the relations between objects and can be solved from pixel-level inputs. 
### 56.OptiBox: Breaking the Limits of Proposals for Visual Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00076.pdf)
>  The problem of language grounding has attracted much attention in recent years due to its pivotal role in more general image-lingual high level reasoning tasks (e.g., image captioning, VQA). Despite the tremendous progress in visual grounding, the performance of most approaches has been hindered by the quality of bounding box proposals obtained in the early stages of all recent pipelines. To address this limitation, we propose a general progressive query-guided bounding box refinement architecture (OptiBox) that leverages global image encoding for added context. We apply this architecture in the context of the GroundeR model, first introduced in 2016, which has a number of unique and appealing properties, such as the ability to learn in the semi-supervised setting by leveraging cyclic language-reconstruction. Using GroundeR + OptiBox and a simple semantic language reconstruction loss that we propose, we achieve state-of-the-art grounding performance in the supervised setting on Flickr30k Entities dataset. More importantly, we are able to surpass many recent fully supervised models with only 50% of training data and perform competitively with as low as 3%. 
### 57.Prior-based Domain Adaptive Object Detection for Adverse Weather Conditions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00070.pdf)
>  Adverse weather conditions such as rain and haze corrupt the quality of captured images, which cause detection networks trained on clean images to perform poorly on these images. To address this issue, we propose an unsupervised prior-based domain adversarial object detection framework for adapting the detectors to different weather conditions. We make the observations that corruptions due to different weather conditions (i) follow the principles of physics and hence, can be mathematically modeled, and (ii) often cause degradations in the feature space leading to deterioration in the detection performance. Motivated by these, we propose to use weather-specific prior knowledge obtained using the principles of image formation to define a novel prior-adversarial loss. The prior-adversarial loss used to train the adaptation process aims to produce weather-invariant features by reducing the weather-specific information in the features, thereby mitigating the effects of weather on the detection performance. Additionally, we introduce a set of residual feature recovery blocks in the object detection pipeline to de-distort the feature space, resulting in further improvements. The proposed framework outperforms all existing methods by a large margin when evaluated on different datasets such as Foggy-Cityscapes, Rainy-Cityscapes, RTTS and UFDD. 
### 58.SG-NN: Sparse Generative Neural Networks for Self-Supervised Scene Completion of RGB-D Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00036.pdf)
>  We present a novel approach that converts partial and noisy RGB-D scans into high-quality 3D scene reconstructions by inferring unobserved scene geometry. Our approach is fully self-supervised and can hence be trained solely on real-world, incomplete scans. To achieve self-supervision, we remove frames from a given (incomplete) 3D scan in order to make it even more incomplete; self-supervision is then formulated by correlating the two levels of partialness of the same scan while masking out regions that have never been observed. Through generalization across a large training set, we can then predict 3D scene completion without ever seeing any 3D scan of entirely complete geometry. Combined with a new 3D sparse generative neural network architecture, our method is able to predict highly-detailed surfaces in a coarse-to-fine hierarchical fashion, generating 3D scenes at 2cm resolution, more than twice the resolution of existing state-of-the-art methods as well as outperforming them by a significant margin in reconstruction quality. 
### 59.Adversarial normalization for multi domain image segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00993.pdf)
>  Image normalization is a critical step in medical imaging. This step is often done on a per-dataset basis, preventing current segmentation algorithms from the full potential of exploiting jointly normalized information across multiple datasets. To solve this problem, we propose an adversarial normalization approach for image segmentation which learns common normalizing functions across multiple datasets while retaining image realism. The adversarial training provides an optimal normalizer that improves both the segmentation accuracy and the discrimination of unrealistic normalizing functions. Our contribution therefore leverages common imaging information from multiple domains. The optimality of our common normalizer is evaluated by combining brain images from both infants and adults. Results on the challenging iSEG and MRBrainS datasets reveal the potential of our adversarial normalization approach for segmentation, with Dice improvements of up to 59.6% over the baseline. 
### 60.KernelNet: A Data-Dependent Kernel Parameterization for Deep Generative Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00979.pdf)
>  Learning with kernels is an often resorted tool in modern machine learning. Standard approaches for this type of learning use a predefined kernel that requires careful selection of hyperparameters. To mitigate this burden, we propose in this paper a framework to construct and learn a data-dependent kernel based on random features and implicit spectral distributions (Fourier transform of the kernel) parameterized by deep neural networks. We call the constructed network {\em KernelNet}, and apply it for deep generative modeling in various scenarios, including variants of the MMD-GAN and an implicit Variational Autoencoder (VAE), the two popular learning paradigms in deep generative models. Extensive experiments show the advantages of the proposed KernelNet, consistently achieving better performance compared to related methods. 
### 61.Applying Knowledge Transfer for Water Body Segmentation in Peru  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00957.pdf)
>  In this work, we present the application of convolutional neural networks for segmenting water bodies in satellite images. We first use a variant of the U-Net model to segment rivers and lakes from very high-resolution images from Peru. To circumvent the issue of scarce labelled data, we investigate the applicability of a knowledge transfer-based model that learns the mapping from high-resolution labelled images and combines it with the very high-resolution mapping so that better segmentation can be achieved. We train this model in a single process, end-to-end. Our preliminary results show that adding the information from the available high-resolution images does not help out-of-the-box, and in fact worsen results. This leads us to infer that the high-resolution data could be from a different distribution, and its addition leads to increased variance in our results. 
### 62.Augmented Reality for Human-Swarm Interaction in a Swarm-Robotic Chemistry Simulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00951.pdf)
>  We present a method to register individual members of a robotic swarm in an augmented reality display while showing relevant information about swarm dynamics to the user that would be otherwise hidden. Individual swarm members and clusters of the same group are identified by their color, and by blinking at a specific time interval that is distinct from the time interval at which their neighbors blink. We show that this problem is an instance of the graph coloring problem, which can be solved in a distributed manner in O(log(n)) time. We demonstrate our approach using a swarm chemistry simulation in which robots simulate individual atoms that form molecules following the rules of chemistry. Augmented reality is then used to display information about the internal state of individual swarm members as well as their topological relationship, corresponding to molecular bonds. 
### 63.Detecting mechanical loosening of total hip replacement implant from plain radiograph using deep convolutional neural network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00943.pdf)
>  Plain radiography is widely used to detect mechanical loosening of total hip replacement (THR) implants. Currently, radiographs are assessed manually by medical professionals, which may be prone to poor inter and intra observer reliability and low accuracy. Furthermore, manual detection of mechanical loosening of THR implants requires experienced clinicians who might not always be readily available, potentially resulting in delayed diagnosis. In this study, we present a novel, fully automatic and interpretable approach to detect mechanical loosening of THR implants from plain radiographs using deep convolutional neural network (CNN). We trained a CNN on 40 patients anteroposterior hip x rays using five fold cross validation and compared its performance with a high volume board certified orthopaedic surgeon (AFC). To increase the confidence in the machine outcome, we also implemented saliency maps to visualize where the CNN looked at to make a diagnosis. CNN outperformed the orthopaedic surgeon in diagnosing mechanical loosening of THR implants achieving significantly higher sensitively (0.94) than the orthopaedic surgeon (0.53) with the same specificity (0.96). The saliency maps showed that the CNN looked at clinically relevant features to make a diagnosis. Such CNNs can be used for automatic radiologic assessment of mechanical loosening of THR implants to supplement the practitioners decision making process, increasing their diagnostic accuracy, and freeing them to engage in more patient centric care. 
### 64.Efficient Relaxed Gradient Support Pursuit for Sparsity Constrained Non-convex Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00858.pdf)
>  Large-scale non-convex sparsity-constrained problems have recently gained extensive attention. Most existing deterministic optimization methods (e.g., GraSP) are not suitable for large-scale and high-dimensional problems, and thus stochastic optimization methods with hard thresholding (e.g., SVRGHT) become more attractive. Inspired by GraSP, this paper proposes a new general relaxed gradient support pursuit (RGraSP) framework, in which the sub-algorithm only requires to satisfy a slack descent condition. We also design two specific semi-stochastic gradient hard thresholding algorithms. In particular, our algorithms have much less hard thresholding operations than SVRGHT, and their average per-iteration cost is much lower (i.e., O(d) vs. O(d log(d)) for SVRGHT), which leads to faster convergence. Our experimental results on both synthetic and real-world datasets show that our algorithms are superior to the state-of-the-art gradient hard thresholding methods. 
### 65.An Attention-Based Speaker Naming Method for Online Adaptation in Non-Fixed Scenarios  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00649.pdf)
>  A speaker naming task, which finds and identifies the active speaker in a certain movie or drama scene, is crucial for dealing with high-level video analysis applications such as automatic subtitle labeling and video summarization. Modern approaches have usually exploited biometric features with a gradient-based method instead of rule-based algorithms. In a certain situation, however, a naive gradient-based method does not work efficiently. For example, when new characters are added to the target identification list, the neural network needs to be frequently retrained to identify new people and it causes delays in model preparation. In this paper, we present an attention-based method which reduces the model setup time by updating the newly added data via online adaptation without a gradient update process. We comparatively analyzed with three evaluation metrics(accuracy, memory usage, setup time) of the attention-based method and existing gradient-based methods under various controlled settings of speaker naming. Also, we applied existing speaker naming models and the attention-based model to real video to prove that our approach shows comparable accuracy to the existing state-of-the-art models and even higher accuracy in some cases. 
### 66.Flow Contrastive Estimation of Energy-Based Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00589.pdf)
>  This paper studies a training method to jointly estimate an energy-based model and a flow-based model, in which the two models are iteratively updated based on a shared adversarial value function. This joint training method has the following traits. (1) The update of the energy-based model is based on noise contrastive estimation, with the flow model serving as a strong noise distribution. (2) The update of the flow model approximately minimizes the Jensen-Shannon divergence between the flow model and the data distribution. (3) Unlike generative adversarial networks (GAN) which estimates an implicit probability distribution defined by a generator model, our method estimates two explicit probabilistic distributions on the data. Using the proposed method we demonstrate a significant improvement on the synthesis quality of the flow model, and show the effectiveness of unsupervised feature learning by the learned energy-based model. Furthermore, the proposed training method can be easily adapted to semi-supervised learning. We achieve competitive results to the state-of-the-art semi-supervised learning methods. 
### 67.Anomaly Detection in Particulate Matter Sensor using Hypothesis Pruning Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00583.pdf)
>  World Health Organization (WHO) provides the guideline for managing the Particulate Matter (PM) level because when the PM level is higher, it threats the human health. For managing PM level, the procedure for measuring PM value is needed firstly. The Beta Attenuation Monitor (BAM)-based PM sensor can be used for measuring PM value precisely. However, BAM-based sensor occurs not only high cost for maintaining but also cause of lower spatial resolution for monitoring PM level. We use Tapered Element Oscillating Microbalance (TEOM)-based sensors, which needs lower cost than BAM-based sensor, as a way to increase spatial resolution for monitoring PM level. The disadvantage of TEOM-based sensor is higher probability of malfunctioning than BAM-based sensor. In this paper, we aim to detect malfunctions for the maintenance of these cost-effective sensors. In this paper, we call many kinds of malfunctions from sensor as anomaly, and our purpose is detecting anomalies in PM sensor. We propose a novel architecture named with Hypothesis Pruning Generative Adversarial Network (HP-GAN) for anomaly detection. We present the performance comparison with other anomaly detection models with experiments. The results show that proposed architecture, HP-GAN, achieves cutting-edge performance at anomaly detection. 
### 68.Fastened CROWN: Tightened Neural Network Robustness Certificates  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00574.pdf)
>  The rapid growth of deep learning applications in real life is accompanied by severe safety concerns. To mitigate this uneasy phenomenon, much research has been done providing reliable evaluations of the fragility level in different deep neural networks. Apart from devising adversarial attacks, quantifiers that certify safeguarded regions have also been designed in the past five years. The summarizing work of Salman et al. unifies a family of existing verifiers under a convex relaxation framework. We draw inspiration from such work and further demonstrate the optimality of deterministic CROWN (Zhang et al. 2018) solutions in a given linear programming problem under mild constraints. Given this theoretical result, the computationally expensive linear programming based method is shown to be unnecessary. We then propose an optimization-based approach \textit{FROWN} (\textbf{F}astened C\textbf{ROWN}): a general algorithm to tighten robustness certificates for neural networks. Extensive experiments on various networks trained individually verify the effectiveness of FROWN in safeguarding larger robust regions. 
### 69.Pyramid Convolutional RNN for MRI Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00543.pdf)
>  Fast and accurate MRI image reconstruction from undersampled data is critically important in clinical practice. Compressed sensing based methods are widely used in image reconstruction but the speed is slow due to the iterative algorithms. Deep learning based methods have shown promising advances in recent years. However, recovering the fine details from highly undersampled data is still challenging. In this paper, we introduce a novel deep learning-based method, Pyramid Convolutional RNN (PC-RNN), to reconstruct the image from multiple scales. We evaluated our model on the fastMRI dataset and the results show that the proposed model achieves significant improvements than other methods and can recover more fine details. 
### 70.Detecting GAN generated errors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00527.pdf)
>  Despite an impressive performance from the latest GAN for generating hyper-realistic images, GAN discriminators have difficulty evaluating the quality of an individual generated sample. This is because the task of evaluating the quality of a generated image differs from deciding if an image is real or fake. A generated image could be perfect except in a single area but still be detected as fake. Instead, we propose a novel approach for detecting where errors occur within a generated image. By collaging real images with generated images, we compute for each pixel, whether it belongs to the real distribution or generated distribution. Furthermore, we leverage attention to model long-range dependency; this allows detection of errors which are reasonable locally but not holistically. For evaluation, we show that our error detection can act as a quality metric for an individual image, unlike FID and IS. We leverage Improved Wasserstein, BigGAN, and StyleGAN to show a ranking based on our metric correlates impressively with FID scores. Our work opens the door for better understanding of GAN and the ability to select the best samples from a GAN model. 
### 71.Texture Hallucination for Large-Scale Painting Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00515.pdf)
>  We aim to super-resolve digital paintings, synthesizing realistic details from high-resolution reference painting materials for very large scaling factors (e.g., 8x, 16x). However, previous single image super-resolution (SISR) methods would either lose textural details or introduce unpleasing artifacts. On the other hand, reference-based SR (Ref-SR) methods can transfer textures to some extent, but is still impractical to handle very large scales and keep fidelity with original input. To solve these problems, we propose an efficient high-resolution hallucination network for very large scaling factors with efficient network structure and feature transferring. To transfer more detailed textures, we design a wavelet texture loss, which helps to enhance more high-frequency components. At the same time, to reduce the smoothing effect brought by the image reconstruction loss, we further relax the reconstruction constraint with a degradation loss which ensures the consistency between downscaled super-resolution results and low-resolution inputs. We also collected a high-resolution (e.g., 4K resolution) painting dataset PaintHD by considering both physical size and image resolution. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method with extensive experiments on PaintHD by comparing with SISR and Ref-SR state-of-the-art methods. 
### 72.A Method for Computing Class-wise Universal Adversarial Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00466.pdf)
>  We present an algorithm for computing class-specific universal adversarial perturbations for deep neural networks. Such perturbations can induce misclassification in a large fraction of images of a specific class. Unlike previous methods that use iterative optimization for computing a universal perturbation, the proposed method employs a perturbation that is a linear function of weights of the neural network and hence can be computed much faster. The method does not require any training data and has no hyper-parameters. The attack obtains 34% to 51% fooling rate on state-of-the-art deep neural networks on ImageNet and transfers across models. We also study the characteristics of the decision boundaries learned by standard and adversarially trained models to understand the universal adversarial perturbations. 
### 73.Stochastic tissue window normalization of deep learning on computed tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00420.pdf)
>  Tissue window filtering has been widely used in deep learning for computed tomography (CT) image analyses to improve training performance (e.g., soft tissue windows for abdominal CT). However, the effectiveness of tissue window normalization is questionable since the generalizability of the trained model might be further harmed, especially when such models are applied to new cohorts with different CT reconstruction kernels, contrast mechanisms, dynamic variations in the acquisition, and physiological changes. We evaluate the effectiveness of both with and without using soft tissue window normalization on multisite CT cohorts. Moreover, we propose a stochastic tissue window normalization (SWN) method to improve the generalizability of tissue window normalization. Different from the random sampling, the SWN method centers the randomization around the soft tissue window to maintain the specificity for abdominal organs. To evaluate the performance of different strategies, 80 training and 453 validation and testing scans from six datasets are employed to perform multi-organ segmentation using standard 2D U-Net. The six datasets cover the scenarios, where the training and testing scans are from (1) same scanner and same population, (2) same CT contrast but different pathology, and (3) different CT contrast and pathology. The traditional soft tissue window and nonwindowed approaches achieved better performance on (1). The proposed SWN achieved general superior performance on (2) and (3) with statistical analyses, which offers better generalizability for a trained model. 
### 74.Hepatocellular Carcinoma Intra-arterial Treatment Response Prediction for Improved Therapeutic Decision-Making  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00411.pdf)
>  This work proposes a pipeline to predict treatment response to intra-arterial therapy of patients with Hepatocellular Carcinoma (HCC) for improved therapeutic decision-making. Our graph neural network model seamlessly combines heterogeneous inputs of baseline MR scans, pre-treatment clinical information, and planned treatment characteristics and has been validated on patients with HCC treated by transarterial chemoembolization (TACE). It achieves Accuracy of $0.713 \pm 0.075$, F1 of $0.702 \pm 0.082$ and AUC of $0.710 \pm 0.108$. In addition, the pipeline incorporates uncertainty estimation to select hard cases and most align with the misclassified cases. The proposed pipeline arrives at more informed intra-arterial therapeutic decisions for patients with HCC via improving model accuracy and incorporating uncertainty estimation. 
### 75.Integrate Image Representation to Text Model on Sentence Level: a Semi-supervised Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00336.pdf)
>  Integrating visual features has been proved useful in language representation learning. Nevertheless, in most existing multi-modality models, alignment of visual and textual data is prerequisite. In this paper, we propose a novel semi-supervised visual integration framework for sentence level language representation. The uniqueness include: 1) the integration is conducted via a semi-supervised approach, which can bring image to textual NLU tasks by pre-training a visualization network, 2) visual representations are dynamically integrated in both training and predicting stages. To verify the efficacy of the proposed framework, we conduct the experiments on the SemEval 2018 Task 11 and reach new state-of-the-art on this reading comprehension task. Considering that the visual integration framework only requires image database, and no extra alignment is required for training and prediction, it provides an efficient and feasible method for multi-modality language learning. 
### 76.Transferability versus Discriminability: Joint Probability Distribution Adaptation (JPDA)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00320.pdf)
>  Transfer learning makes use of data or knowledge in one task to help solve a different, yet related, task. Many existing TL approaches are based on a joint probability distribution metric, which is a weighted sum of the marginal distribution and the conditional distribution; however, they optimize the two distributions independently, and ignore their intrinsic dependency. This paper proposes a novel and frustratingly easy Joint Probability Distribution Adaptation (JPDA) approach, to replace the frequently-used joint maximum mean discrepancy metric in transfer learning. During the distribution adaptation, JPDA improves the transferability between the source and the target domains by minimizing the joint probability discrepancy of the corresponding class, and also increases the discriminability between different classes by maximizing their joint probability discrepancy. Experiments on six image classification datasets demonstrated that JPDA outperforms several state-of-the-art metric-based transfer learning approaches. 
### 77.Image segmentation of liver stage malaria infection with spatial uncertainty sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00262.pdf)
>  Global eradication of malaria depends on the development of drugs effective against the silent, yet obligate liver stage of the disease. The gold standard in drug development remains microscopic imaging of liver stage parasites in in vitro cell culture models. Image analysis presents a major bottleneck in this pipeline since the parasite has significant variability in size, shape, and density in these models. As with other highly variable datasets, traditional segmentation models have poor generalizability as they rely on hand-crafted features; thus, manual annotation of liver stage malaria images remains standard. To address this need, we develop a convolutional neural network architecture that utilizes spatial dropout sampling for parasite segmentation and epistemic uncertainty estimation in images of liver stage malaria. Our pipeline produces high-precision segmentations nearly identical to expert annotations, generalizes well on a diverse dataset of liver stage malaria parasites, and promotes independence between learned feature maps to model the uncertainty of generated predictions. 
### 78.Convolutional neural networks model improvements using demographics and image processing filters on chest x-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00233.pdf)
>  Purpose: The purpose of this study was to observe change in accuracies of convolutional neural networks (CNN) models (ratio of correct classifications to total predictions) on thoracic radiological images by creating different binary classification models based on age, gender, and image pre-processing filters on 14 pathologies. <br>Methodology: This is a quantitative research exploring variation in CNN model accuracies. Radiological thoracic images were divided by age and gender and pre-processed by various image processing filters. <br>Findings: We found partial support for enhancement to model accuracies by segregating modeling images by age and gender and applying image processing filters even though image processing filters are sometimes thought of as information filters. <br>Research limitations: This study may be biased because it is based on radiological images by another research that tagged the images using an automated process that was not checked by a human. <br>Practical implications: Researchers may want to focus on creating models segregated by demographics and pre-process the modeling images using image processing filters. Practitioners developing assistive technologies for thoracic diagnoses may benefit from incorporating demographics and employing multiple models simultaneously with varying statistical likelihood. <br>Originality/value: This study uses demographics in model creation and utilizes image processing filters to improve model performance. <br>Keywords: Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), Chest X-Ray, ChestX-ray14, Lung, Atelectasis, Cardiomegaly, Consolidation, Edema, Effusion, Emphysema, Infiltration, Mass, Nodule, Pleural Thickening, Pneumonia, Pneumathorax 
### 79.Probing the State of the Art: A Critical Look at Visual Representation Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00215.pdf)
>  Self-supervised research improved greatly over the past half decade, with much of the growth being driven by objectives that are hard to quantitatively compare. These techniques include colorization, cyclical consistency, and noise-contrastive estimation from image patches. Consequently, the field has settled on a handful of measurements that depend on linear probes to adjudicate which approaches are the best. Our first contribution is to show that this test is insufficient and that models which perform poorly (strongly) on linear classification can perform strongly (weakly) on more involved tasks like temporal activity localization. Our second contribution is to analyze the capabilities of five different representations. And our third contribution is a much needed new dataset for temporal activity localization. 
### 80.SGAS: Sequential Greedy Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00195.pdf)
>  Architecture design has become a crucial component of successful deep learning. Recent progress in automatic neural architecture search (NAS) shows a lot of promise. However, discovered architectures often fail to generalize in the final evaluation. Architectures with a higher validation accuracy during the search phase may perform worse in the evaluation. Aiming to alleviate this common issue, we introduce sequential greedy architecture search (SGAS), an efficient method for neural architecture search. By dividing the search procedure into sub-problems, SGAS chooses and prunes candidate operations in a greedy fashion. We apply SGAS to search architectures for Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) and Graph Convolutional Networks (GCN). Extensive experiments show that SGAS is able to find state-of-the-art architectures for tasks such as image classification, point cloud classification and node classification in protein-protein interaction graphs with minimal computational cost. Please visit <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/kaust.edu.sa/sgas" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> for more information about SGAS. 
### 81.Square Attack: a query-efficient black-box adversarial attack via random search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00049.pdf)
>  We propose the Square Attack, a new score-based black-box $l_2$ and $l_\infty$ adversarial attack that does not rely on local gradient information and thus is not affected by gradient masking. The Square Attack is based on a randomized search scheme where we select localized square-shaped updates at random positions so that the $l_\infty$- or $l_2$-norm of the perturbation is approximately equal to the maximal budget at each step. Our method is algorithmically transparent, robust to the choice of hyperparameters, and is significantly more query efficient compared to the more complex state-of-the-art methods. In particular, on ImageNet we improve the average query efficiency for various deep networks by a factor of at least $2$ and up to $7$ compared to the recent state-of-the-art $l_\infty$-attack of Meunier et al. while having a higher success rate. The Square Attack can even be competitive to gradient-based white-box attacks in terms of success rate. Moreover, we show its utility by breaking a recently proposed defense based on randomization. The code of our attack is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/max-andr/square-attack" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 82.Learning Likelihoods with Conditional Normalizing Flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.00042.pdf)
>  Normalizing Flows (NFs) are able to model complicated distributions p(y) with strong inter-dimensional correlations and high multimodality by transforming a simple base density p(z) through an invertible neural network under the change of variables formula. Such behavior is desirable in multivariate structured prediction tasks, where handcrafted per-pixel loss-based methods inadequately capture strong correlations between output dimensions. We present a study of conditional normalizing flows (CNFs), a class of NFs where the base density to output space mapping is conditioned on an input x, to model conditional densities p(y|x). CNFs are efficient in sampling and inference, they can be trained with a likelihood-based objective, and CNFs, being generative flows, do not suffer from mode collapse or training instabilities. We provide an effective method to train continuous CNFs for binary problems and in particular, we apply these CNFs to super-resolution and vessel segmentation tasks demonstrating competitive performance on standard benchmark datasets in terms of likelihood and conventional metrics. 
