# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 9 Dec 2019
### 1.PU-GCN: Point Cloud Upsampling using Graph Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03264.pdf)
>  Upsampling sparse, noisy, and non-uniform point clouds is a challenging task. In this paper, we propose 3 novel point upsampling modules: Multi-branch GCN, Clone GCN, and NodeShuffle. Our modules use Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) to better encode local point information. Our upsampling modules are versatile and can be incorporated into any point cloud upsampling pipeline. We show how our 3 modules consistently improve state-of-the-art methods in all point upsampling metrics. We also propose a new multi-scale point feature extractor, called Inception DenseGCN. We modify current Inception GCN algorithms by introducing DenseGCN blocks. By aggregating data at multiple scales, our new feature extractor is more resilient to density changes along point cloud surfaces. We combine Inception DenseGCN with one of our upsampling modules (NodeShuffle) into a new point upsampling pipeline: PU-GCN. We show both qualitatively and quantitatively the advantages of PU-GCN against the state-of-the-art in terms of fine-grained upsampling quality and point cloud uniformity. The website and source code of this work is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/kaust.edu.sa/pugcn" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> and <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/guochengqian/PU-GCN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> respectively. 
### 2.A Benchmark for Lidar Sensors in Fog: Is Detection Breaking Down?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03251.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving at level five does not only means self-driving in the sunshine. Adverse weather is especially critical because fog, rain, and snow degrade the perception of the environment. In this work, current state of the art light detection and ranging (lidar) sensors are tested in controlled conditions in a fog chamber. We present current problems and disturbance patterns for four different state of the art lidar systems. Moreover, we investigate how tuning internal parameters can improve their performance in bad weather situations. This is of great importance because most state of the art detection algorithms are based on undisturbed lidar data. 
### 3.NASA: Neural Articulated Shape Approximation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03207.pdf)
>  Efficient representation of articulated objects such as human bodies is an important problem in computer vision and graphics. To efficiently simulate deformation, existing approaches represent objects as meshes and deform them using skinning techniques. This paper introduces neural articulated shape approximation (NASA), a framework that enables efficient representation of articulated deformable objects using neural indicator functions parameterized by pose. In contrast to classic approaches, NASA avoids the need to convert between different representations. For occupancy testing, NASA circumvents the complexity of meshes and mitigates the issue of water-tightness. In comparison with regular grids and octrees, our approach provides high resolution without high memory use. 
### 4.Dynamic Convolutions: Exploiting Spatial Sparsity for Faster Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03203.pdf)
>  Modern convolutional neural networks apply the same operations on every pixel in an image. However, not all image regions are equally important. To address this inefficiency, we propose a method to dynamically apply convolutions conditioned on the input image. We introduce a residual block where a small gating branch learns which spatial positions should be evaluated. These discrete gating decisions are trained end-to-end using the Gumbel-Softmax trick, in combination with a sparsity criterion. Our experiments on Food-101, CIFAR and ImageNet show that our method has better focus on the region of interest and better accuracy than existing methods, at a lower computational complexity. Moreover, we provide an efficient CUDA implementation of our dynamic convolutions using a gather-scatter approach, achieving a significant improvement in inference speed on MobileNetV2 and ShuffleNetV2. On human pose estimation, a task that is inherently spatially sparse, the processing speed is increased by 45% with less than 0.1% loss in accuracy. 
### 5.Waterfall Atrous Spatial Pooling Architecture for Efficient Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03183.pdf)
>  We propose a new efficient architecture for semantic segmentation, based on a "Waterfall" Atrous Spatial Pooling architecture, that achieves a considerable accuracy increase while decreasing the number of network parameters and memory footprint. The proposed Waterfall architecture leverages the efficiency of progressive filtering in the cascade architecture while maintaining multiscale fields-of-view comparable to spatial pyramid configurations. Additionally, our method does not rely on a postprocessing stage with Conditional Random Fields, which further reduces complexity and required training time. We demonstrate that the Waterfall approach with a ResNet backbone is a robust and efficient architecture for semantic segmentation obtaining state-of-the-art results with significant reduction in the number of parameters for the Pascal VOC dataset and the Cityscapes dataset. 
### 6.Controlling Style and Semantics in Weakly-Supervised Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03161.pdf)
>  We propose a weakly-supervised approach for conditional image generation of complex scenes where a user has fine control over objects appearing in the scene. We exploit sparse semantic maps to control object shapes and classes, as well as textual descriptions or attributes to control both local and global style. To further augment the controllability of the scene, we propose a two-step generation scheme that decomposes background and foreground. The label maps used to train our model are produced by a large-vocabulary object detector, which enables access to unlabeled sets of data and provides structured instance information. In such a setting, we report better FID scores compared to a fully-supervised setting where the model is trained on ground-truth semantic maps. We also showcase the ability of our model to manipulate a scene on complex datasets such as COCO and Visual Genome. 
### 7.300 GHz Radar Object Recognition based on Deep Neural Networks and Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03157.pdf)
>  For high resolution scene mapping and object recognition, optical technologies such as cameras and LiDAR are the sensors of choice. However, for robust future vehicle autonomy and driver assistance in adverse weather conditions, improvements in automotive radar technology, and the development of algorithms and machine learning for robust mapping and recognition are essential. In this paper, we describe a methodology based on deep neural networks to recognise objects in 300GHz radar images, investigating robustness to changes in range, orientation and different receivers in a laboratory environment. As the training data is limited, we have also investigated the effects of transfer learning. As a necessary first step before road trials, we have also considered detection and classification in multiple object scenes. 
### 8.Face Recognition via Locality Constrained Low Rank Representation and Dictionary Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03145.pdf)
>  Face recognition has been widely studied due to its importance in smart cities applications. However, the case when both training and test images are corrupted is not well solved. To address such a problem, this paper proposes a locality constrained low rank representation and dictionary learning (LCLRRDL) algorithm for robust face recognition. In particular, we present three contributions in the proposed formulation. First, a low-rank representation is introduced to handle the possible contamination of the training as well as test data. Second, a locality constraint is incorporated to acknowledge the intrinsic manifold structure of training data. With the locality constraint term, our scheme induces similar samples to have similar representations. Third, a compact dictionary is learned to handle the problem of corrupted data. The experimental results on two public databases demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach. Matlab code of our proposed LCLRRDL can be downloaded from <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yinhefeng/LCLRRDL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 9.Learnt dynamics generalizes across tasks, datasets, and populations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03130.pdf)
>  Differentiating multivariate dynamic signals is a difficult learning problem as the feature space may be large yet often only a few training examples are available. Traditional approaches to this problem either proceed from handcrafted features or require large datasets to combat the m &gt;&gt; n problem. In this paper, we show that the source of the problem---signal dynamics---can be used to our advantage and noticeably improve classification performance on a range of discrimination tasks when training data is scarce. We demonstrate that self-supervised pre-training guided by signal dynamics produces embedding that generalizes across tasks, datasets, data collection sites, and data distributions. We perform an extensive evaluation of this approach on a range of tasks including simulated data, keyword detection problem, and a range of functional neuroimaging data, where we show that a single embedding learnt on healthy subjects generalizes across a number of disorders, age groups, and datasets. 
### 10.Connecting Vision and Language with Localized Narratives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03098.pdf)
>  We propose Localized Narratives, an efficient way to collect image captions with dense visual grounding. We ask annotators to describe an image with their voice while simultaneously hovering their mouse over the region they are describing. Since the voice and the mouse pointer are synchronized, we can localize every single word in the description. This dense visual grounding takes the form of a mouse trace segment per word and is unique to our data. We annotate 500k images with Localized Narratives: the whole COCO dataset and 380k images of the Open Images dataset. We provide an extensive analysis of these annotations, which we will release early 2020. Moreover, we demonstrate the utility of our data on two applications which benefit from our mouse trace: controlled image captioning and image generation. 
### 11.Video to Events: Bringing Modern Computer Vision Closer to Event Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03095.pdf)
>  Event cameras are novel sensors that output brightness changes in the form of a stream of asynchronous "events" instead of intensity frames. They offer significant advantages with respect to conventional cameras: high dynamic range (HDR), high temporal resolution, and no motion blur. Recently, novel learning approaches operating on event data have achieved impressive results. Yet, these methods require a large amount of event data for training, which is hardly available due the novelty of event sensors in computer vision research. In this paper, we present a method that addresses these needs by converting any existing video dataset recorded with conventional cameras to synthetic event data. This unlocks the use of a virtually unlimited number of existing video datasets for training networks designed for real event data. We evaluate our method on two relevant vision tasks, i.e., object recognition and semantic segmentation, and show that models trained on synthetic events have several benefits: (i) they generalize well to real event data, even in scenarios where standard-camera images are blurry or overexposed, by inheriting the outstanding properties of event cameras; (ii) they can be used for fine-tuning on real data to improve over state-of-the-art for both classification and semantic segmentation. 
### 12.Exploring Unlabeled Faces for Novel Attribute Discovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03085.pdf)
>  Despite remarkable success in unpaired image-to-image translation, existing systems still require a large amount of labeled images. This is a bottleneck for their real-world applications; in practice, a model trained on labeled CelebA dataset does not work well for test images from a different distribution -- greatly limiting their application to unlabeled images of a much larger quantity. In this paper, we attempt to alleviate this necessity for labeled data in the facial image translation domain. We aim to explore the degree to which you can discover novel attributes from unlabeled faces and perform high-quality translation. To this end, we use prior knowledge about the visual world as guidance to discover novel attributes and transfer them via a novel normalization method. Experiments show that our method trained on unlabeled data produces high-quality translations, preserves identity, and be perceptually realistic as good as, or better than, state-of-the-art methods trained on labeled data. 
### 13.Visual-Textual Association with Hardest and Semi-Hard Negative Pairs Mining for Person Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03083.pdf)
>  Searching persons in large-scale image databases with the query of natural language description is a more practical important applications in video surveillance. Intuitively, for person search, the core issue should be visual-textual association, which is still an extremely challenging task, due to the contradiction between the high abstraction of textual description and the intuitive expression of visual images. However, for this task, while positive image-text pairs are always well provided, most existing methods doesn't tackle this problem effectively by mining more reasonable negative pairs. In this paper, we proposed a novel visual-textual association approach with visual and textual attention, and cross-modality hardest and semi-hard negative pair mining. In order to evaluate the effectiveness and feasibility of the proposed approach, we conduct extensive experiments on typical person search datasdet: CUHK-PEDES, in which our approach achieves the top1 score of 55.32% as a new state-of-the-art. Besides, we also evaluate the semi-hard pair mining approach in COCO caption dataset, and validate the effectiveness and complementarity of the methods. 
### 14.Weak Supervision helps Emergence of Word-Object Alignment and improves Vision-Language Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03063.pdf)
>  The large adoption of the self-attention (i.e. transformer model) and BERT-like training principles has recently resulted in a number of high performing models on a large panoply of vision-and-language problems (such as Visual Question Answering (VQA), image retrieval, etc.). In this paper we claim that these State-Of-The-Art (SOTA) approaches perform reasonably well in structuring information inside a single modality but, despite their impressive performances , they tend to struggle to identify fine-grained inter-modality relationships. Indeed, such relations are frequently assumed to be implicitly learned during training from application-specific losses, mostly cross-entropy for classification. While most recent works provide inductive bias for inter-modality relationships via cross attention modules, in this work, we demonstrate (1) that the latter assumption does not hold, i.e. modality alignment does not necessarily emerge automatically, and (2) that adding weak supervision for alignment between visual objects and words improves the quality of the learned models on tasks requiring reasoning. In particular , we integrate an object-word alignment loss into SOTA vision-language reasoning models and evaluate it on two tasks VQA and Language-driven Comparison of Images. We show that the proposed fine-grained inter-modality supervision significantly improves performance on both tasks. In particular, this new learning signal allows obtaining SOTA-level performances on GQA dataset (VQA task) with pre-trained models without finetuning on the task, and a new SOTA on NLVR2 dataset (Language-driven Comparison of Images). Finally, we also illustrate the impact of the contribution on the models reasoning by visualizing attention distributions. 
### 15.Perspective-consistent multifocus multiview 3D reconstruction of small objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03005.pdf)
>  Image-based 3D reconstruction or 3D photogrammetry of small-scale objects including insects and biological specimens is challenging due to the use of high magnification lens with inherent limited depth of field, and the object's fine structures and complex surface properties. Due to these challenges, traditional 3D reconstruction techniques cannot be applied without suitable image pre-processings. One such preprocessing technique is multifocus stacking that combines a set of partially focused images captured from the same viewing angle to create a single in-focus image. Traditional multifocus image capture uses a camera on a macro rail. Furthermore, the scale and shift are not properly considered by multifocus stacking techniques. As a consequence, the resulting in-focus images contain artifacts that violate perspective image formation. A 3D reconstruction using such images will fail to produce an accurate 3D model of the object. This paper shows how this problem can be solved effectively by a new multifocus stacking procedure which includes a new Fixed-Lens Multifocus Capture and camera calibration for image scale and shift. Initial experimental results are presented to confirm our expectation and show that the camera poses of fixed-lens images are at least 3-times less noisy than those of conventional moving lens images. 
### 16.Pyramid Multi-view Stereo Net with Self-adaptive View Aggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03001.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an effective and efficient pyramid multi-view stereo (MVS) net for accurate and complete dense point cloud reconstruction. Different from existing deep-learning based MVS methods, our VA-MVSNet incorporates the cost variance between different views by introducing two novel self-adaptive view aggregation: pixel-wise view aggregation and voxel-wise view aggregation. Moreover, to enhance the point cloud reconstruction on the texture-less regions, we extend VA-MVSNet with pyramid multi-scale images input as PVA-MVSNet, where multi-metric constraints are leveraged to aggregate the reliable depth estimation at the coarser scale to fill-in the mismatched regions at the finer scale. Experimental results show that our approach establishes a new state-of-the-art on the DTU dataset with significant improvements in the completeness and overall quality of 3D reconstruction, and ranks 1st on the Tanks and Temples benchmark among all published deep-learning based methods. Our codebase is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yhw-yhw/PVAMVSNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 17.3D CNN with Localized Residual Connections for Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03000.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a novel 3D CNN network with localized residual connections for hyperspectral image classification. Our work chalks a comparative study with the existing methods employed for abstracting deeper features and propose a model which incorporates residual features from multiple stages in the network. The proposed architecture processes individual spatiospectral feature rich cubes from hyperspectral images through 3D convolutional layers. The residual connections result in improved performance due to assimilation of both low-level and high-level features. We conduct experiments over Pavia University and Pavia Center dataset for performance analysis. We compare our method with two recent state-of-the-art methods for hyperspectral image classification method. The proposed network outperforms the existing approaches by a good margin. 
### 18.Grid-GCN for Fast and Scalable Point Cloud Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.02984.pdf)
>  Due to the sparsity and irregularity of the point cloud data, methods that directly consume points have become popular. Among all point-based models, graph convolutional networks (GCN) lead to notable performance by fully preserving the data granularity and exploiting point interrelation. However, point-based networks spend a significant amount of time on data structuring (e.g., Farthest Point Sampling (FPS) and neighbor points querying), which limit the speed and scalability. In this paper, we present a method, named Grid-GCN, for fast and scalable point cloud learning. Grid-GCN uses a novel data structuring strategy, Coverage-Aware Grid Query (CAGQ). By leveraging the efficiency of grid space, CAGQ improves spatial coverage while reducing the theoretical time complexity. Compared with popular sampling methods such as Farthest Point Sampling (FPS) and Ball Query, CAGQ achieves up to 50X speed-up. With a Grid Context Aggregation (GCA) module, Grid-GCN achieves state-of-the-art performance on major point cloud classification and segmentation benchmarks with significantly faster runtime than previous studies. Remarkably, Grid-GCN achieves the inference speed of 50fps on ScanNet using 81920 points per scene as input. The code will be released. 
### 19.DeepEthnic: Multi-Label Ethnic Classification from Face Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.02983.pdf)
>  Ethnic group classification is a well-researched problem, which has been pursued mainly during the past two decades via traditional approaches of image processing and machine learning. In this paper, we propose a method of classifying an image face into an ethnic group by applying transfer learning from a previously trained classification network for large-scale data recognition. Our proposed method yields state-of-the-art success rates of 99.02%, 99.76%, 99.2%, and 96.7%, respectively, for the four ethnic groups: African, Asian, Caucasian, and Indian. 
### 20.LaTeS: Latent Space Distillation for Teacher-Student Driving Policy Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.02973.pdf)
>  We describe a policy learning approach to map visual inputs to driving controls that leverages side information on semantics and affordances of objects in the scene from a secondary teacher model. While the teacher receives semantic segmentation and stop "intention" values as inputs and produces an estimate of the driving controls, the primary student model only receives images as inputs, and attempts to imitate the controls while being biased towards the latent representation of the teacher model. The latent representation encodes task-relevant information in the inputs of the teacher model, which are semantic segmentation of the image, and intention values for driving controls in the presence of objects in the scene such as vehicles, pedestrians and traffic lights. Our student model does not attempt to infer semantic segmentation or intention values from its inputs, nor to mimic the output behavior of the teacher. It instead attempts to capture the representation of the teacher inputs that are relevant for driving. Our training does not require laborious annotations such as maps or objects in three dimensions; even the teacher model just requires two-dimensional segmentation and intention values. Moreover, our model runs in real time of 59 FPS. We test our approach on recent simulated and real-world driving datasets, and introduce a more challenging but realistic evaluation protocol that considers a run that reaches the destination successful only if it does not violate common traffic rules. 
### 21.End-to-end Training of CNN-CRF via Differentiable Dual-Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.02937.pdf)
>  Modern computer vision (CV) is often based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) that excel at hierarchical feature extraction. The previous generation of CV approaches was often based on conditional random fields (CRFs) that excel at modeling flexible higher order interactions. As their benefits are complementary they are often combined. However, these approaches generally use mean-field approximations and thus, arguably, did not directly optimize the real problem. Here we revisit dual-decomposition-based approaches to CRF optimization, an alternative to the mean-field approximation. These algorithms can efficiently and exactly solve sub-problems and directly optimize a convex upper bound of the real problem, providing optimality certificates on the way. Our approach uses a novel fixed-point iteration algorithm which enjoys dual-monotonicity, dual-differentiability and high parallelism. The whole system, CRF and CNN can thus be efficiently trained using back-propagation. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our system on semantic image segmentation, showing consistent improvement over baseline models. 
### 22.Generating 3D People in Scenes without People  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.02923.pdf)
>  We present a fully-automatic system that takes a 3D scene and generates plausible 3D human bodies that are posed naturally in that 3D scene. Given a 3D scene without people, humans can easily imagine how people could interact with the scene and the objects in it. However, this is a challenging task for a computer as solving it requires (1) the generated human bodies should be semantically plausible with the 3D environment, e.g. people sitting on the sofa or cooking near the stove; (2) the generated human-scene interaction should be physically feasible in the way that the human body and scene do not interpenetrate while, at the same time, body-scene contact supports physical interactions. To that end, we make use of the surface-based 3D human model SMPL-X. We first train a conditional variational autoencoder to predict semantically plausible 3D human pose conditioned on latent scene representations, then we further refine the generated 3D bodies using scene constraints to enforce feasible physical interaction. We show that our approach is able to synthesize realistic and expressive 3D human bodies that naturally interact with 3D environment. We perform extensive experiments demonstrating that our generative framework compares favorably with existing methods, both qualitatively and quantitatively. We believe that our scene-conditioned 3D human generation pipeline will be useful for numerous applications; e.g. to generate training data for human pose estimation, in video games and in VR/AR. 
### 23.Detection of Face Recognition Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.02918.pdf)
>  Deep Learning methods have become state-of-the-art for solving tasks such as Face Recognition (FR). Unfortunately, despite their success, it has been pointed out that these learning models are exposed to adversarial inputs - images to which an imperceptible amount of noise for humans is added to maliciously fool a neural network - thus limiting their adoption in real-world applications. While it is true that an enormous effort has been spent in order to train robust models against this type of threat, adversarial detection techniques have recently started to draw attention within the scientific community. A detection approach has the advantage that it does not require to re-train any model, thus it can be added on top of any system. In this context, we present our work on adversarial samples detection in forensics mainly focused on detecting attacks against FR systems in which the learning model is typically used only as a features extractor. Thus, in these cases, train a more robust classifier might not be enough to defence a FR system. In this frame, the contribution of our work is four-fold: i) we tested our recently proposed adversarial detection approach against classifier attacks, i.e. adversarial samples crafted to fool a FR neural network acting as a classifier; ii) using a k-Nearest Neighbor (kNN) algorithm as a guidance, we generated deep features attacks against a FR system based on a DL model acting as features extractor, followed by a kNN which gives back the query identity based on features similarity; iii) we used the deep features attacks to fool a FR system on the 1:1 Face Verification task and we showed their superior effectiveness with respect to classifier attacks in fooling such type of system; iv) we used the detectors trained on classifier attacks to detect deep features attacks, thus showing that such approach is generalizable to different types of offensives. 
### 24.RED-NET: A Recursive Encoder-Decoder Network for Edge Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.02914.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce RED-NET: A Recursive Encoder-Decoder Network with Skip-Connections for edge detection in natural images. The proposed network is a novel integration of a Recursive Neural Network with an Encoder-Decoder architecture. The recursive network enables us to increase the network depth without increasing the number of parameters. Adding skip-connections between encoder and decoder helps the gradients reach all the layers of a network more easily and allows information related to finer details in the early stage of the encoder to be fully utilized in the decoder. Based on our extensive experiments on popular boundary detection datasets including BSDS500 \cite{Arbelaez2011}, NYUD \cite{Silberman2012} and Pascal Context \cite{Mottaghi2014}, RED-NET significantly advances the state-of-the-art on edge detection regarding standard evaluation metrics such as Optimal Dataset Scale (ODS) F-measure, Optimal Image Scale (OIS) F-measure, and Average Precision (AP). 
### 25.Deep learning with noisy labels: exploring techniques and remedies in medical image analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.02911.pdf)
>  Supervised training of deep learning models requires large labeled datasets. There is a growing interest in obtaining such datasets for medical image analysis applications. However, the impact of label noise has not received sufficient attention. Recent studies have shown that label noise can significantly impact the performance of deep learning models in many machine learning and computer vision applications. This is especially concerning for medical applications, where datasets are typically small, labeling requires domain expertise and suffers from high inter- and intra-observer variability, and erroneous predictions may influence decisions that directly impact human health. In this paper, we first review the state-of-the-art in handling label noise in deep learning. Then, we review studies that have dealt with label noise in deep learning for medical image analysis. Our review shows that recent progress on handling label noise in deep learning has gone largely unnoticed by the medical image analysis community. To help achieve a better understanding of the extent of the problem and its potential remedies, we conducted experiments with three medical imaging datasets with different types of label noise. Based on the results of these experiments and our review of the literature, we make recommendations on methods that can be used to alleviate the effects of different types of label noise on deep models trained for medical image analysis. We hope that this article helps the medical image analysis researchers and developers in choosing and devising new techniques that effectively handle label noise in deep learning. 
### 26.Why Having 10,000 Parameters in Your Camera Model is Better Than Twelve  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.02908.pdf)
>  Camera calibration is an essential first step in setting up 3D Computer Vision systems. Commonly used parametric camera models are limited to a few degrees of freedom and thus often do not optimally fit to complex real lens distortion. In contrast, generic camera models allow for very accurate calibration due to their flexibility. Despite this, they have seen little use in practice. In this paper, we argue that this should change. We propose a calibration pipeline for generic models that is fully automated, easy to use, and can act as a drop-in replacement for parametric calibration, with a focus on accuracy. We compare our results to parametric calibrations. Considering stereo depth estimation and camera pose estimation as examples, we show that the calibration error acts as a bias on the results. We thus argue that in contrast to current common practice, generic models should be preferred over parametric ones whenever possible. To facilitate this, we released our calibration pipeline at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/puzzlepaint/camera_calibration" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> , making both easy-to-use and accurate camera calibration available to everyone. 
### 27.An Accelerated Correlation Filter Tracker  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.02854.pdf)
>  Recent visual object tracking methods have witnessed a continuous improvement in the state-of-the-art with the development of efficient discriminative correlation filters (DCF) and robust deep neural network features. Despite the outstanding performance achieved by the above combination, existing advanced trackers suffer from the burden of high computational complexity of the deep feature extraction and online model learning. We propose an accelerated ADMM optimisation method obtained by adding a momentum to the optimisation sequence iterates, and by relaxing the impact of the error between DCF parameters and their norm. The proposed optimisation method is applied to an innovative formulation of the DCF design, which seeks the most discriminative spatially regularised feature channels. A further speed up is achieved by an adaptive initialisation of the filter optimisation process. The significantly increased convergence of the DCF filter is demonstrated by establishing the optimisation process equivalence with a continuous dynamical system for which the convergence properties can readily be derived. The experimental results obtained on several well-known benchmarking datasets demonstrate the efficiency and robustness of the proposed ACFT method, with a tracking accuracy comparable to the start-of-the-art trackers. 
### 28.Cross-Resolution Learning for Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.02851.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks have reached extremely high performances on the Face Recognition task. Largely used datasets, such as VGGFace2, focus on gender, pose and age variations trying to balance them to achieve better results. However, the fact that images have different resolutions is not usually discussed and resize to 256 pixels before cropping is used. While specific datasets for very low resolution faces have been proposed, less attention has been payed on the task of cross-resolution matching. Such scenarios are of particular interest for forensic and surveillance systems in which it usually happens that a low-resolution probe has to be matched with higher-resolution galleries. While it is always possible to either increase the resolution of the probe image or to reduce the size of the gallery images, to the best of our knowledge an extensive experimentation of cross-resolution matching was missing in the recent deep learning based literature. In the context of low- and cross-resolution Face Recognition, the contributions of our work are: i) we proposed a training method to fine-tune a state-of-the-art model in order to make it able to extract resolution-robust deep features; ii) we tested our models on the benchmark datasets IJB-B/C considering images at both full and low resolutions in order to show the effectiveness of the proposed training algorithm. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work testing extensively the performance of a FR model in a cross-resolution scenario; iii) we tested our models on the low resolution and low quality datasets QMUL-SurvFace and TinyFace and showed their superior performances, even though we did not train our model on low-resolution faces only and our main focus was cross-resolution; iv) we showed that our approach can be more effective with respect to preprocessing faces with super resolution techniques. 
### 29.Recent advances in deep learning applied to skin cancer detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03280.pdf)
>  Skin cancer is a major public health problem around the world. Its early detection is very important to increase patient prognostics. However, the lack of qualified professionals and medical instruments are significant issues in this field. In this context, over the past few years, deep learning models applied to automated skin cancer detection have become a trend. In this paper, we present an overview of the recent advances reported in this field as well as a discussion about the challenges and opportunities for improvement in the current models. In addition, we also present some important aspects regarding the use of these models in smartphones and indicate future directions we believe the field will take. 
### 30.Your Classifier is Secretly an Energy Based Model and You Should Treat it Like One  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03263.pdf)
>  We propose to reinterpret a standard discriminative classifier of p(y|x) as an energy based model for the joint distribution p(x,y). In this setting, the standard class probabilities can be easily computed as well as unnormalized values of p(x) and p(x|y). Within this framework, standard discriminative architectures may beused and the model can also be trained on unlabeled data. We demonstrate that energy based training of the joint distribution improves calibration, robustness, andout-of-distribution detection while also enabling our models to generate samplesrivaling the quality of recent GAN approaches. We improve upon recently proposed techniques for scaling up the training of energy based models and presentan approach which adds little overhead compared to standard classification training. Our approach is the first to achieve performance rivaling the state-of-the-artin both generative and discriminative learning within one hybrid model. 
### 31.Gaussian Process Priors for View-Aware Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03249.pdf)
>  We derive a principled framework for encoding prior knowledge of information coupling between views or camera poses (translation and orientation) of a single scene. While deep neural networks have become the prominent solution to many tasks in computer vision, some important problems not so well suited for deep models have received less attention. These include uncertainty quantification, auxiliary data fusion, and real-time processing, which are instrumental for delivering practical methods with robust inference. While these are central goals in probabilistic machine learning, there is a tangible gap between the theory and practice of applying probabilistic methods to many modern vision problems. For this, we derive a novel parametric kernel (covariance function) in the pose space, $\mathrm{SE}(3)$, that encodes information about input pose relationships into larger models. We show how this soft-prior knowledge can be applied to improve performance on several real vision tasks, such as feature tracking, human face encoding, and view synthesis. 
### 32.Benchmarking Image Sensors Under Adverse Weather Conditions for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03238.pdf)
>  Adverse weather conditions are very challenging for autonomous driving because most of the state-of-the-art sensors stop working reliably under these conditions. In order to develop robust sensors and algorithms, tests with current sensors in defined weather conditions are crucial for determining the impact of bad weather for each sensor. This work describes a testing and evaluation methodology that helps to benchmark novel sensor technologies and compare them to state-of-the-art sensors. As an example, gated imaging is compared to standard imaging under foggy conditions. It is shown that gated imaging outperforms state-of-the-art standard passive imaging due to time-synchronized active illumination. 
### 33.Self-Supervised Visual Terrain Classification from Unsupervised Acoustic Feature Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03227.pdf)
>  Mobile robots operating in unknown urban environments encounter a wide range of complex terrains to which they must adapt their planned trajectory for safe and efficient navigation. Most existing approaches utilize supervised learning to classify terrains from either an exteroceptive or a proprioceptive sensor modality. However, this requires a tremendous amount of manual labeling effort for each newly encountered terrain as well as for variations of terrains caused by changing environmental conditions. In this work, we propose a novel terrain classification framework leveraging an unsupervised proprioceptive classifier that learns from vehicle-terrain interaction sounds to self-supervise an exteroceptive classifier for pixel-wise semantic segmentation of images. To this end, we first learn a discriminative embedding space for vehicle-terrain interaction sounds from triplets of audio clips formed using visual features of the corresponding terrain patches and cluster the resulting embeddings. We subsequently use these clusters to label the visual terrain patches by projecting the traversed tracks of the robot into the camera images. Finally, we use the sparsely labeled images to train our semantic segmentation network in a weakly supervised manner. We present extensive quantitative and qualitative results that demonstrate that our proprioceptive terrain classifier exceeds the state-of-the-art among unsupervised methods and our self-supervised exteroceptive semantic segmentation model achieves a comparable performance to supervised learning with manually labeled data. 
### 34.Tree bark re-identification using a deep-learning feature descriptor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03221.pdf)
>  The ability to visually re-identify objects is a fundamental capability in vision systems. Oftentimes, it relies on collections of visual signatures based on descriptors, such as Scale Invariant Feature Transform (SIFT) or Speeded Up Robust Features (SURF). However, these traditional descriptors were designed for a certain domain of surface appearances and geometries (limited relief). Consequently, highly-textured surfaces such as tree bark pose a challenge to them. In turns, this makes it more difficult to use trees as identifiable landmarks for navigational purposes (robotics) or to track felled lumber along a supply chain (logistics). We thus propose to use data-driven descriptors trained on bark images for tree surface re-identification. To this effect, we collected a large dataset containing 2,400 bark images with strong illumination changes, annotated by surface and with the ability to pixel-align them. We used this dataset to sample from more than 2 million 64x64 pixel patches to train our novel local descriptors DeepBark and SqueezeBark. Our DeepBark method has shown a clear advantage against the hand-crafted descriptors SIFT and SURF. Furthermore, we demonstrated that DeepBark can reach a Precision@1 of 99.8% in a database of 7,900 images with only 11 relevant images. Our work thus suggests that re-identifying tree surfaces in a challenging context is possible, while making public a new dataset. 
### 35.A Neural Spiking Approach Compared to Deep Feedforward Networks on Stepwise Pixel Erasement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03201.pdf)
>  In real world scenarios, objects are often partially occluded. This requires a robustness for object recognition against these perturbations. Convolutional networks have shown good performances in classification tasks. The learned convolutional filters seem similar to receptive fields of simple cells found in the primary visual cortex. Alternatively, spiking neural networks are more biological plausible. We developed a two layer spiking network, trained on natural scenes with a biologically plausible learning rule. It is compared to two deep convolutional neural networks using a classification task of stepwise pixel erasement on MNIST. In comparison to these networks the spiking approach achieves good accuracy and robustness. 
### 36.Achieving Robustness in the Wild via Adversarial Mixing with Disentangled Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03192.pdf)
>  Recent research has made the surprising finding that state-of-the-art deep learning models sometimes fail to generalize to small variations of the input. Adversarial training has been shown to be an effective approach to overcome this problem. However, its application has been limited to enforcing invariance to analytically defined transformations like $\ell_p$-norm bounded perturbations. Such perturbations do not necessarily cover plausible real-world variations that preserve the semantics of the input (such as a change in lighting conditions). In this paper, we propose a novel approach to express and formalize robustness to these kinds of real-world transformations of the input. The two key ideas underlying our formulation are (1) leveraging disentangled representations of the input to define different factors of variations, and (2) generating new input images by adversarially composing the representations of different images. We use a StyleGAN model to demonstrate the efficacy of this framework. Specifically, we leverage the disentangled latent representations computed by a StyleGAN model to generate perturbations of an image that are similar to real-world variations (like adding make-up, or changing the skin-tone of a person) and train models to be invariant to these perturbations. Extensive experiments show that our method improves generalization and reduces the effect of spurious correlations. 
### 37.NASNet: A Neuron Attention Stage-by-Stage Net for Single Image Deraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03151.pdf)
>  Images captured under complicated rain conditions often suffer from noticeable degradation of visibility. The rain models generally introduce diversity visibility degradation, which includes rain streak, rain drop as well as rain mist. Numerous existing single image deraining methods focus on the only one type rain model, which does not have strong generalization ability. In this paper, we propose a novel end-to-end Neuron Attention Stage-by-Stage Net (NASNet), which can solve all types of rain model tasks efficiently. For one thing, we pay more attention on the Neuron relationship and propose a lightweight Neuron Attention (NA) architectural mechanism. It can adaptively recalibrate neuron-wise feature responses by modelling interdependencies and mutual influence between neurons. Our NA architecture consists of Depthwise Conv and Pointwise Conv, which has slight computation cost and higher performance than SE block by our contrasted experiments. For another, we propose a stage-by-stage unified pattern network architecture, the stage-by-stage strategy guides the later stage by incorporating the useful information in previous stage. We concatenate and fuse stage-level information dynamically by NA module. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed NASNet significantly outperforms the state-of-theart methods by a large margin in terms of both quantitative and qualitative measures on all six public large-scale datasets for three rain model tasks. 
### 38.Why Should we Combine Training and Post-Training Methods for Out-of-Distribution Detection?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03133.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are known to achieve superior results in classification tasks. However, it has been recently shown that they are incapable to detect examples that are generated by a distribution which is different than the one they have been trained on since they are making overconfident prediction for Out-Of-Distribution (OOD) examples. OOD detection has attracted a lot of attention recently. In this paper, we review some of the most seminal recent algorithms in the OOD detection field, we divide those methods into training and post-training and we experimentally show how the combination of the former with the latter can achieve state-of-the-art results in the OOD detection task. 
### 39.Performing Arithmetic Using a Neural Network Trained on Digit Permutation Pairs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.03035.pdf)
>  In this paper a neural network is trained to perform simple arithmetic using images of concatenated handwritten digit pairs. A convolutional neural network was trained with images consisting of two side-by-side handwritten digits, where the image's label is the summation of the two digits contained in the combined image. Crucially, the network was tested on permutation pairs that were not present during training in an effort to see if the network could learn the task of addition, as opposed to simply mapping images to labels. A dataset was generated for all possible permutation pairs of length 2 for the digits 0-9 using MNIST as a basis for the images, with one thousand samples generated for each permutation pair. For testing the network, samples generated from previously unseen permutation pairs were fed into the trained network, and its predictions measured. Results were encouraging, with the network achieving an accuracy of over 90% on some permutation train/test splits. This suggests that the network learned at first digit recognition, and subsequently the further task of addition based on the two recognised digits. As far as the authors are aware, no previous work has concentrated on learning a mathematical operation in this way. 
### 40.Generating Patient-like Phantoms Using Fully Unsupervised Deformable Image Registration with Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.02942.pdf)
>  The use of Convolutional neural networks (ConvNets) in medical imaging research has become widespread in recent years. However, a major drawback of these methods is that they require a large number of annotated training images. Data augmentation has been proposed to alleviate this. One data augmentation strategy is to apply random deformation to existing image data, but the deformed images often will not follow exhibit realistic shape or intensity patterns. In this paper, we present a novel, ConvNet based image registration method for creating patient-like digital phantoms from the existing computerized phantoms. Unlike existing learning-based registration techniques, for which the performance predominantly depends on the domain-specific training images, the proposed method is fully unsupervised, meaning that it optimizes an objective function independently of training data for a given image pair. While classical methods registration also do not require training data, they work in lower-dimensional parameter space; the proposed approach operates directly in the high-dimensional parameter space without any training beforehand. In this paper, we show that the resulting deformed phantom competently matches the anatomy model of a real human while providing the "gold-standard" for the anatomies. Combined with simulation programs, the generated phantoms could potentially serve as a data augmentation tool in today's deep learning studies. 
### 41.A Comparative Analysis of Virtual Reality Head-Mounted Display Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.02913.pdf)
>  With recent advances of Virtual Reality (VR) technology, the deployment of such will dramatically increase in non-entertainment environments, such as professional education and training, manufacturing, service, or low frequency/high risk scenarios. Clinical education is an area that especially stands to benefit from VR technology due to the complexity, high cost, and difficult logistics. The effectiveness of the deployment of VR systems, is subject to factors that may not be necessarily considered for devices targeting the entertainment market. In this work, we systematically compare a wide range of VR Head-Mounted Displays (HMDs) technologies and designs by defining a new set of metrics that are 1) relevant to most generic VR solutions and 2) are of paramount importance for VR-based education and training. We evaluated ten HMDs based on various criteria, including neck strain, heat development, and color accuracy. Other metrics such as text readability, comfort, and contrast perception were evaluated in a multi-user study on three selected HMDs, namely Oculus Rift S, HTC Vive Pro and Samsung Odyssey+. Results indicate that the HTC Vive Pro performs best with regards to comfort, display quality and compatibility with glasses. 
### 42.Diagnostic Image Quality Assessment and Classification in Medical Imaging: Opportunities and Challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.02907.pdf)
>  Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) suffers from several artifacts, the most common of which are motion artifacts. These artifacts often yield images that are of non-diagnostic quality. To detect such artifacts, images are prospectively evaluated by experts for their diagnostic quality, which necessitates patient-revisits and rescans whenever non-diagnostic quality scans are encountered. This motivates the need to develop an automated framework capable of accessing medical image quality and detecting diagnostic and non-diagnostic images. In this paper, we explore several convolutional neural network-based frameworks for medical image quality assessment and investigate several challenges therein. 
### 43.Learning Super-resolved Depth from Active Gated Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.02889.pdf)
>  Environment perception for autonomous driving is doomed by the trade-off between range-accuracy and resolution: current sensors that deliver very precise depth information are usually restricted to low resolution because of technology or cost limitations. In this work, we exploit depth information from an active gated imaging system based on cost-sensitive diode and CMOS technology. Learning a mapping between pixel intensities of three gated slices and depth produces a super-resolved depth map image with respectable relative accuracy of 5% in between 25-80 m. By design, depth information is perfectly aligned with pixel intensity values. 
### 44.Classifying Diagrams and Their Parts using Graph Neural Networks: A Comparison of Crowd-Sourced and Expert Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.02866.pdf)
>  This article compares two multimodal resources that consist of diagrams which describe topics in elementary school natural sciences. Both resources contain the same diagrams and represent their structure using graphs, but differ in terms of their annotation schema and how the annotations have been created - depending on the resource in question - either by crowd-sourced workers or trained experts. This article reports on two experiments that evaluate how effectively crowd-sourced and expert-annotated graphs can represent the multimodal structure of diagrams for representation learning using various graph neural networks. The results show that the identity of diagram elements can be learned from their layout features, while the expert annotations provide better representations of diagram types. 
### 45.Exposing Fake Images with Forensic Similarity Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.02861.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose new image forgery detection and localization algorithms by recasting these problems as graph-based community detection problems. We define localized image tampering as any locally applied manipulation, including splicing and airbrushing, but not globally applied processes such as compression, whole-image resizing or contrast enhancement, etc. To show this, we propose an abstract, graph-based representation of an image, which we call the Forensic Similarity Graph. In this representation, small image patches are represented by graph vertices, and edges that connect pairs of vertices are assigned according to the forensic similarity between patches. Localized tampering introduces unique structure into this graph, which align with a concept called "communities" in graph-theory literature. A community is a subset of vertices that contain densely connected edges within the community, and relatively sparse edges to other communities. In the Forensic Similarity Graph, communities correspond to the tampered and unaltered regions in the image. As a result, forgery detection is performed by identifying whether multiple communities exist, and forgery localization is performed by partitioning these communities. In this paper, we additionally propose two community detection techniques, adapted from literature, to detect and localize image forgeries. We experimentally show that our proposed community detection methods outperform existing state-of-the-art forgery detection and localization methods. 
