# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 24 Dec 2019
### 1.CNN-generated images are surprisingly easy to spot... for now  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.11035.pdf)
>  In this work we ask whether it is possible to create a "universal" detector for telling apart real images from these generated by a CNN, regardless of architecture or dataset used. To test this, we collect a dataset consisting of fake images generated by 11 different CNN-based image generator models, chosen to span the space of commonly used architectures today (ProGAN, StyleGAN, BigGAN, CycleGAN, StarGAN, GauGAN, DeepFakes, cascaded refinement networks, implicit maximum likelihood estimation, second-order attention super-resolution, seeing-in-the-dark). We demonstrate that, with careful pre- and post-processing and data augmentation, a standard image classifier trained on only one specific CNN generator (ProGAN) is able to generalize surprisingly well to unseen architectures, datasets, and training methods (including the just released StyleGAN2). Our findings suggest the intriguing possibility that today's CNN-generated images share some common systematic flaws, preventing them from achieving realistic image synthesis. 
### 2.DMCL: Distillation Multiple Choice Learning for Multimodal Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10982.pdf)
>  In this work, we address the problem of learning an ensemble of specialist networks using multimodal data, while considering the realistic and challenging scenario of possible missing modalities at test time. Our goal is to leverage the complementary information of multiple modalities to the benefit of the ensemble and each individual network. We introduce a novel Distillation Multiple Choice Learning framework for multimodal data, where different modality networks learn in a cooperative setting from scratch, strengthening one another. The modality networks learned using our method achieve significantly higher accuracy than if trained separately, due to the guidance of other modalities. We evaluate this approach on three video action recognition benchmark datasets. We obtain state-of-the-art results in comparison to other approaches that work with missing modalities at test time. 
### 3.Image Outpainting and Harmonization using Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10960.pdf)
>  Although the inherently ambiguous task of predicting what resides beyond all four edges of an image has rarely been explored before, we demonstrate that GANs hold powerful potential in producing reasonable extrapolations. Two outpainting methods are proposed that aim to instigate this line of research: the first approach uses a context encoder inspired by common inpainting architectures and paradigms, while the second approach adds an extra post-processing step using a single-image generative model. This way, the hallucinated details are integrated with the style of the original image, in an attempt to further boost the quality of the result and possibly allow for arbitrary output resolutions to be supported. 
### 4.Progressive DARTS: Bridging the Optimization Gap for NAS in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10952.pdf)
>  With the rapid development of neural architecture search (NAS), researchers found powerful network architectures for a wide range of vision tasks. However, it remains unclear if the searched architecture can transfer across different types of tasks as manually designed ones did. This paper puts forward this problem, referred to as NAS in the wild, which explores the possibility of finding the optimal architecture in a proxy dataset and then deploying it to mostly unseen scenarios. <br>We instantiate this setting using a currently popular algorithm named differentiable architecture search (DARTS), which often suffers unsatisfying performance while being transferred across different tasks. We argue that the accuracy drop originates from the formulation that uses a super-network for search but a sub-network for re-training. The different properties of these stages have resulted in a significant optimization gap, and consequently, the architectural parameters "over-fit" the super-network. To alleviate the gap, we present a progressive method that gradually increases the network depth during the search stage, which leads to the Progressive DARTS (P-DARTS) algorithm. With a reduced search cost (7 hours on a single GPU), P-DARTS achieves improved performance on both the proxy dataset (CIFAR10) and a few target problems (ImageNet classification, COCO detection and three ReID benchmarks). Our code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/chenxin061/pdarts" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
### 5.PSNet: Parametric Sigmoid Norm Based CNN for Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10946.pdf)
>  The Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) have become very popular recently due to its outstanding performance in various computer vision applications. It is also used over widely studied face recognition problem. However, the existing layers of CNN are unable to cope with the problem of hard examples which generally produce lower class scores. Thus, the existing methods become biased towards the easy examples. In this paper, we resolve this problem by incorporating a Parametric Sigmoid Norm (PSN) layer just before the final fully-connected layer. We propose a PSNet CNN model by using the PSN layer. The PSN layer facilitates high gradient flow for harder examples as compared to easy examples. Thus, it forces the network to learn the visual characteristics of hard examples. We conduct the face recognition experiments to test the performance of PSN layer. The suitability of the PSN layer with different loss functions is also experimented. The widely used Labeled Faces in the Wild (LFW) and YouTube Faces (YTF) datasets are used in the experiments. The experimental results confirm the relevance of the proposed PSN layer. 
### 6.RPGAN: GANs Interpretability via Random Routing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10920.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce Random Path Generative Adversarial Network (RPGAN) -- an alternative design of GANs that can serve as a tool for generative model analysis. While the latent space of a typical GAN consists of input vectors, randomly sampled from the standard Gaussian distribution, the latent space of RPGAN consists of random paths in a generator network. As we show, this design allows to understand factors of variation, captured by different generator layers, providing their natural interpretability. With experiments on standard benchmarks, we demonstrate that RPGAN reveals several interesting insights about the roles that different layers play in the image generation process. Aside from interpretability, the RPGAN model also provides competitive generation quality and allows efficient incremental learning on new data. 
### 7.FasterSeg: Searching for Faster Real-time Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10917.pdf)
>  We present FasterSeg, an automatically designed semantic segmentation network with not only state-of-the-art performance but also faster speed than current methods. Utilizing neural architecture search (NAS), FasterSeg is discovered from a novel and broader search space integrating multi-resolution branches, that has been recently found to be vital in manually designed segmentation models. To better calibrate the balance between the goals of high accuracy and low latency, we propose a decoupled and fine-grained latency regularization, that effectively overcomes our observed phenomenons that the searched networks are prone to "collapsing" to low-latency yet poor-accuracy models. Moreover, we seamlessly extend FasterSeg to a new collaborative search (co-searching) framework, simultaneously searching for a teacher and a student network in the same single run. The teacher-student distillation further boosts the student model's accuracy. Experiments on popular segmentation benchmarks demonstrate the competency of FasterSeg. For example, FasterSeg can run over 30% faster than the closest manually designed competitor on Cityscapes, while maintaining comparable accuracy. 
### 8.Analysis of the hands in egocentric vision: A survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10867.pdf)
>  Egocentric vision (a.k.a. first-person vision - FPV) applications have thrived over the past few years, thanks to the availability of affordable wearable cameras and large annotated datasets. The position of the wearable camera (usually mounted on the head) allows recording exactly what the camera wearers have in front of them, in particular hands and manipulated objects. This intrinsic advantage enables the study of the hands from multiple perspectives: localizing hands and their parts within the images; understanding what actions and activities the hands are involved in; and developing human-computer interfaces that rely on hand gestures. In this survey, we review the literature that focuses on the hands using egocentric vision, categorizing the existing approaches into: localization (where are the hands or part of them?); interpretation (what are the hands doing?); and application (e.g., systems that used egocentric hand cues for solving a specific problem). Moreover, a list of the most prominent datasets with hand-based annotations is provided. 
### 9.DeepHashing using TripletLoss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10822.pdf)
>  Hashing is one of the most efficient techniques for approximate nearest neighbour search for large scale image retrieval. Most of the techniques are based on hand-engineered features and do not give optimal results all the time. Deep Convolutional Neural Networks have proven to generate very effective representation of images that are used for various computer vision tasks and inspired by this there have been several Deep Hashing models like Wang et al. (2016) have been proposed. These models train on the triplet loss function which can be used to train models with superior representation capabilities. Taking the latest advancements in training using the triplet loss I propose new techniques that help the Deep Hash-ing models train more faster and efficiently. Experiment result1show that using the more efficient techniques for training on the triplet loss, we have obtained a 5%percent improvement in our model compared to the original work of Wang et al.(2016). Using a larger model and more training data we can drastically improve the performance using the techniques we propose 
### 10.Minimal Solutions for Relative Pose with a Single Affine Correspondence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10776.pdf)
>  In this paper we present four cases of minimal solutions for two-view relative pose estimation by exploiting the affine transformation between feature points and we demonstrate efficient solvers for these cases. It is shown, that under the planar motion assumption or with knowledge of a vertical direction, a single affine correspondence is sufficient to recover the relative camera pose. The four cases considered are two-view planar relative motion for calibrated cameras as a closed-form and a least-squares solution, a closed-form solution for unknown focal length and the case of a known vertical direction. These algorithms can be used efficiently for outlier detection within a RANSAC loop and for initial motion estimation. All the methods are evaluated on both synthetic data and real-world datasets from the KITTI benchmark. The experimental results demonstrate that our methods outperform comparable state-of-the-art methods in accuracy with the benefit of a reduced number of needed RANSAC iterations. 
### 11.Point2Node: Correlation Learning of Dynamic-Node for Point Cloud Feature Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10775.pdf)
>  Fully exploring correlation among points in point clouds is essential for their feature modeling. This paper presents a novel end-to-end graph model, named Point2Node, to represent a given point cloud. Point2Node can dynamically explore correlation among all graph nodes from different levels, and adaptively aggregate the learned features. Specifically, first, to fully explore the spatial correlation among points for enhanced feature description, in a high-dimensional node graph, we dynamically integrate the node's correlation with self, local, and non-local nodes. Second, to more effectively integrate learned features, we design a data-aware gate mechanism to self-adaptively aggregate features at the channel level. Extensive experiments on various point cloud benchmarks demonstrate that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art. 
### 12.2DR1-PCA and 2DL1-PCA: two variant 2DPCA algorithms based on none L2 norm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10768.pdf)
>  In this paper, two novel methods: 2DR1-PCA and 2DL1-PCA are proposed for face recognition. Compared to the traditional 2DPCA algorithm, 2DR1-PCA and 2DL1-PCA are based on the R1 norm and L1 norm, respectively. The advantage of these proposed methods is they are less sensitive to outliers. These proposed methods are tested on the ORL, YALE and XM2VTS databases and the performance of the related methods is compared experimentally. 
### 13.The Five Elements of Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10739.pdf)
>  In this work we propose five concrete steps to improve the performance of optical flow algorithms. We carefully reviewed recently introduced innovations and well-established techniques in deep learning-based flow methods including i) pyramidal feature representations, ii) flow-based consistency checks, iii) cost volume construction practices or iv) distillation, and present extensions or alternatives to inhibiting factors we identified therein. We also show how changing the way gradients propagate in modern flow networks can lead to surprising boosts in performance. Finally, we contribute a novel feature that adaptively guides the learning process towards improving on under-performing flow predictions. Our findings are conceptually simple and easy to implement, yet result in compelling improvements on relevant error measures that we demonstrate via exhaustive ablations on datasets like Flying Chairs2, Flying Things, Sintel and KITTI. We establish new state-of-the-art results on the challenging Sintel and Kitti 2015 test datasets, and even show the portability of our findings to different optical flow and depth from stereo approaches. 
### 14.A Robust Non-Linear and Feature-Selection Image Fusion Theory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10738.pdf)
>  The human visual perception system has strong robustness in image fusion. This robustness is based on human visual perception system's characteristics of feature selection and non-linear fusion of different features. In order to simulate the human visual perception mechanism in image fusion tasks, we propose a multi-source image fusion framework that combines illuminance factors and attention mechanisms. The framework effectively combines traditional image features and modern deep learning features. First, we perform multi-scale decomposition of multi-source images. Then, the visual saliency map and the deep feature map are combined with the illuminance fusion factor to perform high-low frequency nonlinear fusion. Secondly, the characteristics of high and low frequency fusion are selected through the channel attention network to obtain the final fusion map. By simulating the nonlinear characteristics and selection characteristics of the human visual perception system in image fusion, the fused image is more in line with the human visual perception mechanism. Finally, we validate our fusion framework on public datasets of infrared and visible images, medical images and multi-focus images. The experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our fusion framework over state-of-arts in visual quality, objective fusion metrics and robustness. 
### 15.Extracting urban water by combining deep learning and Google Earth Engine  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10726.pdf)
>  Urban water is important for the urban ecosystem. Accurate and efficient detection of urban water with remote sensing data is of great significance for urban management and planning. In this paper, we proposed a new method to combine Google Earth Engine (GEE) with multiscale convolutional neural network (MSCNN) to extract urban water from Landsat images, which is summarized as offline training and online prediction (OTOP). That is, the training of MSCNN was completed offline, and the process of urban water extraction was implemented on GEE with the trained parameters of MSCNN. The OTOP can give full play to the respective advantages of GEE and CNN, and make the use of deep learning method on GEE more flexible. It can process available satellite images with high performance without data download and storage, and the overall performance of urban water extraction is also higher than that of the modified normalized difference water index (MNDWI) and random forest. The mean kappa, F1-score and intersection over union (IoU) of urban water extraction with the OTOP in Changchun, Wuhan, Kunming and Guangzhou reached 0.924, 0.930 and 0.869, respectively. The results of the extended validation in the other major cities of China also show that the OTOP is robust and can be used to extract different types of urban water, which benefits from the structural design and training of the MSCNN. Therefore, the OTOP is especially suitable for the study of large-scale and long-term urban water change detection in the background of urbanization. 
### 16.Cross-Modal Image Fusion Theory Guided by Subjective Visual Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10718.pdf)
>  The human visual perception system has very strong robustness and contextual awareness in a variety of image processing tasks. This robustness and the perception ability of contextual awareness is closely related to the characteristics of multi-task auxiliary learning and subjective attention of the human visual perception system. In order to improve the robustness and contextual awareness of image fusion tasks, we proposed a multi-task auxiliary learning image fusion theory guided by subjective attention. The image fusion theory effectively unifies the subjective task intention and prior knowledge of human brain. In order to achieve our proposed image fusion theory, we first analyze the mechanism of multi-task auxiliary learning, build a multi-task auxiliary learning network. Secondly, based on the human visual attention perception mechanism, we introduce the human visual attention network guided by subjective tasks on the basis of the multi-task auxiliary learning network. The subjective intention is introduced by the subjective attention task model, so that the network can fuse images according to the subjective intention. Finally, in order to verify the superiority of our image fusion theory, we carried out experiments on the combined vision system image data set, and the infrared and visible image data set for experimental verification. The experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our fusion theory over state-of-arts in contextual awareness and robustness. 
### 17.Oriented Objects as pairs of Middle Lines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10694.pdf)
>  The detection of oriented objects is frequently appeared in the field of natural scene text detection as well as object detection in aerial images. Traditional detectors for oriented objects are common to rotate anchors on the basis of the RCNN frameworks, which will multiple the number of anchors with a variety of angles, coupled with rotating NMS algorithm, the computational complexities of these models are greatly increased. In this paper, we propose a novel model named Oriented Objects Detection Network O^2-DNet to detect oriented objects by predicting a pair of middle lines inside each target. O^2-DNet is an one-stage, anchor-free and NMS-free model. The target line segments of our model are defined as two corresponding middle lines of original rotating bounding box annotations which can be transformed directly instead of additional manual tagging. Experiments show that our O^2-DNet achieves excellent performance on ICDAR 2015 and DOTA datasets. It is noteworthy that the objects in COCO can be regard as a special form of oriented objects with an angle of 90 degrees. O^2-DNet can still achieve competitive results in these general natural object detection datasets. 
### 18.5D Light Field Synthesis from a Monocular Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10687.pdf)
>  Commercially available light field cameras have difficulty in capturing 5D (4D + time) light field videos. They can only capture still light filed images or are excessively expensive for normal users to capture the light field video. To tackle this problem, we propose a deep learning-based method for synthesizing a light field video from a monocular video. We propose a new synthetic light field video dataset that renders photorealistic scenes using UnrealCV rendering engine because no light field dataset is available. The proposed deep learning framework synthesizes the light field video with a full set (9$\times$9) of sub-aperture images from a normal monocular video. The proposed network consists of three sub-networks, namely, feature extraction, 5D light field video synthesis, and temporal consistency refinement. Experimental results show that our model can successfully synthesize the light field video for synthetic and actual scenes and outperforms the previous frame-by-frame methods quantitatively and qualitatively. The synthesized light field can be used for conventional light field applications, namely, depth estimation, viewpoint change, and refocusing. 
### 19.Generalizing Deep Models for Overhead Image Segmentation Through Getis-Ord Gi* Pooling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10667.pdf)
>  That most deep learning models are purely data driven is both a strength and a weakness. Given sufficient training data, the optimal model for a particular problem can be learned. However, this is usually not the case and so instead the model is either learned from scratch from a limited amount of training data or pre-trained on a different problem and then fine-tuned. Both of these situations are potentially suboptimal and limit the generalizability of the model. Inspired by this, we investigate methods to inform or guide deep learning models for geospatial image analysis to increase their performance when a limited amount of training data is available or when they are applied to scenarios other than which they were trained on. In particular, we exploit the fact that there are certain fundamental rules as to how things are distributed on the surface of the Earth and these rules do not vary substantially between locations. Based on this, we develop a novel feature pooling method for convolutional neural networks using Getis-Ord Gi* analysis from geostatistics. Experimental results show our proposed pooling function has significantly better generalization performance compared to a standard data-driven approach when applied to overhead image segmentation. 
### 20.Scale Match for Tiny Person Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10664.pdf)
>  Visual object detection has achieved unprecedented ad-vance with the rise of deep convolutional neural networks.However, detecting tiny objects (for example tiny per-sons less than 20 pixels) in large-scale images remainsnot well investigated. The extremely small objects raisea grand challenge about feature representation while themassive and complex backgrounds aggregate the risk offalse alarms. In this paper, we introduce a new benchmark,referred to as TinyPerson, opening up a promising directionfor tiny object detection in a long distance and with mas-sive backgrounds. We experimentally find that the scale mis-match between the dataset for network pre-training and thedataset for detector learning could deteriorate the featurerepresentation and the detectors. Accordingly, we proposea simple yet effective Scale Match approach to align theobject scales between the two datasets for favorable tiny-object representation. Experiments show the significantperformance gain of our proposed approach over state-of-the-art detectors, and the challenging aspects of TinyPersonrelated to real-world scenarios. The TinyPerson benchmarkand the code for our approach will be publicly available(<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ucas-vg/TinyBenchmark).(Attention:" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> evaluation rules of AP have updated in benchmark after this paper accepted, So this paper use old rules. we will keep old rules of AP in benchmark, but we recommand the new and we will use the new in latter research.) 
### 21.Graph-Based Parallel Large Scale Structure from Motion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10659.pdf)
>  While Structure from Motion (SfM) achieves great success in 3D reconstruction, it still meets challenges on large scale scenes. In this work, large scale SfM is deemed as a graph problem, and we tackle it in a divide-and-conquer manner. Firstly, the images clustering algorithm divides images into clusters with strong connectivity, leading to robust local reconstructions. Then followed with an image expansion step, the connection and completeness of scenes are enhanced by expanding along with a maximum spanning tree. After local reconstructions, we construct a minimum spanning tree (MinST) to find accurate similarity transformations. Then the MinST is transformed into a Minimum Height Tree (MHT) to find a proper anchor node and is further utilized to prevent error accumulation. When evaluated on different kinds of datasets, our approach shows superiority over the state-of-the-art in accuracy and efficiency. Our algorithm is open-sourced at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/AIBluefisher/GraphSfM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 22.A Compared Study Between Some Subspace Based Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10657.pdf)
>  The technology of face recognition has made some progress in recent years. After studying the PCA, 2DPCA, R1-PCA, L1-PCA, KPCA and KECA algorithms, in this paper ECA (2DECA) is proposed by extracting features in PCA (2DPCA) based on Renyi entropy contribution. And then we conduct a study on the 2DL1-PCA and 2DR1-PCA algorithms. On the basis of the experiments, this paper compares the difference of the recognition accuracy and operational efficiency between the above algorithms. 
### 23.Geometry Sharing Network for 3D Point Cloud Classification and Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10644.pdf)
>  In spite of the recent progresses on classifying 3D point cloud with deep CNNs, large geometric transformations like rotation and translation remain challenging problem and harm the final classification performance. To address this challenge, we propose Geometry Sharing Network (GS-Net) which effectively learns point descriptors with holistic context to enhance the robustness to geometric transformations. Compared with previous 3D point CNNs which perform convolution on nearby points, GS-Net can aggregate point features in a more global way. Specially, GS-Net consists of Geometry Similarity Connection (GSC) modules which exploit Eigen-Graph to group distant points with similar and relevant geometric information, and aggregate features from nearest neighbors in both Euclidean space and Eigenvalue space. This design allows GS-Net to efficiently capture both local and holistic geometric features such as symmetry, curvature, convexity and connectivity. Theoretically, we show the nearest neighbors of each point in Eigenvalue space are invariant to rotation and translation. We conduct extensive experiments on public datasets, ModelNet40, ShapeNet Part. Experiments demonstrate that GS-Net achieves the state-of-the-art performances on major datasets, 93.3% on ModelNet40, and are more robust to geometric transformations. 
### 24.Neural Outlier Rejection for Self-Supervised Keypoint Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10615.pdf)
>  Identifying salient points in images is a crucial component for visual odometry, Structure-from-Motion or SLAM algorithms. Recently, several learned keypoint methods have demonstrated compelling performance on challenging benchmarks. However, generating consistent and accurate training data for interest-point detection in natural images still remains challenging, especially for human annotators. We introduce IO-Net (i.e. InlierOutlierNet), a novel proxy task for the self-supervision of keypoint detection, description and matching. By making the sampling of inlier-outlier sets from point-pair correspondences fully differentiable within the keypoint learning framework, we show that are able to simultaneously self-supervise keypoint description and improve keypoint matching. Second, we introduce KeyPointNet, a keypoint-network architecture that is especially amenable to robust keypoint detection and description. We design the network to allow local keypoint aggregation to avoid artifacts due to spatial discretizations commonly used for this task, and we improve fine-grained keypoint descriptor performance by taking advantage of efficient sub-pixel convolutions to upsample the descriptor feature-maps to a higher operating resolution. Through extensive experiments and ablative analysis, we show that the proposed self-supervised keypoint learning method greatly improves the quality of feature matching and homography estimation on challenging benchmarks over the state-of-the-art. 
### 25.One-Shot Imitation Filming of Human Motion Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10609.pdf)
>  Imitation learning has been applied to mimic the operation of a human cameraman in several autonomous cinematography systems. To imitate different filming styles, existing methods train multiple models, where each model handles a particular style and requires a significant number of training samples. As a result, existing methods can hardly generalize to unseen styles. In this paper, we propose a framework, which can imitate a filming style by "seeing" only a single demonstration video of the same style, i.e., one-shot imitation filming. This is done by two key enabling techniques: 1) feature extraction of the filming style from the demo video, and 2) filming style transfer from the demo video to the new situation. We implement the approach with deep neural network and deploy it to a 6 degrees of freedom (DOF) real drone cinematography system by first predicting the future camera motions, and then converting them to the drone's control commands via an odometer. Our experimental results on extensive datasets and showcases exhibit significant improvements in our approach over conventional baselines and our approach can successfully mimic the footage with an unseen style. 
### 26.Front2Back: Single View 3D Shape Reconstruction via Front to Back Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10589.pdf)
>  Reconstruction of a 3D shape from a single 2D image is a classical computer vision problem, whose difficulty stems from the inherent ambiguity of recovering occluded or only partially observed surfaces. Recent methods address this challenge through the use of largely unstructured neural networks that effectively distill conditional mapping and priors over 3D shape. In this work, we induce structure and geometric constraints by leveraging three core observations: (1) the surface of most everyday objects is often almost entirely exposed from pairs of typical opposite views; (2) everyday objects often exhibit global reflective symmetries which can be accurately predicted from single views; (3) opposite orthographic views of a 3D shape share consistent silhouettes. Following these observations, we first predict orthographic 2.5D visible surface maps (depth, normal and silhouette) from perspective 2D images, and detect global reflective symmetries in this data; second, we predict the back facing depth and normal maps using as input the front maps and, when available, the symmetric reflections of these maps; and finally, we reconstruct a 3D mesh from the union of these maps using a surface reconstruction method best suited for this data. Our experiments demonstrate that our framework outperforms state-of-the art approaches for 3D shape reconstructions from 2D and 2.5D data in terms of input fidelity and details preservation. Specifically, we achieve 12% better performance on average in ShapeNet benchmark dataset, and up to 19% for certain classes of objects (e.g., chairs and vessels). 
### 27.Learning to Generate Dense Point Clouds with Textures on Multiple Categories  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10545.pdf)
>  3D reconstruction from images is a core problem in computer vision. With recent advances in deep learning, it has become possible to recover plausible 3D shapes even from single RGB images for the first time. However, obtaining detailed geometry and texture for objects with arbitrary topology remains challenging. In this paper, we propose a novel approach for reconstructing point clouds from RGB images. Unlike other methods, we can recover dense point clouds with hundreds of thousands of points, and we also include RGB textures. In addition, we train our model on multiple categories which leads to superior generalization to unseen categories compared to previous techniques. We achieve this using a two-stage approach, where we first infer an object coordinate map from the input RGB image, and then obtain the final point cloud using a reprojection and completion step. We show results on standard benchmarks that demonstrate the advantages of our technique. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TaoHuUMD/3D-Reconstruction" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 28.Active Learning for Segmentation Based on Bayesian Sample Queries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10493.pdf)
>  Segmentation of anatomical structures is a fundamental image analysis task for many applications in the medical field. Deep learning methods have been shown to perform well, but for this purpose large numbers of manual annotations are needed in the first place, which necessitate prohibitive levels of resources that are often unavailable. In an active learning framework of selecting informed samples for manual labeling, expert clinician time for manual annotation can be optimally utilized, enabling the establishment of large labeled datasets for machine learning. In this paper, we propose a novel method that combines representativeness with uncertainty in order to estimate ideal samples to be annotated, iteratively from a given dataset. Our novel representativeness metric is based on Bayesian sampling, by using information-maximizing autoencoders. We conduct experiments on a shoulder magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) dataset for the segmentation of four musculoskeletal tissue classes. Quantitative results show that the annotation of representative samples selected by our proposed querying method yields an improved segmentation performance at each active learning iteration, compared to a baseline method that also employs uncertainty and representativeness metrics. For instance, with only 10% of the dataset annotated, our method reaches within 5% of Dice score expected from the upper bound scenario of all the dataset given as annotated (an impractical scenario due to resource constraints), and this gap drops down to a mere 2% when less than a fifth of the dataset samples are annotated. Such active learning approach to selecting samples to annotate enables an optimal use of the expert clinician time, being often the bottleneck in realizing machine learning solutions in medicine. 
### 29.Facial Synthesis from Visual Attributes via Sketch using Multi-Scale Generators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10479.pdf)
>  Automatic synthesis of faces from visual attributes is an important problem in computer vision and has wide applications in law enforcement and entertainment. With the advent of deep generative convolutional neural networks (CNNs), attempts have been made to synthesize face images from attributes and text descriptions. In this paper, we take a different approach, where we formulate the original problem as a stage-wise learning problem. We first synthesize the facial sketch corresponding to the visual attributes and then we generate the face image based on the synthesized sketch. The proposed framework, is based on a combination of two different Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) - (1) a sketch generator network which synthesizes realistic sketch from the input attributes, and (2) a face generator network which synthesizes facial images from the synthesized sketch images with the help of facial attributes. Extensive experiments and comparison with recent methods are performed to verify the effectiveness of the proposed attribute-based two-stage face synthesis method. 
### 30.Adversarial Feature Distribution Alignment for Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10428.pdf)
>  Training deep neural networks with only a few labeled samples can lead to overfitting. This is problematic in semi-supervised learning where only a few labeled samples are available. In this paper, we show that a consequence of overfitting in SSL is feature distribution misalignment between labeled and unlabeled samples. Hence, we propose a new feature distribution alignment method. Our method is particularly effective when using only a small amount of labeled samples. We test our method on CIFAR10 and SVHN. On SVHN we achieve a test error of 3.88% (250 labeled samples) and 3.39% (1000 labeled samples) which is close to the fully supervised model 2.89% (73k labeled samples). In comparison, the current SOTA achieves only 4.29% and 3.74%. Finally, we provide a theoretical insight why feature distribution alignment occurs and show that our method reduces it. 
### 31.Joint Face Super-Resolution and Deblurring Using a Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10427.pdf)
>  Facial image super-resolution (SR) is an important preprocessing for facial image analysis, face recognition, and image-based 3D face reconstruction. Recent convolutional neural network (CNN) based method has shown excellent performance by learning mapping relation using pairs of low-resolution (LR) and high-resolution (HR) facial images. However, since the HR facial image reconstruction using CNN is conventionally aimed to increase the PSNR and SSIM metrics, the reconstructed HR image might not be realistic even with high scores. An adversarial framework is proposed in this study to reconstruct the HR facial image by simultaneously generating an HR image with and without blur. First, the spatial resolution of the LR facial image is increased by eight times using a five-layer CNN. Then, the encoder extracts the features of the up-scaled image. These features are finally sent to two branches (decoders) to generate an HR facial image with and without blur. In addition, local and global discriminators are combined to focus on the reconstruction of HR facial structures. Experiment results show that the proposed algorithm generates a realistic HR facial image. Furthermore, the proposed method can generate a variety of different facial images. 
### 32.Continuity, Stability, and Integration: Novel Tracking-Based Perspectives for Temporal Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10406.pdf)
>  Video object detection (VID) has been vigorously studied for years but almost all literature adopts a static accuracy-based evaluation, i.e., mean average precision (mAP). From a temporal perspective, the importance of recall continuity and localization stability is equal to that of accuracy, but the mAP is insufficient to reflect detectors' performance across time. In this paper, non-reference assessments are proposed for continuity and stability based on tubelets from multi-object tracking (MOT). These temporal evaluations can serve as supplements to static mAP. Further, we develop tubelet refinement for improving detectors' performance on temporal continuity and stability through short tubelet suppression, fragment filling, and history-present fusion. <br>In addition, we propose a small-overlap suppression to extend VID methods to single object tracking (SOT) task. The VID-based SOT does not need MOT or traditional SOT model. A unified VID-MOT-SOT framework is then formed. <br>Extensive experiments are conducted on ImageNet VID dataset, where the superiority of our proposed approaches are validated and verified. Codes will be publicly available. 
### 33.Adversarial Cross-Domain Action Recognition with Co-Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10405.pdf)
>  Action recognition has been a widely studied topic with a heavy focus on supervised learning involving sufficient labeled videos. However, the problem of cross-domain action recognition, where training and testing videos are drawn from different underlying distributions, remains largely under-explored. Previous methods directly employ techniques for cross-domain image recognition, which tend to suffer from the severe temporal misalignment problem. This paper proposes a Temporal Co-attention Network (TCoN), which matches the distributions of temporally aligned action features between source and target domains using a novel cross-domain co-attention mechanism. Experimental results on three cross-domain action recognition datasets demonstrate that TCoN improves both previous single-domain and cross-domain methods significantly under the cross-domain setting. 
### 34.Robust Pose Invariant Shape and Texture based Hand Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10373.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel personal identification and verification system using information extracted from the hand shape and texture. The system has two major constituent modules: a fully automatic and robust peg free segmentation and pose normalisation module, and a recognition module. In the first module, the hand is segmented from its background using a thresholding technique based on Otsu`s method combined with a skin colour detector. A set of fully automatic algorithms are then proposed to segment the palm and fingers. In these algorithms, the skeleton and the contour of the hand and fingers are estimated and used to determine the global pose of the hand and the pose of each individual finger. Finally the palm and fingers are cropped, pose corrected and normalised. In the recognition module, various shape and texture based features are extracted and used for matching purposes. The modified Hausdorff distance, the Iterative Closest Point (ICP) and Independent Component Analysis (ICA) algorithms are used for shape and texture features of the fingers. For the palmprints, we use the Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT), directional line features and ICA. Recognition (identification and verification) tests were performed using fusion strategies based on the similarity scores of the fingers and the palm. Experimental results show that the proposed system exhibits a superior performance over existing systems with an accuracy of over 98\% for hand identification and verification (at equal error rate) in a database of 560 different subjects. 
### 35.Learning to Impute: A General Framework for Semi-supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10364.pdf)
>  Recent semi-supervised learning methods have shown to achieve comparable results to their supervised counterparts while using only a small portion of labels in image classification tasks thanks to their regularization strategies. In this paper, we take a more direct approach for semi-supervised learning and propose learning to impute the labels of unlabeled samples such that a network achieves better generalization when it is trained on these labels. We pose the problem in a learning-to-learn formulation which can easily be incorporated to the state-of-the-art semi-supervised techniques and boost their performance especially when the labels are limited. We demonstrate that our method is applicable to both classification and regression problems including image classification and facial landmark detection tasks. 
### 36.Tifinagh-IRCAM Handwritten character recognition using Deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10338.pdf)
>  In this paper, we exploit the benefits of the deep learning approach to design an efficient system of Amazigh handwritten recognition. Indeed, this approach has proved a greater efficiency in the various domains, especially recognition tasks. However, to take full advantage of this approach it's necessary to construct an adequate dataset of training and testing that represent faithfully the concerned problem. To this end, we have prepared our dataset of 102 writers each one contains 33 characters of IRCAM-Tifinagh. Inspired by the MNIST database, the set of characters is size-normalized and centered in a fixed-size image. The resulting is a grey level image of size 28x28, where the black color is the non-color of the character. The number of images produced after this preprocessing step is 3,366. 
### 37.Depth Completion via Deep Basis Fitting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10336.pdf)
>  In this paper we consider the task of image-guided depth completion where our system must infer the depth at every pixel of an input image based on the image content and a sparse set of depth measurements. We propose a novel approach that builds upon the strengths of modern deep learning techniques and classical optimization algorithms and significantly improves performance. The proposed method replaces the final $1\times 1$ convolutional layer employed in most depth completion networks with a least squares fitting module which computes weights by fitting the implicit depth bases to the given sparse depth measurements. In addition, we show how our proposed method can be naturally extended to a multi-scale formulation for improved self-supervised training. We demonstrate through extensive experiments on various datasets that our approach achieves consistent improvements over state-of-the-art baseline methods with small computational overhead. 
### 38.Multimodal Representation Model based on Graph-Based Rank Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10314.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an unsupervised representation model, based on rank-fusion graphs, for general applicability in multimodal tasks, either unsupervised or supervised prediction. Rank-fusion graphs encode information from multiple descriptors and retrieval models, thus being able to capture underlying relationships between modalities, samples, and the collection itself. By doing so, our method is able to promote a fusion model better than either early-fusion and late-fusion alternatives. The solution is based on the encoding of multiple ranks of a query, defined according to different criteria, into a graph. Later, we embed the generated graph into a feature space, creating fusion vectors. Those embeddings are employed to build an estimator that infers whether an input (even multimodal) object refers to a class (or event) or not. Performed experiments in the context of multiple multimodal and visual datasets, evaluated on several descriptors and retrieval models, demonstrate that our representation model is highly effective for different detection scenarios involving visual, textual, and multimodal features, yielding better detection results than state-of-the-art methods. 
### 39.Do Facial Expressions Predict Ad Sharing? A Large-Scale Observational Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10311.pdf)
>  People often share news and information with their social connections, but why do some advertisements get shared more than others? A large-scale test examines whether facial responses predict sharing. Facial expressions play a key role in emotional expression. Using scalable automated facial coding algorithms, we quantify the facial expressions of thousands of individuals in response to hundreds of advertisements. Results suggest that not all emotions expressed during viewing increase sharing, and that the relationship between emotion and transmission is more complex than mere valence alone. Facial actions linked to positive emotions (i.e., smiles) were associated with increased sharing. But while some actions associated with negative emotion (e.g., lip depressor, associated with sadness) were linked to decreased sharing, others (i.e., nose wrinkles, associated with disgust) were linked to increased sharing. The ability to quickly collect facial responses at scale in peoples' natural environment has important implications for marketers and opens up a range of avenues for further research. 
### 40.Candidate Fusion: Integrating Language Modelling into a Sequence-to-Sequence Handwritten Word Recognition Architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10308.pdf)
>  Sequence-to-sequence models have recently become very popular for tackling handwritten word recognition problems. However, how to effectively integrate an external language model into such recognizer is still a challenging problem. The main challenge faced when training a language model is to deal with the language model corpus which is usually different to the one used for training the handwritten word recognition system. Thus, the bias between both word corpora leads to incorrectness on the transcriptions, providing similar or even worse performances on the recognition task. In this work, we introduce Candidate Fusion, a novel way to integrate an external language model to a sequence-to-sequence architecture. Moreover, it provides suggestions from an external language knowledge, as a new input to the sequence-to-sequence recognizer. Hence, Candidate Fusion provides two improvements. On the one hand, the sequence-to-sequence recognizer has the flexibility not only to combine the information from itself and the language model, but also to choose the importance of the information provided by the language model. On the other hand, the external language model has the ability to adapt itself to the training corpus and even learn the most commonly errors produced from the recognizer. Finally, by conducting comprehensive experiments, the Candidate Fusion proves to outperform the state-of-the-art language models for handwritten word recognition tasks. 
### 41.\emph{cm}SalGAN: RGB-D Salient Object Detection with Cross-View Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10280.pdf)
>  Image salient object detection (SOD) is an active research topic in computer vision and multimedia area. Fusing complementary information of RGB and depth has been demonstrated to be effective for image salient object detection which is known as RGB-D salient object detection problem. The main challenge for RGB-D salient object detection is how to exploit the salient cues of both intra-modality (RGB, depth) and cross-modality simultaneously which is known as cross-modality detection problem. In this paper, we tackle this challenge by designing a novel cross-modality Saliency Generative Adversarial Network (\emph{cm}SalGAN). \emph{cm}SalGAN aims to learn an optimal view-invariant and consistent pixel-level representation for RGB and depth images via a novel adversarial learning framework, which thus incorporates both information of intra-view and correlation information of cross-view images simultaneously for RGB-D saliency detection problem. To further improve the detection results, the attention mechanism and edge detection module are also incorporated into \emph{cm}SalGAN. The entire \emph{cm}SalGAN can be trained in an end-to-end manner by using the standard deep neural network framework. Experimental results show that \emph{cm}SalGAN achieves the new state-of-the-art RGB-D saliency detection performance on several benchmark datasets. 
### 42.A sparse resultant based method for efficient minimal solvers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10268.pdf)
>  Many computer vision applications require robust and efficient estimation of camera geometry. The robust estimation is usually based on solving camera geometry problems from a minimal number of input data measurements, i.e. solving minimal problems in a RANSAC framework. Minimal problems often result in complex systems of polynomial equations. Many state-of-the-art efficient polynomial solvers to these problems are based on Grbner bases and the action-matrix method that has been automatized and highly optimized in recent years. In this paper we study an alternative algebraic method for solving systems of polynomial equations, i.e., the sparse resultant-based method and propose a novel approach to convert the resultant constraint to an eigenvalue problem. This technique can significantly improve the efficiency and stability of existing resultant-based solvers. We applied our new resultant-based method to a large variety of computer vision problems and show that for most of the considered problems, the new method leads to solvers that are the same size as the the best available Grbner basis solvers and of similar accuracy. For some problems the new sparse-resultant based method leads to even smaller and more stable solvers than the state-of-the-art Grbner basis solvers. Our new method can be fully automatized and incorporated into existing tools for automatic generation of efficient polynomial solvers and as such it represents a competitive alternative to popular Grbner basis methods for minimal problems in computer vision. 
### 43.Research on Clustering Performance of Sparse Subspace Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10256.pdf)
>  Recently, sparse subspace clustering has been a valid tool to deal with high-dimensional data. There are two essential steps in the framework of sparse subspace clustering. One is solving the coefficient matrix of data, and the other is constructing the affinity matrix from the coefficient matrix, which is applied to the spectral clustering. This paper investigates the factors which affect clustering performance from both clustering accuracy and stability of the approaches based on existing algorithms. We select four methods to solve the coefficient matrix and use four different ways to construct a similarity matrix for each coefficient matrix. Then we compare the clustering performance of different combinations on three datasets. The experimental results indicate that both the coefficient matrix and affinity matrix have a huge influence on clustering performance and how to develop a stable and valid algorithm still needs to be studied. 
### 44.Seek and You Will Find: A New Optimized Framework for Efficient Detection of Pedestrian  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10241.pdf)
>  Studies of object detection and localization, particularly pedestrian detection have received considerable attention in recent times due to its several prospective applications such as surveillance, driving assistance, autonomous cars, etc. Also, a significant trend of latest research studies in related problem areas is the use of sophisticated Deep Learning based approaches to improve the benchmark performance on various standard datasets. A trade-off between the speed (number of video frames processed per second) and detection accuracy has often been reported in the existing literature. In this article, we present a new but simple deep learning based strategy for pedestrian detection that improves this trade-off. Since training of similar models using publicly available sample datasets failed to improve the detection performance to some significant extent, particularly for the instances of pedestrians of smaller sizes, we have developed a new sample dataset consisting of more than 80K annotated pedestrian figures in videos recorded under varying traffic conditions. Performance of the proposed model on the test samples of the new dataset and two other existing datasets, namely Caltech Pedestrian Dataset (CPD) and CityPerson Dataset (CD) have been obtained. Our proposed system shows nearly 16\% improvement over the existing state-of-the-art result. 
### 45.A Survey on Deep Learning-based Architectures for Semantic Segmentation on 2D images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10230.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation is the pixel-wise labelling of an image. Since the problem is defined at the pixel level, determining image class labels only is not acceptable, but localising them at the original image pixel resolution is necessary. Boosted by the extraordinary ability of convolutional neural networks (CNN) in creating semantic, high level and hierarchical image features; excessive numbers of deep learning-based 2D semantic segmentation approaches have been proposed within the last decade. In this survey, we mainly focus on the recent scientific developments in semantic segmentation, specifically on deep learning-based methods using 2D images. We started with an analysis of the public image sets and leaderboards for 2D semantic segmantation, with an overview of the techniques employed in performance evaluation. In examining the evolution of the field, we chronologically categorised the approaches into three main periods, namely pre-and early deep learning era, the fully convolutional era, and the post-FCN era. We technically analysed the solutions put forward in terms of solving the fundamental problems of the field, such as fine-grained localisation and scale invariance. Before drawing our conclusions, we present a table of methods from all mentioned eras, with a brief summary of each approach that explains their contribution to the field. We conclude the survey by discussing the current challenges of the field and to what extent they have been solved. 
### 46.Style-based Variational Autoencoder for Real-World Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10227.pdf)
>  Real-world image super-resolution is a challenging image translation problem. Low-resolution (LR) images are often generated by various unknown transformations rather than by applying simple bilinear down-sampling on HR images. To address this issue, this paper proposes a novel Style-based Super-Resolution Variational Autoencoder network (SSRVAE) that contains a style Variational Autoencoder (styleVAE) and a SR Network. To get realistic real-world low-quality images paired with the HR images, we design a styleVAE to transfer the complex nuisance factors in real-world LR images to the generated LR images. We also use mutual information estimation (MI) to get better style information. For our SR network, we firstly propose a global attention residual block to learn long-range dependencies in images. Then another local attention residual block is proposed to enforce the attention of SR network moves to local areas of images in which texture detail will be filled. It is worth noticing that styleVAE is presented in a plug-and-play manner and thus can help to promote the generalization and robustness of our SR method as well as other SR methods. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our SSRVAE surpasses the state-of-the-art methods, both quantitatively and qualitatively. 
### 47.Towards Efficient Training for Neural Network Quantization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10207.pdf)
>  Quantization reduces computation costs of neural networks but suffers from performance degeneration. Is this accuracy drop due to the reduced capacity, or inefficient training during the quantization procedure? After looking into the gradient propagation process of neural networks by viewing the weights and intermediate activations as random variables, we discover two critical rules for efficient training. Recent quantization approaches violates the two rules and results in degenerated convergence. To deal with this problem, we propose a simple yet effective technique, named scale-adjusted training (SAT), to comply with the discovered rules and facilitates efficient training. We also analyze the quantization error introduced in calculating the gradient in the popular parameterized clipping activation (PACT) technique. Through SAT together with gradient-calibrated PACT, quantized models obtain comparable or even better performance than their full-precision counterparts, achieving state-of-the-art accuracy with consistent improvement over previous quantization methods on a wide spectrum of models including MobileNet-V1/V2 and PreResNet-50. 
### 48.Decoupled Attention Network for Text Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10205.pdf)
>  Text recognition has attracted considerable research interests because of its various applications. The cutting-edge text recognition methods are based on attention mechanisms. However, most of attention methods usually suffer from serious alignment problem due to its recurrency alignment operation, where the alignment relies on historical decoding results. To remedy this issue, we propose a decoupled attention network (DAN), which decouples the alignment operation from using historical decoding results. DAN is an effective, flexible and robust end-to-end text recognizer, which consists of three components: 1) a feature encoder that extracts visual features from the input image; 2) a convolutional alignment module that performs the alignment operation based on visual features from the encoder; and 3) a decoupled text decoder that makes final prediction by jointly using the feature map and attention maps. Experimental results show that DAN achieves state-of-the-art performance on multiple text recognition tasks, including offline handwritten text recognition and regular/irregular scene text recognition. 
### 49.Convolutional Neural Networks: A Binocular Vision Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10201.pdf)
>  It is arguable that whether the single camera captured (monocular) image datasets are sufficient enough to train and test convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for imitating the biological neural network structures of the human brain. As human visual system works in binocular, the collaboration of the eyes with the two brain lobes needs more investigation for improvements in such CNN-based visual imagery analysis applications. It is indeed questionable that if respective visual fields of each eye and the associated brain lobes are responsible for different learning abilities of the same scene. There are such open questions in this field of research which need rigorous investigation in order to further understand the nature of the human visual system, hence improve the currently available deep learning applications. This position paper analyses a binocular CNNs architecture that is more analogous to the biological structure of the human visual system than the conventional deep learning techniques. While taking a structure called optic chiasma into account, this architecture consists of basically two parallel CNN structures associated with each visual field and the brain lobe, fully connected later possibly as in the primary visual cortex (V1). Experimental results demonstrate that binocular learning of two different visual fields leads to better classification rates on average, when compared to classical CNN architectures. 
### 50.Eliminating cross-camera bias for vehicle re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10193.pdf)
>  Vehicle re-identification (reID) often requires recognize a target vehicle in large datasets captured from multi-cameras. It plays an important role in the automatic analysis of the increasing urban surveillance videos, which has become a hot topic in recent years. However, the appearance of vehicle images is easily affected by the environment that various illuminations, different backgrounds and viewpoints, which leads to the large bias between different cameras. To address this problem, this paper proposes a cross-camera adaptation framework (CCA), which smooths the bias by exploiting the common space between cameras for all samples. CCA first transfers images from multi-cameras into one camera to reduce the impact of the illumination and resolution, which generates the samples with the similar distribution. Then, to eliminate the influence of background and focus on the valuable parts, we propose an attention alignment network (AANet) to learn powerful features for vehicle reID. Specially, in AANet, the spatial transfer network with attention module is introduced to locate a series of the most discriminative regions with high-attention weights and suppress the background. Moreover, comprehensive experimental results have demonstrated that our proposed CCA can achieve excellent performances on benchmark datasets VehicleID and VeRi-776. 
### 51.Jacobian Adversarially Regularized Networks for Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10185.pdf)
>  Adversarial examples are crafted with imperceptible perturbations with the intent to fool neural networks. Against such attacks, adversarial training and its variants stand as the strongest defense to date. Previous studies have pointed out that robust models that have undergone adversarial training tend to produce more salient and interpretable Jacobian matrices than their non-robust counterparts. A natural question is whether a model trained with an objective to produce salient Jacobian can result in better robustness. This paper answers this question with affirmative empirical results. We propose Jacobian Adversarially Regularized Networks (JARN) as a method to optimize the saliency of a classifier's Jacobian by adversarially regularizing the model's Jacobian to resemble natural training images. Image classifiers trained with JARN show improved robust accuracy compared to standard models on the MNIST, SVHN and CIFAR-10 datasets, uncovering a new angle to boost robustness without using adversarial training. 
### 52.DBP: Discrimination Based Block-Level Pruning for Deep Model Acceleration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10178.pdf)
>  Neural network pruning is one of the most popular methods of accelerating the inference of deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs). The dominant pruning methods, filter-level pruning methods, evaluate their performance through the reduction ratio of computations and deem that a higher reduction ratio of computations is equivalent to a higher acceleration ratio in terms of inference time. However, we argue that they are not equivalent if parallel computing is considered. Given that filter-level pruning only prunes filters in layers and computations in a layer usually run in parallel, most computations reduced by filter-level pruning usually run in parallel with the un-reduced ones. Thus, the acceleration ratio of filter-level pruning is limited. To get a higher acceleration ratio, it is better to prune redundant layers because computations of different layers cannot run in parallel. In this paper, we propose our Discrimination based Block-level Pruning method (DBP). Specifically, DBP takes a sequence of consecutive layers (e.g., Conv-BN-ReLu) as a block and removes redundant blocks according to the discrimination of their output features. As a result, DBP achieves a considerable acceleration ratio by reducing the depth of CNNs. Extensive experiments show that DBP has surpassed state-of-the-art filter-level pruning methods in both accuracy and acceleration ratio. Our code will be made available soon. 
### 53.Measuring Dataset Granularity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10154.pdf)
>  Despite the increasing visibility of fine-grained recognition in our field, "fine-grained'' has thus far lacked a precise definition. In this work, building upon clustering theory, we pursue a framework for measuring dataset granularity. We argue that dataset granularity should depend not only on the data samples and their labels, but also on the distance function we choose. We propose an axiomatic framework to capture desired properties for a dataset granularity measure and provide examples of measures that satisfy these properties. We assess each measure via experiments on datasets with hierarchical labels of varying granularity. When measuring granularity in commonly used datasets with our measure, we find that certain datasets that are widely considered fine-grained in fact contain subsets of considerable size that are substantially more coarse-grained than datasets generally regarded as coarse-grained. We also investigate the interplay between dataset granularity with a variety of factors and find that fine-grained datasets are more difficult to learn from, more difficult to transfer to, more difficult to perform few-shot learning with, and more vulnerable to adversarial attacks. 
### 54.Learning Diverse Stochastic Human-Action Generators by Learning Smooth Latent Transitions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10150.pdf)
>  Human-motion generation is a long-standing challenging task due to the requirement of accurately modeling complex and diverse dynamic patterns. Most existing methods adopt sequence models such as RNN to directly model transitions in the original action space. Due to high dimensionality and potential noise, such modeling of action transitions is particularly challenging. In this paper, we focus on skeleton-based action generation and propose to model smooth and diverse transitions on a latent space of action sequences with much lower dimensionality. Conditioned on a latent sequence, actions are generated by a frame-wise decoder shared by all latent action-poses. Specifically, an implicit RNN is defined to model smooth latent sequences, whose randomness (diversity) is controlled by noise from the input. Different from standard action-prediction methods, our model can generate action sequences from pure noise without any conditional action poses. Remarkably, it can also generate unseen actions from mixed classes during training. Our model is learned with a bi-directional generative-adversarial-net framework, which not only can generate diverse action sequences of a particular class or mix classes, but also learns to classify action sequences within the same model. Experimental results show the superiority of our method in both diverse action-sequence generation and classification, relative to existing methods. 
### 55.Eikonal Region-based Active Contours for Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10122.pdf)
>  The minimal path model based on the Eikonal partial differential equation (PDE) has served as a fundamental tool for the applications of image segmentation and boundary detection in the passed three decades. However, the existing minimal paths-based image segmentation approaches commonly rely on the image boundary features, potentially limiting their performance in some situations. In this paper, we introduce a new variational image segmentation model based on the minimal path framework and the Eikonal PDE, where the region-based functional that defines the homogeneity criteria can be taken into account for estimating the associated geodesic paths. This is done by establishing a geodesic curve interpretation to the region-based active contour evolution problem. The image segmentation processing is carried out in an iterative manner in our approach. A crucial ingredient in each iteration is to construct an asymmetric Randers geodesic metric using a sufficiently small vector field, such that a set of geodesic paths can be tracked from the geodesic distance map which is the solution to an Eikonal PDE. The object boundary can be delineated by the concatenation of the final geodesic paths. We invoke the Finsler variant of the fast marching method to estimate the geodesic distance map, yielding an efficient implementation of the proposed Eikonal region-based active contour model. Experimental results on both of the synthetic and real images exhibit that our model indeed achieves encouraging segmentation performance. 
### 56.Assessing Data Quality of Annotations with Krippendorff Alpha For Applications in Computer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10107.pdf)
>  Current supervised deep learning frameworks rely on annotated data for modeling the underlying data distribution of a given task. In particular for computer vision algorithms powered by deep learning, the quality of annotated data is the most critical factor in achieving the desired algorithm performance. Data annotation is, typically, a manual process where the annotator follows guidelines and operates in a best-guess manner. Labeling criteria among annotators can show discrepancies in labeling results. This may impact the algorithm inference performance. Given the popularity and widespread use of deep learning among computer vision, more and more custom datasets are needed to train neural networks to tackle different kinds of tasks. Unfortunately, there is no full understanding of the factors that affect annotated data quality, and how it translates into algorithm performance. In this paper we studied this problem for object detection and recognition.We conducted several data annotation experiments to measure inter annotator agreement and consistency, as well as how the selection of ground truth impacts the perceived algorithm performance.We propose a methodology to monitor the quality of annotations during the labeling of images and how it can be used to measure performance. We also show that neglecting to monitor the annotation process can result in significant loss in algorithm precision. Through these experiments, we observe that knowledge of the labeling process, training data, and ground truth data used for algorithm evaluation are fundamental components to accurately assess trustworthiness of an AI system. 
### 57.From Patches to Pictures (PaQ-2-PiQ): Mapping the Perceptual Space of Picture Quality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10088.pdf)
>  Blind or no-reference (NR) perceptual picture quality prediction is a difficult, unsolved problem of great consequence to the social and streaming media industries that impacts billions of viewers daily. Unfortunately, popular NR prediction models perform poorly on real-world distorted pictures. To advance progress on this problem, we introduce the largest (by far) subjective picture quality database, containing about 40000 real-world distorted pictures and 120000 patches, on which we collected about 4M human judgments of picture quality. Using these picture and patch quality labels, we built deep region-based architectures that learn to produce state-of-the-art global picture quality predictions as well as useful local picture quality maps. Our innovations include picture quality prediction architectures that produce global-to-local inferences as well as local-to-global inferences (via feedback). 
### 58.Saliency Based Fire Detection Using Texture and Color Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10059.pdf)
>  Due to industry deployment and extension of urban areas, early warning systems have an essential role in giving emergency. Fire is an event that can rapidly spread and cause injury, death, and damage. Early detection of fire could significantly reduce these injuries. Video-based fire detection is a low cost and fast method in comparison with conventional fire detectors. Most available fire detection methods have a high false-positive rate and low accuracy. In this paper, we increase accuracy by using spatial and temporal features. Captured video sequences are divided into Spatio-temporal blocks. Then a saliency map and combination of color and texture features are used for detecting fire regions. We use the HSV color model as a spatial feature and LBP-TOP for temporal processing of fire texture. Fire detection tests on publicly available datasets have shown the accuracy and robustness of the algorithm. 
### 59.Robust breast cancer detection in mammography and digital breast tomosynthesis using annotation-efficient deep learning approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.11027.pdf)
>  Breast cancer remains a global challenge, causing over 1 million deaths globally in 2018. To achieve earlier breast cancer detection, screening x-ray mammography is recommended by health organizations worldwide and has been estimated to decrease breast cancer mortality by 20-40%. Nevertheless, significant false positive and false negative rates, as well as high interpretation costs, leave opportunities for improving quality and access. To address these limitations, there has been much recent interest in applying deep learning to mammography; however, obtaining large amounts of annotated data poses a challenge for training deep learning models for this purpose, as does ensuring generalization beyond the populations represented in the training dataset. Here, we present an annotation-efficient deep learning approach that 1) achieves state-of-the-art performance in mammogram classification, 2) successfully extends to digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT; "3D mammography"), 3) detects cancers in clinically-negative prior mammograms of cancer patients, 4) generalizes well to a population with low screening rates, and 5) outperforms five-out-of-five full-time breast imaging specialists by improving absolute sensitivity by an average of 14%. Our results demonstrate promise towards software that can improve the accuracy of and access to screening mammography worldwide. 
### 60.Low radiation tomographic reconstruction with and without template information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.11022.pdf)
>  Low-dose tomography is highly preferred in medical procedures for its reduced radiation risk when compared to standard-dose Computed Tomography (CT). However, the lower the intensity of X-rays, the higher the acquisition noise and hence the reconstructions suffer from artefacts. A large body of work has focussed on improving the algorithms to minimize these artefacts. In this work, we propose two new techniques, rescaled non-linear least squares and Poisson-Gaussian convolution, that reconstruct the underlying image making use of an accurate or near-accurate statistical model of the noise in the projections. We also propose a reconstruction method when prior knowledge of the underlying object is available in the form of templates. This is applicable to longitudinal studies wherein the same object is scanned multiple times to observe the changes that evolve in it over time. Our results on 3D data show that prior information can be used to compensate for the low-dose artefacts, and we demonstrate that it is possible to simultaneously prevent the prior from adversely biasing the reconstructions of new changes in the test object, via a method called ``re-irradiation''. Additionally, we also present two techniques for automated tuning of the regularization parameters for tomographic inversion. 
### 61.Data-Free Adversarial Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.11006.pdf)
>  Knowledge Distillation (KD) has made remarkable progress in the last few years and become a popular paradigm for model compression and knowledge transfer. However, almost all existing KD algorithms are data-driven, i.e., relying on a large amount of original training data or alternative data, which is usually unavailable in real-world scenarios. In this paper, we devote ourselves to this challenging problem and propose a novel adversarial distillation mechanism to craft a compact student model without any real-world data. We introduce a model discrepancy to quantificationally measure the difference between student and teacher models and construct an optimizable upper bound. In our work, the student and the teacher jointly act the role of the discriminator to reduce this discrepancy, when a generator adversarially produces some "hard samples" to enlarge it. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed data-free method yields comparable performance to existing data-driven methods. More strikingly, our approach can be directly extended to semantic segmentation, which is more complicated than classification and our approach achieves state-of-the-art results. The code will be released. 
### 62.Fully Automated Multi-Organ Segmentation in Abdominal Magnetic Resonance Imaging with Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.11000.pdf)
>  Segmentation of multiple organs-at-risk (OARs) is essential for radiation therapy treatment planning and other clinical applications. We developed an Automated deep Learning-based Abdominal Multi-Organ segmentation (ALAMO) framework based on 2D U-net and a densely connected network structure with tailored design in data augmentation and training procedures such as deep connection, auxiliary supervision, and multi-view. The model takes in multi-slice MR images and generates the output of segmentation results. Three-Tesla T1 VIBE (Volumetric Interpolated Breath-hold Examination) images of 102 subjects were collected and used in our study. Ten OARs were studied, including the liver, spleen, pancreas, left/right kidneys, stomach, duodenum, small intestine, spinal cord, and vertebral bodies. Two radiologists manually labeled and obtained the consensus contours as the ground-truth. In the complete cohort of 102, 20 samples were held out for independent testing, and the rest were used for training and validation. The performance was measured using volume overlapping and surface distance. The ALAMO framework generated segmentation labels in good agreement with the manual results. Specifically, among the 10 OARs, 9 achieved high Dice Similarity Coefficients (DSCs) in the range of 0.87-0.96, except for the duodenum with a DSC of 0.80. The inference completes within one minute for a 3D volume of 320x288x180. Overall, the ALAMO model matches the state-of-the-art performance. The proposed ALAMO framework allows for fully automated abdominal MR segmentation with high accuracy and low memory and computation time demands. 
### 63.Analyzing an Imitation Learning Network for Fundus Image Registration Using a Divide-and-Conquer Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10837.pdf)
>  Comparison of microvascular circulation on fundoscopic images is a non-invasive clinical indication for the diagnosis and monitoring of diseases, such as diabetes and hypertensions. The differences between intra-patient images can be assessed quantitatively by registering serial acquisitions. Due to the variability of the images (i.e. contrast, luminosity) and the anatomical changes of the retina, the registration of fundus images remains a challenging task. Recently, several deep learning approaches have been proposed to register fundus images in an end-to-end fashion, achieving remarkable results. However, the results are difficult to interpret and analyze. In this work, we propose an imitation learning framework for the registration of 2D color funduscopic images for a wide range of applications such as disease monitoring, image stitching and super-resolution. We follow a divide-and-conquer approach to improve the interpretability of the proposed network, and analyze both the influence of the input image and the hyperparameters on the registration result. The results show that the proposed registration network reduces the initial target registration error up to 95\%. 
### 64.Random CapsNet Forest Model for Imbalanced Malware Type Classification Task  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10836.pdf)
>  Behavior of a malware varies with respect to malware types. Therefore,knowing type of a malware affects strategies of system protection softwares. Many malware type classification models empowered by machine and deep learning achieve superior accuracies to predict malware types.Machine learning based models need to do heavy feature engineering and feature engineering is dominantly effecting performance of models.On the other hand, deep learning based models require less feature engineering than machine learning based models. However, traditional deep learning architectures and components cause very complex and data sensitive models. Capsule network architecture minimizes this complexity and data sensitivity unlike classical convolutional neural network architectures. This paper proposes an ensemble capsule network model based on bootstrap aggregating technique. The proposed method are tested on two malware datasets, whose the-state-of-the-art results are well-known. 
### 65.Deteo de estruturas permanentes a partir de dados de sries temporais Sentinel 1 e 2  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10799.pdf)
>  Mapping structures such as settlements, roads, individual houses and any other types of artificial structures is of great importance for the analysis of urban growth, masking, image alignment and, especially in the studied use case, the definition of Fuel Management Networks (FGC), which protect buildings from forest fires. Current cartography has a low generation frequency and their resolution may not be suitable for extracting small structures such as small settlements or roads, which may lack forest fire protection. In this paper, we use time series data, extracted from Sentinel-1 and 2 constellations, over Santarm, Mao, to explore the detection of permanent structures at a resolution of 10 by 10 meters. For this purpose, a XGBoost classification model is trained with 133 attributes extracted from the time series from all the bands, including normalized radiometric indices. The results show that the use of time series data increases the accuracy of the extraction of permanent structures when compared using only static data, using multitemporal data also increases the number of detected roads. In general, the final result has a permanent structure mapping with a higher resolution than state of the art settlement maps, small structures and roads are also more accurately represented. Regarding the use case, by using our final map for the creation of FGC it is possible to simplify and accelerate the process of delimitation of the official FGC. 
### 66.A Survey of Deep Learning Applications to Autonomous Vehicle Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10773.pdf)
>  Designing a controller for autonomous vehicles capable of providing adequate performance in all driving scenarios is challenging due to the highly complex environment and inability to test the system in the wide variety of scenarios which it may encounter after deployment. However, deep learning methods have shown great promise in not only providing excellent performance for complex and non-linear control problems, but also in generalising previously learned rules to new scenarios. For these reasons, the use of deep learning for vehicle control is becoming increasingly popular. Although important advancements have been achieved in this field, these works have not been fully summarised. This paper surveys a wide range of research works reported in the literature which aim to control a vehicle through deep learning methods. Although there exists overlap between control and perception, the focus of this paper is on vehicle control, rather than the wider perception problem which includes tasks such as semantic segmentation and object detection. The paper identifies the strengths and limitations of available deep learning methods through comparative analysis and discusses the research challenges in terms of computation, architecture selection, goal specification, generalisation, verification and validation, as well as safety. Overall, this survey brings timely and topical information to a rapidly evolving field relevant to intelligent transportation systems. 
### 67.Learn-able parameter guided Activation Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10752.pdf)
>  In this paper, we explore the concept of adding learn-able slope and mean shift parameters to an activation function to improve the total response region. The characteristics of an activation function depend highly on the value of parameters. Making the parameters learn-able, makes the activation function more dynamic and capable to adapt as per the requirements of its neighboring layers. The introduced slope parameter is independent of other parameters in the activation function. The concept was applied to ReLU to develop Dual Line and DualParametric ReLU activation function. Evaluation on MNIST and CIFAR10 show that the proposed activation function Dual Line achieves top-5 position for mean accuracy among 43 activation functions tested with LENET4, LENET5, and WideResNet architectures. This is the first time more than 40 activation functions were analyzed on MNIST andCIFAR10 dataset at the same time. The study on the distribution of positive slope parameter beta indicates that the activation function adapts as per the requirements of the neighboring layers. The study shows that model performance increases with the proposed activation functions 
### 68.The Usual Suspects? Reassessing Blame for VAE Posterior Collapse  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10702.pdf)
>  In narrow asymptotic settings Gaussian VAE models of continuous data have been shown to possess global optima aligned with ground-truth distributions. Even so, it is well known that poor solutions whereby the latent posterior collapses to an uninformative prior are sometimes obtained in practice. However, contrary to conventional wisdom that largely assigns blame for this phenomena on the undue influence of KL-divergence regularization, we will argue that posterior collapse is, at least in part, a direct consequence of bad local minima inherent to the loss surface of deep autoencoder networks. In particular, we prove that even small nonlinear perturbations of affine VAE decoder models can produce such minima, and in deeper models, analogous minima can force the VAE to behave like an aggressive truncation operator, provably discarding information along all latent dimensions in certain circumstances. Regardless, the underlying message here is not meant to undercut valuable existing explanations of posterior collapse, but rather, to refine the discussion and elucidate alternative risk factors that may have been previously underappreciated. 
### 69.Mixture of Inference Networks for VAE-based Audio-visual Speech Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10647.pdf)
>  In this paper, we are interested in unsupervised speech enhancement using latent variable generative models. We propose to learn a generative model for clean speech spectrogram based on a variational autoencoder (VAE) where a mixture of audio and visual networks is used to infer the posterior of the latent variables. This is motivated by the fact that visual data, i.e., lips images of the speaker, provide helpful and complementary information about speech. As such, they can help train a richer inference network. Moreover, during speech enhancement, visual data are used to initialize the latent variables, thus providing a more robust initialization than the noisy speech spectrogram. A variational inference approach is derived to train the proposed VAE. Thanks to the novel inference procedure and the robust initialization, the proposed audio-visual mixture VAE exhibits superior performance on speech enhancement than using the standard audio-only counterpart. 
### 70.Algorithm Unrolling: Interpretable, Efficient Deep Learning for Signal and Image Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10557.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks provide unprecedented performance gains in many real world problems in signal and image processing. Despite these gains, future development and practical deployment of deep networks is hindered by their blackbox nature, i.e., lack of interpretability, and by the need for very large training sets. An emerging technique called algorithm unrolling or unfolding offers promise in eliminating these issues by providing a concrete and systematic connection between iterative algorithms that are used widely in signal processing and deep neural networks. Unrolling methods were first proposed to develop fast neural network approximations for sparse coding. More recently, this direction has attracted enormous attention and is rapidly growing both in theoretic investigations and practical applications. The growing popularity of unrolled deep networks is due in part to their potential in developing efficient, high-performance and yet interpretable network architectures from reasonable size training sets. In this article, we review algorithm unrolling for signal and image processing. We extensively cover popular techniques for algorithm unrolling in various domains of signal and image processing including imaging, vision and recognition, and speech processing. By reviewing previous works, we reveal the connections between iterative algorithms and neural networks and present recent theoretical results. Finally, we provide a discussion on current limitations of unrolling and suggest possible future research directions. 
### 71.Re-Identification and Growth Detection of Pulmonary Nodules without Image Registration Using 3D Siamese Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10525.pdf)
>  Lung cancer follow-up is a complex, error prone, and time consuming task for clinical radiologists. Several lung CT scan images taken at different time points of a given patient need to be individually inspected, looking for possible cancerogenous nodules. Radiologists mainly focus their attention in nodule size, density, and growth to assess the existence of malignancy. In this study, we present a novel method based on a 3D siamese neural network, for the re-identification of nodules in a pair of CT scans of the same patient without the need for image registration. The network was integrated into a two-stage automatic pipeline to detect, match, and predict nodule growth given pairs of CT scans. Results on an independent test set reported a nodule detection sensitivity of 94.7%, an accuracy for temporal nodule matching of 88.8%, and a sensitivity of 92.0% with a precision of 88.4% for nodule growth detection. 
### 72.On the Initialization of Long Short-Term Memory Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10454.pdf)
>  Weight initialization is important for faster convergence and stability of deep neural networks training. In this paper, a robust initialization method is developed to address the training instability in long short-term memory (LSTM) networks. It is based on a normalized random initialization of the network weights that aims at preserving the variance of the network input and output in the same range. The method is applied to standard LSTMs for univariate time series regression and to LSTMs robust to missing values for multivariate disease progression modeling. The results show that in all cases, the proposed initialization method outperforms the state-of-the-art initialization techniques in terms of training convergence and generalization performance of the obtained solution. 
### 73.Patch-based Generative Adversarial Network Towards Retinal Vessel Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10377.pdf)
>  Retinal blood vessels are considered to be the reliable diagnostic biomarkers of ophthalmologic and diabetic retinopathy. Monitoring and diagnosis totally depends on expert analysis of both thin and thick retinal vessels which has recently been carried out by various artificial intelligent techniques. Existing deep learning methods attempt to segment retinal vessels using a unified loss function optimized for both thin and thick vessels with equal importance. Due to variable thickness, biased distribution, and difference in spatial features of thin and thick vessels, unified loss function are more influential towards identification of thick vessels resulting in weak segmentation. To address this problem, a conditional patch-based generative adversarial network is proposed which utilizes a generator network and a patch-based discriminator network conditioned on the sample data with an additional loss function to learn both thin and thick vessels. Experiments are conducted on publicly available STARE and DRIVE datasets which show that the proposed model outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 74.Deep Automodulators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10321.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel autoencoder model that deviates from traditional autoencoders by using the full latent vector to independently modulate each layer in the decoder. We demonstrate how such an 'automodulator' allows for a principled approach to enforce latent space disentanglement, mixing of latent codes, and a straightforward way to utilise prior information that can be construed as a scale-specific invariance. Unlike the GAN models without encoders, autoencoder models can directly operate on new real input samples. This makes our model directly suitable for applications involving real-world inputs. As the architectural backbone, we extend recent generative autoencoder models that retain input identity and image sharpness at high resolutions better than VAEs. We show that our model achieves state-of-the-art latent space disentanglement and achieves high quality and diversity of output samples, as well as faithfulness of reconstructions. 
### 75.Joint Forward-Backward Visual Odometry for Stereo Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10293.pdf)
>  Visual odometry is a widely used technique in the field of robotics and automation to keep a track on the location of a robot using visual cues alone. In this paper, we propose a joint forward backward visual odometry framework by combining both, the forward motion and backward motion estimated from stereo cameras. The basic framework of LIBVIOS2 is used here for pose estimation as it can run in real-time on standard CPUs. The complementary nature of errors in the forward and backward mode of visual odometry helps in providing a refined motion estimation upon combining these individual estimates. In addition, two reliability measures, that is, forward-backward relative pose error and forward-backward absolute pose error have been proposed for evaluating visual odometry frameworks on its own without the requirement of any ground truth data. The proposed scheme is evaluated on the KITTI visual odometry dataset. The experimental results demonstrate improved accuracy of the proposed scheme over the traditional odometry pipeline without much increase in the system overload. 
### 76.UWGAN: Underwater GAN for Real-world Underwater Color Restoration and Dehazing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10269.pdf)
>  In real-world underwater environment, exploration of seabed resources, underwater archaeology, and underwater fishing rely on a variety of sensors, vision sensor is the most important one due to its high information content, non-intrusive, and passive nature. However, wavelength-dependent light attenuation and back-scattering result in color distortion and haze effect, which degrade the visibility of images. To address this problem, firstly, we proposed an unsupervised generative adversarial network (GAN) for generating realistic underwater images (color distortion and haze effect) from in-air image and depth map pairs based on improved underwater imaging model. Secondly, U-Net, which is trained efficiently using synthetic underwater dataset, is adopted for color restoration and dehazing. Our model directly reconstructs underwater clear images using end-to-end autoencoder networks, while maintaining scene content structural similarity. The results obtained by our method were compared with existing methods qualitatively and quantitatively. Experimental results obtained by the proposed model demonstrate well performance on open real-world underwater datasets, and the processing speed can reach up to 125FPS running on one NVIDIA 1060 GPU. Source code, sample datasets are made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/infrontofme/UWGAN_UIE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 77.Latent Variables on Spheres for Sampling and Spherical Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10233.pdf)
>  Variational inference is a fundamental problem in Variational Auto-Encoder (VAE). By virtue of high-dimensional geometry, we propose a very simple algorithm completely different from existing ones to solve the inference problem in VAE. We analyze the unique characteristics of random variables on spheres in high dimensions and prove that the Wasserstein distance between two arbitrary datasets randomly drawn from a sphere are nearly identical when the dimension is sufficiently large. Based on our theory, a novel algorithm for distribution-robust sampling is devised. Moreover, we reform the latent space of VAE by constraining latent random variables on the sphere, thus freeing VAE from the approximate optimization pertaining to the variational posterior probability. The new algorithm is named as Spherical Auto-Encoder (SAE), which is in essence the vanilla autoencoder with the spherical constraint on the latent space. The associated inference is called the spherical inference, which is geometrically deterministic but is much more robust to various probabilistic priors than the variational inference in VAE for sampling. The experiments on sampling and inference validate our theoretical analysis and the superiority of SAE. 
### 78.Spatio-Temporal Segmentation in 3D Echocardiographic Sequences using Fractional Brownian Motion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10220.pdf)
>  An important aspect for an improved cardiac functional analysis is the accurate segmentation of the left ventricle (LV). A novel approach for fully-automated segmentation of the LV endocardium and epicardium contours is presented. This is mainly based on the natural physical characteristics of the LV shape structure. Both sides of the LV boundaries exhibit natural elliptical curvatures by having details on various scales, i.e. exhibiting fractal-like characteristics. The fractional Brownian motion (fBm), which is a non-stationary stochastic process, integrates well with the stochastic nature of ultrasound echoes. It has the advantage of representing a wide range of non-stationary signals and can quantify statistical local self-similarity throughout the time-sequence ultrasound images. The locally characterized boundaries of the fBm segmented LV were further iteratively refined using global information by means of second-order moments. The method is benchmarked using synthetic 3D+time echocardiographic sequences for normal and different ischemic cardiomyopathy, and results compared with state-of-the-art LV segmentation. Furthermore, the framework was validated against real data from canine cases with expert-defined segmentations and demonstrated improved accuracy. The fBm-based segmentation algorithm is fully automatic and has the potential to be used clinically together with 3D echocardiography for improved cardiovascular disease diagnosis. 
### 79.Generating Robust Supervision for Learning-Based Visual Navigation Using Hamilton-Jacobi Reachability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10120.pdf)
>  In Bansal et al. (2019), a novel visual navigation framework that combines learning-based and model-based approaches has been proposed. Specifically, a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) predicts a waypoint that is used by the dynamics model for planning and tracking a trajectory to the waypoint. However, the CNN inevitably makes prediction errors, ultimately leading to collisions, especially when the robot is navigating through cluttered and tight spaces. In this paper, we present a novel Hamilton-Jacobi (HJ) reachability-based method to generate supervision for the CNN for waypoint prediction. By modeling the prediction error of the CNN as disturbances in dynamics, the proposed method generates waypoints that are robust to these disturbances, and consequently to the prediction errors. Moreover, using globally optimal HJ reachability analysis leads to predicting waypoints that are time-efficient and do not exhibit greedy behavior. Through simulations and experiments on a hardware testbed, we demonstrate the advantages of the proposed approach for navigation tasks where the robot needs to navigate through cluttered, narrow indoor environments. 
### 80.TentacleNet: A Pseudo-Ensemble Template for Accurate Binary Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10103.pdf)
>  Binarization is an attractive strategy for implementing lightweight Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). Despite the unquestionable savings offered, memory footprint above all, it may induce an excessive accuracy loss that prevents a widespread use. This work elaborates on this aspect introducing TentacleNet, a new template designed to improve the predictive performance of binarized CNNs via parallelization. Inspired by the ensemble learning theory, it consists of a compact topology that is end-to-end trainable and organized to minimize memory utilization. Experimental results collected over three realistic benchmarks show TentacleNet fills the gap left by classical binary models, ensuring substantial memory savings w.r.t. state-of-the-art binary ensemble methods. 
### 81.EAST: Encoding-Aware Sparse Training for Deep Memory Compression of ConvNets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.10087.pdf)
>  The implementation of Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (ConvNets) on tiny end-nodes with limited non-volatile memory space calls for smart compression strategies capable of shrinking the footprint yet preserving predictive accuracy. There exist a number of strategies for this purpose, from those that play with the topology of the model or the arithmetic precision, e.g. pruning and quantization, to those that operate a model agnostic compression, e.g. weight encoding. The tighter the memory constraint, the higher the probability that these techniques alone cannot meet the requirement, hence more awareness and cooperation across different optimizations become mandatory. This work addresses the issue by introducing EAST, Encoding-Aware Sparse Training, a novel memory-constrained training procedure that leads quantized ConvNets towards deep memory compression. EAST implements an adaptive group pruning designed to maximize the compression rate of the weight encoding scheme (the LZ4 algorithm in this work). If compared to existing methods, EAST meets the memory constraint with lower sparsity, hence ensuring higher accuracy. Results conducted on a state-of-the-art ConvNet (ResNet-9) deployed on a low-power microcontroller (ARM Cortex-M4) validate the proposal. 
