# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 13 Dec 2019
### 1.Deep Structured Implicit Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.06126.pdf)
>  The goal of this project is to learn a 3D shape representation that enables accurate surface reconstruction, compact storage, efficient computation, consistency for similar shapes, generalization across diverse shape categories, and inference from depth camera observations. Towards this end, we introduce Deep Structured Implicit Functions (DSIF), a 3D shape representation that decomposes space into a structured set of local deep implicit functions. We provide networks that infer the space decomposition and local deep implicit functions from a 3D mesh or posed depth image. During experiments, we find that it provides 10.3 points higher surface reconstruction accuracy (F-Score) than the state-of-the-art (OccNet), while requiring fewer than 1 percent of the network parameters. Experiments on posed depth image completion and generalization to unseen classes show 15.8 and 17.8 point improvements over the state-of-the-art, while producing a structured 3D representation for each input with consistency across diverse shape collections. Please see our video at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/HCBtG0-EZ2s" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 2.Unified Generative Adversarial Networks for Controllable Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.06112.pdf)
>  Controllable image-to-image translation, i.e., transferring an image from a source domain to a target one guided by controllable structures, has attracted much attention in both academia and industry. In this paper, we propose a unified Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) framework for controllable image-to-image translation. In addition to conditioning on a reference image, we show how the model can generate images conditioned on controllable structures, e.g., class labels, object keypoints, human skeletons and scene semantic maps. The proposed GAN framework consists of a single generator and a discriminator taking a conditional image and the target controllable structure as input. In this way, the conditional image can provide appearance information and the controllable structure can provide the structure information for generating the target result. Moreover, the proposed GAN learns the image-to-image mapping through three novel losses, i.e., color loss, controllable structure-guided cycle-consistency loss and controllable structure-guided self-identity preserving loss. Note that the proposed color loss handles the issue of "channel pollution" when back-propagating the gradients. In addition, we present the Fréchet ResNet Distance (FRD) to evaluate the quality of generated images. Extensive qualitative and quantitative experiments on two challenging image translation tasks with four different datasets demonstrate that the proposed GAN model generates convincing results, and significantly outperforms other state-of-the-art methods on both tasks. Meanwhile, the proposed GAN framework is a unified solution, thus it can be applied to solving other controllable structure-guided image-to-image translation tasks, such as landmark-guided facial expression translation and keypoint-guided person image generation. 
### 3.Photosequencing of Motion Blur using Short and Long Exposures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.06102.pdf)
>  Photosequencing aims to transform a motion blurred image to a sequence of sharp images. This problem is challenging due to the inherent ambiguities in temporal ordering as well as the recovery of lost spatial textures due to blur. Adopting a computational photography approach, we propose to capture two short exposure images, along with the original blurred long exposure image to aid in the aforementioned challenges. Post-capture, we recover the sharp photosequence using a novel blur decomposition strategy that recursively splits the long exposure image into smaller exposure intervals. We validate the approach by capturing a variety of scenes with interesting motions using machine vision cameras programmed to capture short and long exposure sequences. Our experimental results show that the proposed method resolves both fast and fine motions better than prior works. 
### 4.Human Motion Anticipation with Symbolic Label  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.06079.pdf)
>  Anticipating human motion depends on two factors: the past motion and the person's intention. While the first factor has been extensively utilized to forecast short sequences of human motion, the second one remains elusive. In this work we approximate a person's intention via a symbolic representation, for example fine-grained action labels such as walking or sitting down. Forecasting a symbolic representation is much easier than forecasting the full body pose with its complex inter-dependencies. However, knowing the future actions makes forecasting human motion easier. We exploit this connection by first anticipating symbolic labels and then generate human motion, conditioned on the human motion input sequence as well as on the forecast labels. This allows the model to anticipate motion changes many steps ahead and adapt the poses accordingly. We achieve state-of-the-art results on short-term as well as on long-term human motion forecasting. 
### 5.Hue-Net: Intensity-based Image-to-Image Translation with Differentiable Histogram Loss Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.06044.pdf)
>  We present the Hue-Net - a novel Deep Learning framework for Intensity-based Image-to-Image Translation. The key idea is a new technique termed network augmentation which allows a differentiable construction of intensity histograms from images. We further introduce differentiable representations of (1D) cyclic and joint (2D) histograms and use them for defining loss functions based on cyclic Earth Mover's Distance (EMD) and Mutual Information (MI). While the Hue-Net can be applied to several image-to-image translation tasks, we choose to demonstrate its strength on color transfer problems, where the aim is to paint a source image with the colors of a different target image. Note that the desired output image does not exist and therefore cannot be used for supervised pixel-to-pixel learning. This is accomplished by using the HSV color-space and defining an intensity-based loss that is built on the EMD between the cyclic hue histograms of the output and the target images. To enforce color-free similarity between the source and the output images, we define a semantic-based loss by a differentiable approximation of the MI of these images. The incorporation of histogram loss functions in addition to an adversarial loss enables the construction of semantically meaningful and realistic images. Promising results are presented for different datasets. 
### 6.Automated Analysis of Femoral Artery Calcification Using Machine Learning Techniques  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.06010.pdf)
>  We report an object tracking algorithm that combines geometrical constraints, thresholding, and motion detection for tracking of the descending aorta and the network of major arteries that branch from the aorta including the iliac and femoral arteries. Using our automated identification and analysis, arterial system was identified with more than 85% success when compared to human annotation. Furthermore, the reported automated system is capable of producing a stenosis profile, and a calcification score similar to the Agatston score. The use of stenosis and calcification profiles will lead to the development of better-informed diagnostic and prognostic tools. 
### 7.IoU-aware Single-stage Object Detector for Accurate Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05992.pdf)
>  Due to the simpleness and high efficiency, single-stage object detectors have been widely applied in many computer vision applications . However, the low correlation between the classification score and localization accuracy of the predicted detections has severely hurt the localization accuracy of models. In this paper, IoU-aware single-stage object detector is proposed to solve this problem. Specifically, IoU-aware single-stage object detector predicts the IoU between the regressed box and the ground truth box. Then the classification score and predicted IoU are multiplied to compute the detection confidence, which is highly correlated with the localization accuracy. The detection confidence is then used as the input of NMS and COCO AP computation, which will substantially improve the localization accuracy of models. Sufficient experiments on COCO and PASCAL VOC dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of IoU-aware single-stage object detector on improving the localization accuracy. Without whistles and bells, the proposed method can substantially improve AP by $1.0\%\sim1.6\%$ on COCO \textit{test-dev} and $1.1\%\sim2.2\%$ on PASCAL VOC2007 test compared with the baseline. The improvement for AP at higher IoU threshold($0.7\sim0.9$) is $1.7\%\sim2.3\%$ on COCO \textit{test-dev} and $1.0\%\sim4.2\%$ PASCAL VOC2007 test. The source code will be made publicly available. 
### 8.Occlusion-robust Online Multi-object Visual Tracking using a GM-PHD Filter with a CNN-based Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05949.pdf)
>  We propose a novel online multi-object visual tracking algorithm via a tracking-by-detection paradigm using a Gaussian mixture Probability Hypothesis Density (GM-PHD) filter and deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) appearance representations learning. The GM-PHD filter has a linear complexity with the number of objects and observations while estimating the states and cardinality of unknown and time-varying number of objects in the scene. Though it handles object birth, death and clutter in a unified framework, it is susceptible to miss-detections and does not include the identity of objects. We use visual-spatio-temporal information obtained from object bounding boxes and deeply learned appearance representations to perform estimates-to-tracks data association for labelling of each target. We learn the deep CNN appearance representations by training an identification network (IdNet) on large-scale person re-identification data sets. We also employ additional unassigned tracks prediction after the update step to overcome the susceptibility of the GM-PHD filter towards miss-detections caused by occlusion. Our tracker which runs in real-time is applied to track multiple objects in video sequences acquired under varying environmental conditions and objects density. Lastly, we make extensive evaluations on Multiple Object Tracking 2016 (MOT16) and 2017 (MOT17) benchmark data sets and find out that our online tracker significantly outperforms several state-of-the-art trackers in terms of tracking accuracy and identification. 
### 9.MAGSAC++, a fast, reliable and accurate robust estimator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05909.pdf)
>  A new method for robust estimation, MAGSAC++, is proposed. It introduces a new model quality (scoring) function that does not require the inlier-outlier decision, and a novel marginalization procedure formulated as an iteratively re-weighted least-squares approach. We also propose a new sampler, Progressive NAPSAC, for RANSAC-like robust estimators. Exploiting the fact that nearby points often originate from the same model in real-world data, it finds local structures earlier than global samplers. The progressive transition from local to global sampling does not suffer from the weaknesses of purely localized samplers. On six publicly available real-world datasets for homography and fundamental matrix fitting, MAGSAC++ produces results superior to state-of-the-art robust methods. It is faster, more geometrically accurate and fails less often. 
### 10.LatticeNet: Fast Point Cloud Segmentation Using Permutohedral Lattices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05905.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have shown outstanding performance in the task of semantically segmenting images. However, applying the same methods on 3D data still poses challenges due to the heavy memory requirements and the lack of structured data. Here, we propose LatticeNet, a novel approach for 3D semantic segmentation, which takes as input raw point clouds. A PointNet describes the local geometry which we embed into a sparse permutohedral lattice. The lattice allows for fast convolutions while keeping a low memory footprint. Further, we introduce DeformSlice, a novel learned data-dependent interpolation for projecting lattice features back onto the point cloud. We present results of 3D segmentation on various datasets where our method achieves state-of-the-art performance. 
### 11.Variational Coupling Revisited: Simpler Models, Theoretical Connections, and Novel Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05888.pdf)
>  Variational models with coupling terms are becoming increasingly popular in image analysis. They involve auxiliary variables, such that their energy minimisation splits into multiple fractional steps that can be solved easier and more efficiently. In our paper we show that coupling models offer a number of interesting properties that go far beyond their obvious numerical benefits. We demonstrate that discontinuity-preserving denoising can be achieved even with quadratic data and smoothness terms, provided that the coupling term involves the $L^1$ norm. We show that such an $L^1$ coupling term provides additional information as a powerful edge detector that has remained unexplored so far. While coupling models in the literature approximate higher order regularisation, we argue that already first order coupling models can be useful. As a specific example, we present a first order coupling model that outperforms classical TV regularisation. It also establishes a theoretical connection between TV regularisation and the Mumford-Shah segmentation approach. Unlike other Mumford-Shah algorithms, it is a strictly convex approximation, for which we can guarantee convergence of a split Bregman algorithm. 
### 12.Totally Deep Support Vector Machines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05864.pdf)
>  Support vector machines (SVMs) have been successful in solving many computer vision tasks including image and video category recognition especially for small and mid-scale training problems. The principle of these non-parametric models is to learn hyperplanes that separate data belonging to different classes while maximizing their margins. However, SVMs constrain the learned hyperplanes to lie in the span of support vectors, fixed/taken from training data, and this reduces their representational power and may lead to limited generalization performances. In this paper, we relax this constraint and allow the support vectors to be learned (instead of being fixed/taken from training data) in order to better fit a given classification task. Our approach, referred to as deep total variation support vector machines, is parametric and relies on a novel deep architecture that learns not only the SVM and the kernel parameters but also the support vectors, resulting into highly effective classifiers. We also show (under a particular setting of the activation functions in this deep architecture) that a large class of kernels and their combinations can be learned. Experiments conducted on the challenging task of skeleton-based action recognition show the outperformance of our deep total variation SVMs w.r.t different baselines as well as the related work. 
### 13.The Benefits of Close-Domain Fine-Tuning for Table Detection in Document Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05846.pdf)
>  A correct localisation of tables in a document is instrumental for determining their structure and extracting their contents; therefore, table detection is a key step in table understanding. Nowadays, the most successful methods for table detection in document images employ deep learning algorithms; and, particularly, a technique known as fine-tuning. In this context, such a technique exports the knowledge acquired to detect objects in natural images to detect tables in document images. However, there is only a vague relation between natural and document images, and fine-tuning works better when there is a close relation between the source and target task. In this paper, we show that it is more beneficial to employ fine-tuning from a closer domain. To this aim, we train different object detection algorithms (namely, Mask R-CNN, RetinaNet, SSD and YOLO) using the TableBank dataset (a dataset of images of academic documents designed for table detection and recognition), and fine-tune them for several heterogeneous table detection datasets. Using this approach, we considerably improve the accuracy of the detection models fine-tuned from natural images (in mean a 17%, and, in the best case, up to a 60%). 
### 14.Local Context Normalization: Revisiting Local Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05845.pdf)
>  Normalization layers have been shown to improve convergence in deep neural networks. In many vision applications the local spatial context of the features is important, but most common normalization schemes includingGroup Normalization (GN), Instance Normalization (IN), and Layer Normalization (LN) normalize over the entire spatial dimension of a feature. This can wash out important signals and degrade performance. For example, in applications that use satellite imagery, input images can be arbitrarily large; consequently, it is nonsensical to normalize over the entire area. Positional Normalization (PN), on the other hand, only normalizes over a single spatial position at a time. A natural compromise is to normalize features by local context, while also taking into account group level information. In this paper, we propose Local Context Normalization (LCN): a normalization layer where every feature is normalized based on a window around it and the filters in its group. We propose an algorithmic solution to make LCN efficient for arbitrary window sizes, even if every point in the image has a unique window. LCN outperforms its Batch Normalization (BN), GN, IN, and LN counterparts for object detection, semantic segmentation, and instance segmentation applications in several benchmark datasets, while keeping performance independent of the batch size and facilitating transfer learning. 
### 15.Zooming into Face Forensics: A Pixel-level Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05790.pdf)
>  The stunning progress in face manipulation methods has made it possible to synthesize realistic fake face images, which poses potential threats to our society. It is urgent to have face forensics techniques to distinguish those tampered images. A large scale dataset "FaceForensics++" has provided enormous training data generated from prominent face manipulation methods to facilitate anti-fake research. However, previous works focus more on casting it as a classification problem by only considering a global prediction. Through investigation to the problem, we find that training a classification network often fails to capture high quality features, which might lead to sub-optimal solutions. In this paper, we zoom in on the problem by conducting a pixel-level analysis, i.e. formulating it as a pixel-level segmentation task. By evaluating multiple architectures on both segmentation and classification tasks, We show the superiority of viewing the problem from a segmentation perspective. Different ablation studies are also performed to investigate what makes an effective and efficient anti-fake model. Strong baselines are also established, which, we hope, could shed some light on the field of face forensics. 
### 16.One Framework to Register Them All: PointNet Encoding for Point Cloud Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05766.pdf)
>  PointNet has recently emerged as a popular representation for unstructured point cloud data, allowing application of deep learning to tasks such as object detection, segmentation and shape completion. However, recent works in literature have shown the sensitivity of the PointNet representation to pose misalignment. This paper presents a novel framework that uses PointNet encoding to align point clouds and perform registration for applications such as 3D reconstruction, tracking and pose estimation. We develop a framework that compares PointNet features of template and source point clouds to find the transformation that aligns them accurately. In doing so, we avoid computationally expensive correspondence finding steps, that are central to popular registration methods such as ICP and its variants. Depending on the prior information about the shape of the object formed by the point clouds, our framework can produce approaches that are shape specific or general to unseen shapes. Our framework produces approaches that are robust to noise and initial misalignment in data and work robustly with sparse as well as partial point clouds. We perform extensive simulation and real-world experiments to validate the efficacy of our approach and compare the performance with state-of-art approaches. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/vinits5/pointnet-registrationframework" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 17.CCCNet: An Attention Based Deep Learning Framework for Categorized Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05765.pdf)
>  Crowd counting problem that counts the number of people in an image has been extensively studied in recent years. In this paper, we introduce a new variant of crowd counting problem, namely "Categorized Crowd Counting", that counts the number of people sitting and standing in a given image. Categorized crowd counting has many real-world applications such as crowd monitoring, customer service, and resource management. The major challenges in categorized crowd counting come from high occlusion, perspective distortion and the seemingly identical upper body posture of sitting and standing persons. Existing density map based approaches perform well to approximate a large crowd, but lose important local information necessary for categorization. On the other hand, traditional detection-based approaches perform poorly in occluded environments, especially when the crowd size gets bigger. Hence, to solve the categorized crowd counting problem, we develop a novel attention-based deep learning framework that addresses the above limitations. In particular, our approach works in three phases: i) We first generate basic detection based sitting and standing density maps to capture the local information; ii) Then, we generate a crowd counting based density map as global counting feature; iii) Finally, we have a cross-branch segregating refinement phase that splits the crowd density map into final sitting and standing density maps using attention mechanism. Extensive experiments show the efficacy of our approach in solving the categorized crowd counting problem. 
### 18.GPRInvNet: Deep Learning-Based Ground Penetrating Radar Data Inversion for Tunnel Lining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05759.pdf)
>  A DNN architecture called GPRInvNet is proposed to tackle the challenge of mapping Ground Penetrating Radar (GPR) B-Scan data to complex permittivity maps of subsurface structure. GPRInvNet consists of a trace-to-trace encoder and a decoder. It is specially designed to take account of the characteristics of GPR inversion when faced with complex GPR B-Scan data as well as addressing the spatial alignment issue between time-series B-Scan data and spatial permittivity maps. It fuses features from several adjacent traces on the B-Scan data to enhance each trace, and then further condense the features of each trace separately. The sensitive zone on the permittivity map spatially aligned to the enhanced trace is reconstructed accurately. GPRInvNet has been utilized to reconstruct the permittivity map of tunnel linings. A diverse range of dielectric models of tunnel lining containing complex defects has been reconstructed using GPRInvNet, and results demonstrate that GPRInvNet is capable of effectively reconstructing complex tunnel lining defects with clear boundaries. Comparative results with existing baseline methods also demonstrate the superiority of the GPRInvNet. To generalize GPRInvNet to real GPR data, we integrated background noise patches recorded form a practical model testing into synthetic GPR data to train GPRInvNet. The model testing has been conducted for validation, and experimental results show that GPRInvNet achieves satisfactory results on real data. 
### 19.Estimating 3D Camera Pose from 2D Pedestrian Trajectories  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05758.pdf)
>  We consider the task of re-calibrating the 3D pose of a static surveillance camera, whose pose may change due to external forces, such as birds, wind, falling objects or earthquakes. Conventionally, camera pose estimation can be solved with a PnP (Perspective-n-Point) method using 2D-to-3D feature correspondences, when 3D points are known. However, 3D point annotations are not always available or practical to obtain in real-world applications. We propose an alternative strategy for extracting 3D information to solve for camera pose by using pedestrian trajectories. We observe that 2D pedestrian trajectories indirectly contain useful 3D information that can be used for inferring camera pose. To leverage this information, we propose a data-driven approach by training a neural network (NN) regressor to model a direct mapping from 2D pedestrian trajectories projected on the image plane to 3D camera pose. We demonstrate that our regressor trained only on synthetic data can be directly applied to real data, thus eliminating the need to label any real data. We evaluate our method across six different scenes from the Town Centre Street and DUKEMTMC datasets. Our method achieves an average location error of $0.22m$ and orientation error of $1.97^\circ$. 
### 20.Meaning guided video captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05730.pdf)
>  Current video captioning approaches often suffer from problems of missing objects in the video to be described, while generating captions semantically similar with ground truth sentences. In this paper, we propose a new approach to video captioning that can describe objects detected by object detection, and generate captions having similar meaning with correct captions. Our model relies on S2VT, a sequence-to-sequence model for video captioning. Given a sequence of video frames, the encoding RNN takes a frame as well as detected objects in the frame in order to incorporate the information of the objects in the scene. The following decoding RNN outputs are then fed into an attention layer and then to a decoder for generating captions. The caption is compared with the ground truth by learning metric so that vector representations of generated captions are semantically similar to those of ground truth. Experimental results with the MSDV dataset demonstrate that the performance of the proposed approach is much better than the model without the proposed meaning-guided framework, showing the effectiveness of the proposed model. Code are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/captanlevi/Meaning-guided-video-captioning-" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 21.Improved Activity Forecasting for Generating Trajectories  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05729.pdf)
>  An efficient inverse reinforcement learning for generating trajectories is proposed based of 2D and 3D activity forecasting. We modify reward function with $L_p$ norm and propose convolution into value iteration steps, which is called convolutional value iteration. Experimental results with seabird trajectories (43 for training and 10 for test), our method is best in terms of MHD error and performs fastest. Generated trajectories for interpolating missing parts of trajectories look much similar to real seabird trajectories than those by the previous works. 
### 22.Semantic segmentation of trajectories with improved agent models for pedestrian behavior analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05727.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a method for semantic segmentation of pedestrian trajectories based on pedestrian behavior models, or agents. The agents model the dynamics of pedestrian movements in two-dimensional space using a linear dynamics model and common start and goal locations of trajectories. First, agent models are estimated from the trajectories obtained from image sequences. Our method is built on top of the Mixture model of Dynamic pedestrian Agents (MDA); however, the MDA's trajectory modeling and estimation are improved. Then, the trajectories are divided into semantically meaningful segments. The subsegments of a trajectory are modeled by applying a hidden Markov model using the estimated agent models. Experimental results with a real trajectory dataset show the effectiveness of the proposed method as compared to the well-known classical Ramer-Douglas-Peucker algorithm and also to the original MDA model. 
### 23.Online Deep Reinforcement Learning for Autonomous UAV Navigation and Exploration of Outdoor Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05684.pdf)
>  With the rapidly growing expansion in the use of UAVs, the ability to autonomously navigate in varying environments and weather conditions remains a highly desirable but as-of-yet unsolved challenge. In this work, we use Deep Reinforcement Learning to continuously improve the learning and understanding of a UAV agent while exploring a partially observable environment, which simulates the challenges faced in a real-life scenario. Our innovative approach uses a double state-input strategy that combines the acquired knowledge from the raw image and a map containing positional information. This positional data aids the network understanding of where the UAV has been and how far it is from the target position, while the feature map from the current scene highlights cluttered areas that are to be avoided. Our approach is extensively tested using variants of Deep Q-Network adapted to cope with double state input data. Further, we demonstrate that by altering the reward and the Q-value function, the agent is capable of consistently outperforming the adapted Deep Q-Network, Double Deep Q- Network and Deep Recurrent Q-Network. Our results demonstrate that our proposed Extended Double Deep Q-Network (EDDQN) approach is capable of navigating through multiple unseen environments and under severe weather conditions. 
### 24.Robust Gabor Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05661.pdf)
>  This work takes a step towards investigating the benefits of merging classical vision techniques with deep learning models. Formally, we explore the effect of replacing the first layers of neural network architectures with convolutional layers that are based on Gabor filters with learnable parameters. As a first result, we observe that architectures utilizing Gabor filters as low-level kernels are capable of preserving test set accuracy of deep convolutional networks. Therefore, this architectural change exalts their capabilities in extracting useful low-level features. Furthermore, we observe that the architectures enhanced with Gabor layers gain advantages in terms of robustness when compared to the regular models. Additionally, the existence of a closed mathematical expression for the Gabor kernels allows us to develop an analytical expression for an upper bound to the Lipschitz constant of the Gabor layer. This expression allows us to propose a simple regularizer to enhance the robustness of the network. We conduct extensive experiments with several architectures and datasets, and show the beneficial effects that the introduction of Gabor layers has on the robustness of deep convolutional networks. 
### 25.VIBE: Video Inference for Human Body Pose and Shape Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05656.pdf)
>  Human motion is fundamental to understanding behavior. Despite progress on single-image 3D pose and shape estimation, existing video-based state-of-the-art methods fail to produce accurate and natural motion sequences due to a lack of ground-truth 3D motion data for training. To address this problem, we propose Video Inference for Body Pose and Shape Estimation (VIBE), which makes use of an existing large-scale motion capture dataset (AMASS) together with unpaired, in-the-wild, 2D keypoint annotations. Our key novelty is an adversarial learning framework that leverages AMASS to discriminate between real human motions and those produced by our temporal pose and shape regression networks. We define a temporal network architecture and show that adversarial training, at the sequence level, produces kinematically plausible motion sequences without in-the-wild ground-truth 3D labels. We perform extensive experimentation to analyze the importance of motion and demonstrate the effectiveness of VIBE on challenging 3D pose estimation datasets, achieving state-of-the-art performance. Code and pretrained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mkocabas/VIBE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 26.deepsing: Generating Sentiment-aware Visual Stories using Cross-modal Music Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05654.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a deep learning method for performing attributed-based music-to-image translation. The proposed method is applied for synthesizing visual stories according to the sentiment expressed by songs. The generated images aim to induce the same feelings to the viewers, as the original song does, reinforcing the primary aim of music, i.e., communicating feelings. The process of music-to-image translation poses unique challenges, mainly due to the unstable mapping between the different modalities involved in this process. In this paper, we employ a trainable cross-modal translation method to overcome this limitation, leading to the first, to the best of our knowledge, deep learning method for generating sentiment-aware visual stories. Various aspects of the proposed method are extensively evaluated and discussed using different songs. 
### 27.CineFilter: Unsupervised Filtering for Real Time Autonomous Camera Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05636.pdf)
>  Learning to mimic the smooth and deliberate camera movement of a human cameraman is an essential requirement for autonomous camera systems. This paper presents a novel formulation for online and real-time estimation of smooth camera trajectories. Many works have focused on global optimization of the trajectory to produce an offline output. Some recent works have tried to extend this to the online setting, but lack either in the quality of the camera trajectories or need large labeled datasets to train their supervised model. We propose two models, one a convex optimization based approach and another a CNN based model, both of which can exploit the temporal trends in the camera behavior. Our model is built in an unsupervised way without any ground truth trajectories and is robust to noisy outliers. We evaluate our models on two different settings namely a basketball dataset and a stage performance dataset and compare against multiple baselines and past approaches. Our models outperform other methods on quantitative and qualitative metrics and produce smooth camera trajectories that are motivated by cinematographic principles. These models can also be easily adopted to run in real-time with a low computational cost, making them fit for a variety of applications. 
### 28.Discriminative Dimension Reduction based on Mutual Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05631.pdf)
>  The "curse of dimensionality" is a well-known problem in pattern recognition. A widely used approach to tackling the problem is a group of subspace methods, where the original features are projected onto a new space. The lower dimensional subspace is then used to approximate the original features for classification. However, most subspace methods were not originally developed for classification. We believe that direct adoption of these subspace methods for pattern classification should not be considered best practice. In this paper, we present a new information theory based algorithm for selecting subspaces, which can always result in superior performance over conventional methods. This paper makes the following main contributions: i) it improves a common practice widely used by practitioners in the field of pattern recognition, ii) it develops an information theory based technique for systematically selecting the subspaces that are discriminative and therefore are suitable for pattern recognition/classification purposes, iii) it presents extensive experimental results on a variety of computer vision and pattern recognition tasks to illustrate that the subspaces selected based on maximum mutual information criterion will always enhance performance regardless of the classification techniques used. 
### 29.Simultaneous Detection and Removal of Dynamic Objects in Multi-view Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05591.pdf)
>  Consider a set of images of a scene consisting of moving objects captured using a hand-held camera. In this work, we propose an algorithm which takes this set of multi-view images as input, detects the dynamic objects present in the scene, and replaces them with the static regions which are being occluded by them. The proposed algorithm scans the reference image in the row-major order at the pixel level and classifies each pixel as static or dynamic. During the scan, when a pixel is classified as dynamic, the proposed algorithm replaces that pixel value with the corresponding pixel value of the static region which is being occluded by that dynamic region. We show that we achieve artifact-free removal of dynamic objects in multi-view images of several real-world scenes. To the best of our knowledge, we propose the first method which simultaneously detects and removes the dynamic objects present in multi-view images. 
### 30.Object Recognition with Human in the Loop Intelligent Frameworks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05575.pdf)
>  Classifiers embedded within human in the loop visual object recognition frameworks commonly utilise two sources of information: one derived directly from the imagery data of an object, and the other obtained interactively from user interactions. These computer vision frameworks exploit human high-level cognitive power to tackle particularly difficult visual object recognition tasks. In this paper, we present innovative techniques to combine the two sources of information intelligently for the purpose of improving recognition accuracy. We firstly employ standard algorithms to build two classifiers for the two sources independently, and subsequently fuse the outputs from these classifiers to make a conclusive decision. The two fusion techniques proposed are: i) a modified naive Bayes algorithm that adaptively selects an individual classifier's output or combines both to produce a definite answer, and ii) a neural network based algorithm which feeds the outputs of the two classifiers to a 4-layer feedforward network to generate a final output. We present extensive experimental results on 4 challenging visual recognition tasks to illustrate that the new intelligent techniques consistently outperform traditional approaches to fusing the two sources of information. 
### 31.Neural Voice Puppetry: Audio-driven Facial Reenactment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05566.pdf)
>  We present Neural Voice Puppetry, a novel approach for audio-driven facial video synthesis. Given an audio sequence of a source person or digital assistant, we generate a photo-realistic output video of a target person that is in sync with the audio of the source input. This audio-driven facial reenactment is driven by a deep neural network that employs a latent 3D face model space. Through the underlying 3D representation, the model inherently learns temporal stability while we leverage neural rendering to generate photo-realistic output frames. Our approach generalizes across different people, allowing us to synthesize videos of a target actor with the voice of any unknown source actor or even synthetic voices that can be generated utilizing standard text-to-speech approaches. Neural Voice Puppetry has a variety of use-cases, including audio-driven video avatars, video dubbing, and text-driven video synthesis of a talking head. We demonstrate the capabilities of our method in a series of audio- and text-based puppetry examples. Our method is not only more general than existing works since we are generic to the input person, but we also show superior visual and lip sync quality compared to photo-realistic audio- and video-driven reenactment techniques. 
### 32.Coronary Artery Plaque Characterization from CCTA Scans using Deep Learning and Radiomics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.06075.pdf)
>  Assessing coronary artery plaque segments in coronary CT angiography scans is an important task to improve patient management and clinical outcomes, as it can help to decide whether invasive investigation and treatment are necessary. In this work, we present three machine learning approaches capable of performing this task. The first approach is based on radiomics, where a plaque segmentation is used to calculate various shape-, intensity- and texture-based features under different image transformations. A second approach is based on deep learning and relies on centerline extraction as sole prerequisite. In the third approach, we fuse the deep learning approach with radiomic features. On our data the methods reached similar scores as simulated fractional flow reserve (FFR) measurements, which - in contrast to our methods - requires an exact segmentation of the whole coronary tree and often time-consuming manual interaction. In literature, the performance of simulated FFR reaches an AUC between 0.79-0.93 predicting an abnormal invasive FFR that demands revascularization. The radiomics approach achieves an AUC of 0.84, the deep learning approach 0.86 and the combined method 0.88 for predicting the revascularization decision directly. While all three proposed methods can be determined within seconds, the FFR simulation typically takes several minutes. Provided representative training data in sufficient quantities, we believe that the presented methods can be used to create systems for fully automatic non-invasive risk assessment for a variety of adverse cardiac events. 
### 33.Efficient Per-Example Gradient Computations in Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.06015.pdf)
>  Deep learning frameworks leverage GPUs to perform massively-parallel computations over batches of many training examples efficiently. However, for certain tasks, one may be interested in performing per-example computations, for instance using per-example gradients to evaluate a quantity of interest unique to each example. One notable application comes from the field of differential privacy, where per-example gradients must be norm-bounded in order to limit the impact of each example on the aggregated batch gradient. In this work, we discuss how per-example gradients can be efficiently computed in convolutional neural networks (CNNs). We compare existing strategies by performing a few steps of differentially-private training on CNNs of varying sizes. We also introduce a new strategy for per-example gradient calculation, which is shown to be advantageous depending on the model architecture and how the model is trained. This is a first step in making differentially-private training of CNNs practical. 
### 34.An Approach to Super-Resolution of Sentinel-2 Images Based on Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.06013.pdf)
>  This paper presents a Generative Adversarial Network based super-resolution (SR) approach (which is called as S2GAN) to enhance the spatial resolution of Sentinel-2 spectral bands. The proposed approach consists of two main steps. The first step aims to increase the spatial resolution of 20m and 60m bands by the scaling factor of 2 and 6, respectively. To this end, we introduce a generator network that performs SR on the lower resolution bands with the guidance of 10m bands by utilizing the convolutional layers with residual connections and a long skip-connection between inputs and outputs. The second step aims to distinguish SR bands from their ground truth bands. This is achieved by the proposed discriminator network, which alternately characterizes the high level features of the two sets of bands and applying binary classification on the extracted features. Then, we formulate the adversarial learning of the generator and discriminator networks as a min-max game. In this learning procedure, the generator aims to produce realistic SR bands as much as possible so that the discriminator will incorrectly classify SR bands. Experimental results obtained on different Sentinel-2 images show the effectiveness of the proposed approach compared to both conventional and deep learning based SR approaches. 
### 35.A Saliency Dataset of Head and Eye Movements for Augmented Reality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05971.pdf)
>  In augmented reality (AR), correct and precise estimations of user's visual fixations and head movements can enhance the quality of experience by allocating more computation resources for the analysing, rendering and 3D registration on the areas of interest. However, there is no research about understanding the visual exploration of users when using an AR system or modeling AR visual attention. To bridge the gap between the real-world scene and the scene augmented by virtual information, we construct the ARVR saliency dataset with 100 diverse videos evaluated by 20 people. The virtual reality (VR) technique is employed to simulate the real-world, and annotations of object recognition and tracking as augmented contents are blended into the omnidirectional videos. Users can get the sense of experiencing AR when watching the augmented videos. The saliency annotations of head and eye movements for both original and augmented videos are collected which constitute the ARVR dataset. 
### 36.SegTHOR: Segmentation of Thoracic Organs at Risk in CT images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05950.pdf)
>  In the era of open science, public datasets, along with common experimental protocol, help in the process of designing and validating data science algorithms; they also contribute to ease reproductibility and fair comparison between methods. Many datasets for image segmentation are available, each presenting its own challenges; however just a very few exist for radiotherapy planning. This paper is the presentation of a new dataset dedicated to the segmentation of organs at risk (OARs) in the thorax, i.e. the organs surrounding the tumour that must be preserved from irradiations during radiotherapy. This dataset is called SegTHOR (Segmentation of THoracic Organs at Risk). In this dataset, the OARs are the heart, the trachea, the aorta and the esophagus, which have varying spatial and appearance characteristics. The dataset includes 60 3D CT scans, divided into a training set of 40 and a test set of 20 patients, where the OARs have been contoured manually by an experienced radiotherapist. Along with the dataset, we present some baseline results, obtained using both the original, state-of-the-art architecture U-Net and a simplified version. We investigate different configurations of this baseline architecture that will serve as comparison for future studies on the SegTHOR dataset. Preliminary results show that room for improvement is left, especially for smallest organs. 
### 37.STEERAGE: Synthesis of Neural Networks Using Architecture Search and Grow-and-Prune Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05831.pdf)
>  Neural networks (NNs) have been successfully deployed in many applications. However, architectural design of these models is still a challenging problem. Moreover, neural networks are known to have a lot of redundancy. This increases the computational cost of inference and poses an obstacle to deployment on Internet-of-Thing sensors and edge devices. To address these challenges, we propose the STEERAGE synthesis methodology. It consists of two complementary approaches: efficient architecture search, and grow-and-prune NN synthesis. The first step, covered in a global search module, uses an accuracy predictor to efficiently navigate the architectural search space. The predictor is built using boosted decision tree regression, iterative sampling, and efficient evolutionary search. The second step involves local search. By using various grow-and-prune methodologies for synthesizing convolutional and feed-forward NNs, it reduces the network redundancy, while boosting its performance. We have evaluated STEERAGE performance on various datasets, including MNIST and CIFAR-10. On MNIST dataset, our CNN architecture achieves an error rate of 0.66%, with 8.6x fewer parameters compared to the LeNet-5 baseline. For the CIFAR-10 dataset, we used the ResNet architectures as the baseline. Our STEERAGE-synthesized ResNet-18 has a 2.52% accuracy improvement over the original ResNet-18, 1.74% over ResNet-101, and 0.16% over ResNet-1001, while having comparable number of parameters and FLOPs to the original ResNet-18. This shows that instead of just increasing the number of layers to increase accuracy, an alternative is to use a better NN architecture with fewer layers. In addition, STEERAGE achieves an error rate of just 3.86% with a variant of ResNet architecture with 40 layers. To the best of our knowledge, this is the highest accuracy obtained by ResNet-based architectures on the CIFAR-10 dataset. 
### 38.IterNet: Retinal Image Segmentation Utilizing Structural Redundancy in Vessel Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05763.pdf)
>  Retinal vessel segmentation is of great interest for diagnosis of retinal vascular diseases. To further improve the performance of vessel segmentation, we propose IterNet, a new model based on UNet, with the ability to find obscured details of the vessel from the segmented vessel image itself, rather than the raw input image. IterNet consists of multiple iterations of a mini-UNet, which can be 4$\times$ deeper than the common UNet. IterNet also adopts the weight-sharing and skip-connection features to facilitate training; therefore, even with such a large architecture, IterNet can still learn from merely 10$\sim$20 labeled images, without pre-training or any prior knowledge. IterNet achieves AUCs of 0.9816, 0.9851, and 0.9881 on three mainstream datasets, namely DRIVE, CHASE-DB1, and STARE, respectively, which currently are the best scores in the literature. The source code is available. 
### 39.What it Thinks is Important is Important: Robustness Transfers through Input Gradients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05699.pdf)
>  Adversarial perturbations are imperceptible changes to input pixels that can change the prediction of deep learning models. Learned weights of models robust to such perturbations are previously found to be transferable across different tasks but this applies only if the model architecture for the source and target tasks is the same. Input gradients characterize how small changes at each input pixel affect the model output. Using only natural images, we show here that training a student model's input gradients to match those of a robust teacher model can gain robustness close to a strong baseline that is robustly trained from scratch. Through experiments in MNIST, CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and Tiny-ImageNet, we show that our proposed method, input gradient adversarial matching, can transfer robustness across different tasks and even across different model architectures. This demonstrates that directly targeting the semantics of input gradients is a feasible way towards adversarial robustness. 
### 40.Learned Variable-Rate Image Compression with Residual Divisive Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05688.pdf)
>  Recently it has been shown that deep learning-based image compression has shown the potential to outperform traditional codecs. However, most existing methods train multiple networks for multiple bit rates, which increases the implementation complexity. In this paper, we propose a variable-rate image compression framework, which employs more Generalized Divisive Normalization (GDN) layers than previous GDN-based methods. Novel GDN-based residual sub-networks are also developed in the encoder and decoder networks. Our scheme also uses a stochastic rounding-based scalable quantization. To further improve the performance, we encode the residual between the input and the reconstructed image from the decoder network as an enhancement layer. To enable a single model to operate with different bit rates and to learn multi-rate image features, a new objective function is introduced. Experimental results show that the proposed framework trained with variable-rate objective function outperforms all standard codecs such as H.265/HEVC-based BPG and state-of-the-art learning-based variable-rate methods. 
### 41.REFINED (REpresentation of Features as Images with NEighborhood Dependencies): A novel feature representation for Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05687.pdf)
>  Deep learning with Convolutional Neural Networks has shown great promise in various areas of image-based classification and enhancement but is often unsuitable for predictive modeling involving non-image based features or features without spatial correlations. We present a novel approach for representation of high dimensional feature vector in a compact image form, termed REFINED (REpresentation of Features as Images with NEighborhood Dependencies), that is conducible for convolutional neural network based deep learning. We consider the correlations between features to generate a compact representation of the features in the form of a two-dimensional image using minimization of pairwise distances similar to multi-dimensional scaling. We hypothesize that this approach enables embedded feature selection and integrated with Convolutional Neural Network based Deep Learning can produce more accurate predictions as compared to Artificial Neural Networks, Random Forests and Support Vector Regression. We illustrate the superior predictive performance of the proposed representation, as compared to existing approaches, using synthetic datasets, cell line efficacy prediction based on drug chemical descriptors for NCI60 dataset and drug sensitivity prediction based on transcriptomic data and chemical descriptors using GDSC dataset. Results illustrated on both synthetic and biological datasets shows the higher prediction accuracy of the proposed framework as compared to existing methodologies while maintaining desirable properties in terms of bias and feature extraction. 
### 42.A Billion Ways to Grasp: An Evaluation of Grasp Sampling Schemes on a Dense, Physics-based Grasp Data Set  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.05604.pdf)
>  Robot grasping is often formulated as a learning problem. With the increasing speed and quality of physics simulations, generating large-scale grasping data sets that feed learning algorithms is becoming more and more popular. An often overlooked question is how to generate the grasps that make up these data sets. In this paper, we review, classify, and compare different grasp sampling strategies. Our evaluation is based on a fine-grained discretization of SE(3) and uses physics-based simulation to evaluate the quality and robustness of the corresponding parallel-jaw grasps. Specifically, we consider more than 1 billion grasps for each of the 21 objects from the YCB data set. This dense data set lets us evaluate existing sampling schemes w.r.t. their bias and efficiency. Our experiments show that some popular sampling schemes contain significant bias and do not cover all possible ways an object can be grasped. 
