# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 2 Dec 2019
### 1.What's Hidden in a Randomly Weighted Neural Network?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13299.pdf)
>  Training a neural network is synonymous with learning the values of the weights. In contrast, we demonstrate that randomly weighted neural networks contain subnetworks which achieve impressive performance without ever training the weight values. Hidden in a randomly weighted Wide ResNet-50 we show that there is a subnetwork (with random weights) that is smaller than, but matches the performance of a ResNet-34 trained on ImageNet. Not only do these "untrained subnetworks" exist, but we provide an algorithm to effectively find them. We empirically show that as randomly weighted neural networks with fixed weights grow wider and deeper, an "untrained subnetwork" approaches a network with learned weights in accuracy. 
### 2.Domain-invariant Stereo Matching Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13287.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art stereo matching networks have difficulties in generalizing to new unseen environments due to significant domain differences, such as color, illumination, contrast, and texture. In this paper, we aim at designing a domain-invariant stereo matching network (DSMNet) that generalizes well to unseen scenes. To achieve this goal, we propose i) a novel "domain normalization" approach that regularizes the distribution of learned representations to allow them to be invariant to domain differences, and ii) a trainable non-local graph-based filter for extracting robust structural and geometric representations that can further enhance domain-invariant generalizations. When trained on synthetic data and generalized to real test sets, our model performs significantly better than all state-of-the-art models. It even outperforms some deep learning models (e.g. MC-CNN) fine-tuned with test-domain data. 
### 3.Unpaired Image Translation via Adaptive Convolution-based Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13271.pdf)
>  Disentangling content and style information of an image has played an important role in recent success in image translation. In this setting, how to inject given style into an input image containing its own content is an important issue, but existing methods followed relatively simple approaches, leaving room for improvement especially when incorporating significant style changes. In response, we propose an advanced normalization technique based on adaptive convolution (AdaCoN), in order to properly impose style information into the content of an input image. In detail, after locally standardizing the content representation in a channel-wise manner, AdaCoN performs adaptive convolution where the convolution filter weights are dynamically estimated using the encoded style representation. The flexibility of AdaCoN can handle complicated image translation tasks involving significant style changes. Our qualitative and quantitative experiments demonstrate the superiority of our proposed method against various existing approaches that inject the style into the content. 
### 4.Using Fully Convolutional Neural Networks to detect manipulated images in videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13269.pdf)
>  We propose a compact architecture based on fully convolutional neural networks (FCN) to detect manipulated images of human faces. In contrast to existing FCN architectures for classification, here the final layer feature map exhibits large spatial dimensions with non-global receptive field. The final layer features are spatially averaged using global average pooling (GAP) to provide more robust features. We leverage the structure of the FCN to derive a straightforward way for joint classification and forgery localization training and show that the network's classification performance improves significantly by the addition of a pixelwise classification loss. The trained networks achieve state of the art results in binary classification in the {\it FaceForensics++} dataset and competitive performance in other tasks using a significantly reduced number of parameters and small resolution input images. Additionally, we examine how well the proposed architecture can detect fully generated images using faces from the recently proposed PGAN and StyleGAN methods. We show that this task is easier to learn than detecting manipulated images and that for both cases there is only a small drop of performance when the network is trained using more than one manipulation technique in the training data. 
### 5.Bi-Directional Domain Translation for Zero-Shot Sketch-Based Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13251.pdf)
>  The goal of Sketch-Based Image Retrieval (SBIR) is using free-hand sketches to retrieve images of the same category from a natural image gallery. However, SBIR requires all categories to be seen during training, which cannot be guaranteed in real-world applications. So we investigate more challenging Zero-Shot SBIR (ZS-SBIR), in which test categories do not appear in the training stage. Traditional SBIR methods are prone to be category-based retrieval and cannot generalize well from seen categories to unseen ones. In contrast, we disentangle image features into structure features and appearance features to facilitate structure-based retrieval. To assist feature disentanglement and take full advantage of disentangled information, we propose a Bi-directional Domain Translation (BDT) framework for ZS-SBIR, in which the image domain and sketch domain can be translated to each other through disentangled structure and appearance features. Finally, we perform retrieval in both structure feature space and image feature space. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed approach remarkably outperforms state-of-the-art approaches by about 8% on the Sketchy dataset and over 5% on the TU-Berlin dataset. 
### 6.Deep Image Harmonization via Domain Verification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13239.pdf)
>  Image composition is an important operation in image processing, but the inconsistency between foreground and background significantly degrades the quality of composite image. Image harmonization, aiming to make the foreground compatible with the background, is a promising yet challenging task. However, the lack of high-quality publicly available dataset for image harmonization greatly hinders the development of image harmonization techniques. In this work, we contribute an image harmonization dataset by generating synthesized composite images based on COCO (resp., Adobe5k, Flickr, day2night) dataset, leading to our HCOCO (resp., HAdobe5k, HFlickr, Hday2night) sub-dataset. Moreover, we propose a new deep image harmonization method with a novel domain verification discriminator, enlightened by the following insight. Specifically, incompatible foreground and background belong to two different domains, so we need to translate the domain of foreground to the same domain as background. Our proposed domain verification discriminator can play such a role by pulling close the domains of foreground and background. Extensive experiments on our constructed dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method. Our dataset is released in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bcmi/Image_Harmonization_Datasets" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 7.DIST: Rendering Deep Implicit Signed Distance Function with Differentiable Sphere Tracing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13225.pdf)
>  We propose a differentiable sphere tracing algorithm to bridge the gap between inverse graphics methods and the recently proposed deep learning based implicit signed distance function. Due to the nature of the implicit function, the rendering process requires tremendous function queries, which is particularly problematic when the function is represented as a neural network. We optimize both the forward and backward pass of our rendering layer to make it run efficiently with affordable memory consumption on a commodity graphics card. Our rendering method is fully differentiable such that losses can be directly computed on the rendered 2D observations, and the gradients can be propagated backward to optimize the 3D geometry. We show that our rendering method can effectively reconstruct accurate 3D shapes from various inputs, such as sparse depth and multi-view images, through inverse optimization. With the geometry based reasoning, our 3D shape prediction methods show excellent generalization capability and robustness against various noise. 
### 8.CAGNet: Content-Aware Guidance for Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13168.pdf)
>  Beneficial from Fully Convolutional Neural Networks (FCNs), saliency detection methods have achieved promising results. However, it is still challenging to learn effective features for detecting salient objects in complicated scenarios, in which i) non-salient regions may have "salient-like" appearance; ii) the salient objects may have different-looking regions. To handle these complex scenarios, we propose a Feature Guide Network which exploits the nature of low-level and high-level features to i) make foreground and background regions more distinct and suppress the non-salient regions which have "salient-like" appearance; ii) assign foreground label to different-looking salient regions. Furthermore, we utilize a Multi-scale Feature Extraction Module (MFEM) for each level of abstraction to obtain multi-scale contextual information. Finally, we design a loss function which outperforms the widely-used Cross-entropy loss. By adopting four different pre-trained models as the backbone, we prove that our method is very general with respect to the choice of the backbone model. Experiments on five challenging datasets demonstrate that our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance in terms of different evaluation metrics. Additionally, our approach contains fewer parameters than the existing ones, does not need any post-processing, and runs fast at a real-time speed of 28 FPS when processing a 480 x 480 image. 
### 9.Color inference from semantic labeling for person search in videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13114.pdf)
>  We propose an explainable model to generate semantic color labels for person search. In this context, persons are described from their semantic parts, such as hat, shirt, etc. Person search consists in looking for people based on these descriptions. In this work, we aim to improve the accuracy of color labels for people. Our goal is to handle the high variability of human perception. Existing solutions are based on hand-crafted features or learnt features that are not explainable. Moreover most of them only focus on a limited set of colors. We propose a method based on binary search trees and a large peer-labelled color name dataset. This allows us to synthesize the human perception of colors. Using semantic segmentation and our color labeling method, we label segments of pedestrians with their associated colors. We evaluate our solution on person search on datasets such as PCN, and show a precision as high as 80.4%. 
### 10.On the Benefits of Attributional Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13073.pdf)
>  Interpretability is an emerging area of research in trustworthy machine learning. Safe deployment of machine learning system mandates that the prediction and its explanation be reliable and robust. Recently, it was shown that one could craft perturbations that produce perceptually indistinguishable inputs having the same prediction, yet very different interpretations. We tackle the problem of attributional robustness (i.e. models having robust explanations) by maximizing the alignment between the input image and its saliency map using soft-margin triplet loss. We propose a robust attribution training methodology that beats the state-of-the-art attributional robustness measure by a margin of approximately 6-18% on several standard datasets, ie. SVHN, CIFAR-10 and GTSRB. We further show the utility of the proposed robust model in the domain of weakly supervised object localization and segmentation. Our proposed robust model also achieves a new state-of-the-art object localization accuracy on the CUB-200 dataset. 
### 11.Blockwisely Supervised Neural Architecture Search with Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13053.pdf)
>  Neural Architecture Search (NAS), aiming at automatically designing network architectures by machines, is hoped and expected to bring about a new revolution in machine learning. Despite these high expectation, the effectiveness and efficiency of existing NAS solutions are unclear, with some recent works going so far as to suggest that many existing NAS solutions are no better than random architecture selection. The inefficiency of NAS solutions may be attributed to inaccurate architecture evaluation. Specifically, to speed up NAS, recent works have proposed under-training different candidate architectures in a large search space concurrently by using shared network parameters; however, this has resulted in incorrect architecture ratings and furthered the ineffectiveness of NAS. <br>In this work, we propose to modularize the large search space of NAS into blocks to ensure that the potential candidate architectures are fully trained; this reduces the representation shift caused by the shared parameters and leads to the correct rating of the candidates. Thanks to the block-wise search, we can also evaluate all of the candidate architectures within a block. Moreover, we find that the knowledge of a network model lies not only in the network parameters but also in the network architecture. Therefore, we propose to distill the neural architecture (DNA) knowledge from a teacher model as the supervision to guide our block-wise architecture search, which significantly improves the effectiveness of NAS. Remarkably, the capacity of our searched architecture has exceeded the teacher model, demonstrating the practicability and scalability of our method. Finally, our method achieves a state-of-the-art 78.4\% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet in a mobile setting, which is about a 2.1\% gain over EfficientNet-B0. All of our searched models along with the evaluation code are available online. 
### 12.Indirect Local Attacks for Context-aware Semantic Segmentation Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13038.pdf)
>  Recently, deep networks have achieved impressive semantic segmentation performance, in particular thanks to their use of larger contextual information. In this paper, we show that the resulting networks are sensitive not only to global attacks, where perturbations affect the entire input image, but also to indirect local attacks where perturbations are confined to a small image region that does not overlap with the area that we aim to fool. To this end, we introduce several indirect attack strategies, including adaptive local attacks, aiming to find the best image location to perturb, and universal local attacks. Furthermore, we propose attack detection techniques both for the global image level and to obtain a pixel-wise localization of the fooled regions. Our results are unsettling: Because they exploit a larger context, more accurate semantic segmentation networks are more sensitive to indirect local attacks. 
### 13.Collaborative Attention Network for Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13008.pdf)
>  Jointly utilizing global and local features to improve model accuracy is becoming a popular approach for the person re-identification (ReID) problem, because previous works using global features alone have very limited capacity at extracting discriminative local patterns in the obtained feature representation. Existing works that attempt to collect local patterns either explicitly slice the global feature into several local pieces in a handcrafted way, or apply the attention mechanism to implicitly infer the importance of different local regions. In this paper, we show that by explicitly learning the importance of small local parts and part combinations, we can further improve the final feature representation for Re-ID. Specifically, we first separate the global feature into multiple local slices at different scale with a proposed multi-branch structure. Then we introduce the Collaborative Attention Network (CAN) to automatically learn the combination of features from adjacent slices. In this way, the combination keeps the intrinsic relation between adjacent features across local regions and scales, without losing information by partitioning the global features. Experiment results on several widely-used public datasets including Market-1501, DukeMTMC-ReID and CUHK03 prove that the proposed method outperforms many existing state-of-the-art methods. 
### 14.Investigations on the inference optimization techniques and their impact on multiple hardware platforms for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12993.pdf)
>  In this work, the task of pixel-wise semantic segmentation in the context of self-driving with a goal to reduce the inference time is explored. Fully Convolutional Network (FCN-8s, FCN-16s, and FCN-32s) with a VGG16 encoder architecture and skip connections is trained and validated on the Cityscapes dataset. Numerical investigations are carried out for several inference optimization techniques built into TensorFlow and TensorRT to quantify their impact on the inference time and network size. Finally, the trained network is ported on to an embedded platform (Nvidia Jetson TX1) and the inference time, as well as the total energy consumed for inference across hardware platforms, are compared. 
### 15.Semi-Relaxed Quantization with DropBits: Training Low-Bit Neural Networks via Bit-wise Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12990.pdf)
>  Neural Network quantization, which aims to reduce bit-lengths of the network weights and activations, is one of the key ingredients to reduce the size of neural networks for their deployments to resource-limited devices. However, compressing to low bit-lengths may incur large loss of information and preserving the performance of the full-precision networks under these settings is extremely challenging even with the state-of-the-art quantization approaches. To tackle this problem of low-bit quantization, we propose a novel Semi-Relaxed Quantization (SRQ) that can effectively reduce the quantization error, along with a new regularization technique, DropBits which replaces dropout regularization to randomly drop the bits instead of neurons to minimize information loss while improving generalization on low-bit networks. Moreover, we show the possibility of learning heterogeneous quantization levels, that finds proper bit-lengths for each layer using DropBits. We experimentally validate our method on various benchmark datasets and network architectures, whose results show that our method largely outperforms recent quantization approaches. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first in obtaining competitive performance on 3-bit quantization of ResNet-18 on ImageNet dataset with both weights and activations quantized, across all layers. Last but not the least, we show promising results on heterogeneous quantization, which we believe will open the door to new research directions in neural network quantization. 
### 16.Online Structured Sparsity-based Moving Object Detection from Satellite Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12989.pdf)
>  Inspired by the recent developments in computer vision, low-rank and structured sparse matrix decomposition can be potentially be used for extract moving objects in satellite videos. This set of approaches seeks for rank minimization on the background that typically requires batch-based optimization over a sequence of frames, which causes delays in processing and limits their applications. To remedy this delay, we propose an Online Low-rank and Structured Sparse Decomposition (O-LSD). O-LSD reformulates the batch-based low-rank matrix decomposition with the structured sparse penalty to its equivalent frame-wise separable counterpart, which then defines a stochastic optimization problem for online subspace basis estimation. In order to promote online processing, O-LSD conducts the foreground and background separation and the subspace basis update alternatingly for every frame in a video. We also show the convergence of O-LSD theoretically. Experimental results on two satellite videos demonstrate the performance of O-LSD in term of accuracy and time consumption is comparable with the batch-based approaches with significantly reduced delay in processing. 
### 17.Correlation-aware Adversarial Domain Adaptation and Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12983.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation (DA) and domain generalization (DG) have emerged as a solution to the domain shift problem where the distribution of the source and target data is different. The task of DG is more challenging than DA as the target data is totally unseen during the training phase in DG scenarios. The current state-of-the-art employs adversarial techniques, however, these are rarely considered for the DG problem. Furthermore, these approaches do not consider correlation alignment which has been proven highly beneficial for minimizing domain discrepancy. In this paper, we propose a correlation-aware adversarial DA and DG framework where the features of the source and target data are minimized using correlation alignment along with adversarial learning. Incorporating the correlation alignment module along with adversarial learning helps to achieve a more domain agnostic model due to the improved ability to reduce domain discrepancy with unlabeled target data more effectively. Experiments on benchmark datasets serve as evidence that our proposed method yields improved state-of-the-art performance. 
### 18.Deep Object Co-segmentation via Spatial-Semantic Network Modulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12950.pdf)
>  Object co-segmentation is to segment the shared objects in multiple relevant images, which has numerous applications in computer vision. This paper presents a spatial and semantic modulated deep network framework for object co-segmentation. A backbone network is adopted to extract multi-resolution image features. With the multi-resolution features of the relevant images as input, we design a spatial modulator to learn a mask for each image. The spatial modulator captures the correlations of image feature descriptors via unsupervised learning. The learned mask can roughly localize the shared foreground object while suppressing the background. For the semantic modulator, we model it as a supervised image classification task. We propose a hierarchical second-order pooling module to transform the image features for classification use. The outputs of the two modulators manipulate the multi-resolution features by a shift-and-scale operation so that the features focus on segmenting co-object regions. The proposed model is trained end-to-end without any intricate post-processing. Extensive experiments on four image co-segmentation benchmark datasets demonstrate the superior accuracy of the proposed method compared to state-of-the-art methods. 
### 19.Learning Semantic Correspondence Exploiting an Object-level Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12914.pdf)
>  We address the problem of semantic correspondence, that is, establishing a dense flow field between images depicting different instances of the same object or scene category. We propose to use images annotated with binary foreground masks and subjected to synthetic geometric deformations to train a convolutional neural network (CNN) for this task. Using these masks as part of the supervisory signal provides an object-level prior for the semantic correspondence task and offers a good compromise between semantic flow methods, where the amount of training data is limited by the cost of manually selecting point correspondences, and semantic alignment ones, where the regression of a single global geometric transformation between images may be sensitive to image-specific details such as background clutter. We propose a new CNN architecture, dubbed SFNet, which implements this idea. It leverages a new and differentiable version of the argmax function for end-to-end training, with a loss that combines mask and flow consistency with smoothness terms. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach, which significantly outperforms the state of the art on standard benchmarks. 
### 20.Learning Generalizable Representations via Diverse Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12911.pdf)
>  The problem of rare category recognition has received a lot of attention recently, with state-of-the-art methods achieving significant improvements. However, we identify two major limitations in the existing literature. First, the benchmarks are constructed by randomly splitting the categories of artificially balanced datasets into frequent (head), and rare (tail) subsets, which results in unrealistic category distributions in both of them. Second, the idea of using external sources of supervision to learn generalizable representations is largely overlooked. In this work, we attempt to address both of these shortcomings by introducing the ADE-FewShot benchmark. It stands upon the ADE dataset for scene parsing that features a realistic, long-tail distribution of categories as well as a diverse set of annotations. We turn it into a realistic few-shot classification benchmark by splitting the object categories into head and tail based on their distribution in the world. We then analyze the effect of applying various supervision sources on representation learning for rare category recognition, and observe significant improvements. 
### 21.Land Cover Change Detection via Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12903.pdf)
>  This paper presents a change detection method that identifies land cover changes from aerial imagery, using semantic segmentation, a machine learning approach. We present a land cover classification training pipeline with Deeplab v3+, state-of-the-art semantic segmentation technology, including data preparation, model training for seven land cover types, and model exporting modules. In the land cover change detection system, the inputs are images retrieved from Google Earth at the same location but from different times. The system then predicts semantic segmentation results on these images using the trained model and calculates the land cover class percentage for each input image. We see an improvement in the accuracy of the land cover semantic segmentation model, with a mean IoU of 0.756 compared to 0.433, as reported in the DeepGlobe land cover classification challenge. The land cover change detection system that leverages the state-of-the-art semantic segmentation technology is proposed and can be used for deforestation analysis, land management, and urban planning. 
### 22.Fruit Detection, Segmentation and 3D Visualisation of Environments in Apple Orchards  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12889.pdf)
>  Robotic harvesting of fruits in orchards is a challenging task, since high density and overlapping of fruits and branches can heavily impact the success rate of robotic harvesting. Therefore, the vision system is demanded to provide comprehensive information of the working environment to guide the manipulator and gripping system to successful detach the target fruits. In this study, a deep learning based one-stage detector DaSNet-V2 is developed to perform the multi-task vision sensing in the working environment of apple orchards. DaSNet-V2 combines the detection and instance segmentation of fruits and semantic segmentation of branch into a single network architecture. Meanwhile, a light-weight backbone network LW-net is utilised in the DaSNet-V2 model to improve the computational efficiency of the model. In the experiment, DaSNet-V2 is tested and evaluated on the RGB-D images of the orchard. From the experiment results, DaSNet-V2 with lightweight backbone achieves 0.844, 0.858, and 0.795 on the F 1 score of the detection, and mean intersection of union on the instance segmentation of fruits and semantic segmentation of branches, respectively. To provide a direct-viewing of the working environment in orchards, the obtained sensing results are illustrated by 3D visualisation . The robustness and efficiency of the DaSNet-V2 in detection and segmentation are validated by the experiments in the real-environment of apple orchard. 
### 23.Geometric Feedback Network for Point Cloud Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12885.pdf)
>  As the basic task of point cloud learning, classification is fundamental but always challenging. To address some unsolved problems of existing methods, we propose a network designed as a feedback mechanism, a procedure allowing the modification of the output via as a response to the output, to comprehensively capture the local features of 3D point clouds. Besides, we also enrich the explicit and implicit geometric information of point clouds in low-level 3D space and high-level feature space, respectively. By applying an attention module based on channel affinity, that focuses on distinct channels, the learned feature map of our network can effectively avoid redundancy. The performances on synthetic and real-world datasets demonstrate the superiority and applicability of our network. Comparing with other state-of-the-art methods, our approach balances accuracy and efficiency. 
### 24.Region segmentation via deep learning and convex optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12870.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a method to segment regions in three-dimensional point clouds. We assume that (i) the shape and the number of regions in the point cloud are not known and (ii) the point cloud may be noisy. The method consists of two steps. In the first step we use a deep neural network to predict the probability that a pair of small patches from the point cloud belongs to the same region. In the second step, we use a convex-optimization based method to improve the predictions of the network by enforcing consistency constraints. We evaluate the accuracy of our method on a custom dataset of convex polyhedra, where the regions correspond to the faces of the polyhedra. The method can be seen as a robust and flexible alternative to the famous region growing segmentation algorithm. All reported results are reproducible and come with easy to use code that could serve as a baseline for future research. 
### 25.SEAN: Image Synthesis with Semantic Region-Adaptive Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12861.pdf)
>  We propose semantic region-adaptive normalization (SEAN), a simple but effective building block for Generative Adversarial Networks conditioned on segmentation masks that describe the semantic regions in the desired output image. Using SEAN normalization, we can build a network architecture that can control the style of each semantic region individually, e.g., we can specify one style reference image per region. SEAN is better suited to encode, transfer, and synthesize style than the best previous method in terms of reconstruction quality, variability, and visual quality. We evaluate SEAN on multiple datasets and report better quantitative metrics (e.g. FID, PSNR) than the current state of the art. SEAN also pushes the frontier of interactive image editing. We can interactively edit images by changing segmentation masks or the style for any given region. We can also interpolate styles from two reference images per region. 
### 26.Siam R-CNN: Visual Tracking by Re-Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12836.pdf)
>  We present Siam R-CNN, a Siamese re-detection architecture which unleashes the full power of two-stage object detection approaches for visual object tracking. We combine this with a novel tracklet-based dynamic programming algorithm, which takes advantage of re-detections of both the first-frame template and previous-frame predictions, to model the full history of both the object to be tracked and potential distractor objects. This enables our approach to make better tracking decisions, as well as to re-detect tracked objects after long occlusion. Finally, we propose a novel hard example mining strategy to improve Siam R-CNN's robustness to similar looking objects. The proposed tracker achieves the current best performance on ten tracking benchmarks, with especially strong results for long-term tracking. 
### 27.Motion Equivariance OF Event-based Camera Data with the Temporal Normalization Transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12801.pdf)
>  In this work, we focus on using convolution neural networks (CNN) to perform object recognition on the event data. In object recognition, it is important for a neural network to be robust to the variations of the data during testing. For traditional cameras, translations are well handled because CNNs are naturally equivariant to translations. However, because event cameras record the change of light intensity of an image, the geometric shape of event volumes will not only depend on the objects but also on their relative motions with respect to the camera. The deformation of the events caused by motions causes the CNN to be less robust to unseen motions during inference. To address this problem, we would like to explore the equivariance property of CNNs, a well-studied area that demonstrates to produce predictable deformation of features under certain transformations of the input image. 
### 28.Light-weight Calibrator: a Separable Component for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12796.pdf)
>  Existing domain adaptation methods aim at learning features that can be generalized among domains. These methods commonly require to update source classifier to adapt to the target domain and do not properly handle the trade off between the source domain and the target domain. In this work, instead of training a classifier to adapt to the target domain, we use a separable component called data calibrator to help the fixed source classifier recover discrimination power in the target domain, while preserving the source domain's performance. When the difference between two domains is small, the source classifier's representation is sufficient to perform well in the target domain and outperforms GAN-based methods in digits. Otherwise, the proposed method can leverage synthetic images generated by GANs to boost performance and achieve state-of-the-art performance in digits datasets and driving scene semantic segmentation. Our method empirically reveals that certain intriguing hints, which can be mitigated by adversarial attack to domain discriminators, are one of the sources for performance degradation under the domain shift. Code release is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yeshaokai/Calibrator-Domain-Adaptation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 29.Dividing and Conquering Cross-Modal Recipe Retrieval: from Nearest Neighbours Baselines to SoTA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12763.pdf)
>  We propose a novel non-parametric method for cross-modal retrieval which is applied on top of precomputed image and text embeddings. By combining our method with standard approaches for building image and text encoders, trained independently with a self-supervised classification objective, we create a baseline model which outperforms most existing methods on a challenging image-to-recipe task. We also use our method for comparing image and text encoders trained using different modern approaches, thus addressing the issues hindering the developments of novel methods for cross-modal recipe retrieval. We demonstrate how to use the insights from model comparison and extend our baseline model with standard triplet loss that improves SoTA on the Recipe1M dataset by a large margin, while using only precomputed features and with much less complexity than existing methods. 
### 30.ASR is all you need: cross-modal distillation for lip reading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12747.pdf)
>  The goal of this work is to train strong models for visual speech recognition without requiring human annotated ground truth data. We achieve this by distilling from an Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) model that has been trained on a large-scale audio-only corpus. We use a cross-modal distillation method that combines CTC with a frame-wise cross-entropy loss. Our contributions are fourfold: (i) we show that ground truth transcriptions are not necessary to train a lip reading system; (ii) we show how arbitrary amounts of unlabelled video data can be leveraged to improve performance; (iii) we demonstrate that distillation significantly speeds up training; and, (iv) we obtain state-of-the-art results on the challenging LRS2 and LRS3 datasets for training only on publicly available data. 
### 31.Every Frame Counts: Joint Learning of Video Segmentation and Optical Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12739.pdf)
>  A major challenge for video semantic segmentation is the lack of labeled data. In most benchmark datasets, only one frame of a video clip is annotated, which makes most supervised methods fail to utilize information from the rest of the frames. To exploit the spatio-temporal information in videos, many previous works use pre-computed optical flows, which encode the temporal consistency to improve the video segmentation. However, the video segmentation and optical flow estimation are still considered as two separate tasks. In this paper, we propose a novel framework for joint video semantic segmentation and optical flow estimation. Semantic segmentation brings semantic information to handle occlusion for more robust optical flow estimation, while the non-occluded optical flow provides accurate pixel-level temporal correspondences to guarantee the temporal consistency of the segmentation. Moreover, our framework is able to utilize both labeled and unlabeled frames in the video through joint training, while no additional calculation is required in inference. Extensive experiments show that the proposed model makes the video semantic segmentation and optical flow estimation benefit from each other and outperforms existing methods under the same settings in both tasks. 
### 32.Mixture-Model-based Bounding Box Density Estimation for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12721.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a new object detection model, Mixture-Model-based Object Detector (MMOD), that performs multi-object detection using a mixture model. Unlike previous studies, we use density estimation to deal with the multi-object detection task. MMOD captures the conditional distribution of bounding boxes for a given input image using a mixture model consisting of Gaussian and categorical distributions. For this purpose, we propose a method to extract object bounding boxes from a trained mixture model. In doing so, we also propose a new network structure and objective function for the MMOD. Our proposed method is not trained by assigning a ground truth bounding box to a specific location on the network's output. Instead, the mixture components are automatically learned to represent the distribution of the bounding box through density estimation. Therefore, MMOD does not require a large number of anchors and does not incur the positive-negative imbalance problem. This not only benefits the detection performance but also enhances the inference speed without requiring additional processing. We applied MMOD to Pascal VOC and MS COCO datasets, and outperform the detection performance with inference speed of other state-of-the-art fast object detection methods. (38.7 AP with 39ms per image on MS COCO without bells and whistles.) Code will be available. 
### 33.Continuous Adaptation for Interactive Object Segmentation by Learning from Corrections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12709.pdf)
>  In interactive object segmentation a user collaborates with a computer vision model to segment an object. Recent works rely on convolutional neural networks to predict the segmentation, taking the image and the corrections made by the user as input. By training on large datasets they offer strong performance, but they keep model parameters fixed at test time. Instead, we treat user corrections as training examples to update our model on-the-fly to the data at hand. This enables it to successfully adapt to the appearance of a particular test image, to distributions shifts in the whole test set, and even to large domain changes, where the imaging modality changes between training and testing. We extensively evaluate our method on 8 diverse datasets and improve over a fixed model on all of them. Our method shows the most dramatic improvements when training and testing domains differ, where it produces segmentation masks of the desired quality from 60-70% less user input. Furthermore we achieve state-of-the-art on four standard interactive segmentation datasets: PASCAL VOC12, GrabCut, DAVIS16 and Berkeley. 
### 34.Cameras Viewing Cameras Geometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12706.pdf)
>  A basic problem in computer vision is to understand the structure of a real-world scene given several images of it. Here we study several theoretical aspects of the intra multi-view geometry of calibrated cameras when all that they can reliably recognize is each other. With the proliferation of wearable cameras, autonomous vehicles and drones, the geometry of these multiple cameras is a timely and relevant problem to study. 
### 35.A novel classification-selection approach for the self updating of template-based face recognition systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12688.pdf)
>  The boosting on the need of security notably increased the amount of possible facial recognition applications, especially due to the success of the Internet of Things (IoT) paradigm. However, although handcrafted and deep learning-inspired facial features reached a significant level of compactness and expressive power, the facial recognition performance still suffers from intra-class variations such as ageing, facial expressions, lighting changes, and pose. These variations cannot be captured in a single acquisition and require multiple acquisitions of long duration, which are expensive and need a high level of collaboration from the users. Among others, self-update algorithms have been proposed in order to mitigate these problems. Self-updating aims to add novel templates to the users' gallery among the inputs submitted during system operations. Consequently, computational complexity and storage space tend to be among the critical requirements of these algorithms. The present paper deals with the above problems by a novel template-based self-update algorithm, able to keep over time the expressive power of a limited set of templates stored in the system database. The rationale behind the proposed approach is in the working hypothesis that a dominating mode characterises the features' distribution given the client. Therefore, the key point is to select the best templates around that mode. We propose two methods, which are tested on systems based on handcrafted features and deep-learning-inspired autoencoders at the state-of-the-art. Three benchmark data sets are used. Experimental results confirm that, by effective and compact feature sets which can support our working hypothesis, the proposed classification-selection approaches overcome the problem of manual updating and, in case, stringent computational requirements. 
### 36.Patch Reordering: a Novel Way to Achieve Rotation and Translation Invariance in Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12682.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have demonstrated state-of-the-art performance on many visual recognition tasks. However, the combination of convolution and pooling operations only shows invariance to small local location changes in meaningful objects in input. Sometimes, such networks are trained using data augmentation to encode this invariance into the parameters, which restricts the capacity of the model to learn the content of these objects. A more efficient use of the parameter budget is to encode rotation or translation invariance into the model architecture, which relieves the model from the need to learn them. To enable the model to focus on learning the content of objects other than their locations, we propose to conduct patch ranking of the feature maps before feeding them into the next layer. When patch ranking is combined with convolution and pooling operations, we obtain consistent representations despite the location of meaningful objects in input. We show that the patch ranking module improves the performance of the CNN on many benchmark tasks, including MNIST digit recognition, large-scale image recognition, and image retrieval. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com//jasonustc/caffe-multigpu/tree/TICNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . 
### 37.xMUDA: Cross-Modal Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for 3D Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12676.pdf)
>  Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) is crucial to tackle the lack of annotations in a new domain. There are many multi-modal datasets, but most UDA approaches are uni-modal. In this work, we explore how to learn from multi-modality and propose cross-modal UDA (xMUDA) where we assume the presence of 2D images and 3D point clouds for 3D semantic segmentation. This is challenging as the two input spaces are heterogeneous and can be impacted differently by domain shift. In xMUDA, modalities learn from each other through mutual mimicking, disentangled from the segmentation objective, to prevent the stronger modality from adopting false predictions from the weaker one. We evaluate on new UDA scenarios including day-to-night, country-to-country and dataset-to-dataset, leveraging recent autonomous driving datasets. xMUDA brings large improvements over uni-modal UDA on all tested scenarios, and is complementary to state-of-the-art UDA techniques. 
### 38.Continuous Dropout  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12675.pdf)
>  Dropout has been proven to be an effective algorithm for training robust deep networks because of its ability to prevent overfitting by avoiding the co-adaptation of feature detectors. Current explanations of dropout include bagging, naive Bayes, regularization, and sex in evolution. According to the activation patterns of neurons in the human brain, when faced with different situations, the firing rates of neurons are random and continuous, not binary as current dropout does. Inspired by this phenomenon, we extend the traditional binary dropout to continuous dropout. On the one hand, continuous dropout is considerably closer to the activation characteristics of neurons in the human brain than traditional binary dropout. On the other hand, we demonstrate that continuous dropout has the property of avoiding the co-adaptation of feature detectors, which suggests that we can extract more independent feature detectors for model averaging in the test stage. We introduce the proposed continuous dropout to a feedforward neural network and comprehensively compare it with binary dropout, adaptive dropout, and DropConnect on MNIST, CIFAR-10, SVHN, NORB, and ILSVRC-12. Thorough experiments demonstrate that our method performs better in preventing the co-adaptation of feature detectors and improves test performance. The code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jasonustc/caffe-multigpu/tree/dropout" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 39.Self-Supervised Learning by Cross-Modal Audio-Video Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12667.pdf)
>  The visual and audio modalities are highly correlated yet they contain different information. Their strong correlation makes it possible to predict the semantics of one from the other with good accuracy. Their intrinsic differences make cross-modal prediction a potentially more rewarding pretext task for self-supervised learning of video and audio representations compared to within-modality learning. Based on this intuition, we propose Cross-Modal Deep Clustering (XDC), a novel self-supervised method that leverages unsupervised clustering in one modality (e.g. audio) as a supervisory signal for the other modality (e.g. video). This cross-modal supervision helps XDC utilize the semantic correlation and the differences between the two modalities. Our experiments show that XDC significantly outperforms single-modality clustering and other multi-modal variants. Our XDC achieves state-of-the-art accuracy among self-supervised methods on several video and audio benchmarks including HMDB51, UCF101, ESC50, and DCASE. Most importantly, the video model pretrained with XDC significantly outperforms the same model pretrained with full-supervision on both ImageNet and Kinetics in action recognition on HMDB51 and UCF101. To the best of our knowledge, XDC is the first method to demonstrate that self-supervision outperforms large-scale full-supervision in representation learning for action recognition. 
### 40.Self-Supervised Unconstrained Illumination Invariant Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12641.pdf)
>  We propose a new and completely data-driven approach for generating an unconstrained illumination invariant representation of images. Our method trains a neural network with a specialized triplet loss designed to emphasize actual scene changes while downplaying changes in illumination. For this purpose we use the BigTime image dataset, which contains static scenes acquired at different times. We analyze the attributes of our representation, and show that it improves patch matching and rigid registration over state-of-the-art illumination invariant representations. We point out that the utility of our method is not restricted to handling illumination invariance, and that it may be applied for generating representations which are invariant to general types of nuisance, undesired, image variants. 
### 41.Lidar-Camera Co-Training for Semi-Supervised Road Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12597.pdf)
>  Recent advances in the field of machine learning and computer vision have enabled the development of fast and accurate road detectors. Commonly such systems are trained within a supervised learning paradigm where both an input sensor's data and the corresponding ground truth label must be provided. The task of generating labels is commonly carried out by human annotators and it is notoriously time consuming and expensive. In this work, it is shown that a semi-supervised approach known as co-training can provide significant F1-score average improvements compared to supervised learning. In co-training, two classifiers acting on different views of the data cooperatively improve each other's performance by leveraging unlabeled examples. Depending on the amount of labeled data used, the improvements ranged from 1.12 to 6.10 percentage points for a camera-based road detector and from 1.04 to 8.14 percentage points for a lidar-based road detector. Lastly, the co-training algorithm is validated on the KITTI road benchmark, achieving high performance using only 36 labeled training examples together with several thousands unlabeled ones. 
### 42.AutoRemover: Automatic Object Removal for Autonomous Driving Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12588.pdf)
>  Motivated by the need for photo-realistic simulation in autonomous driving, in this paper we present a video inpainting algorithm \emph{AutoRemover}, designed specifically for generating street-view videos without any moving objects. In our setup we have two challenges: the first is the shadow, shadows are usually unlabeled but tightly coupled with the moving objects. The second is the large ego-motion in the videos. To deal with shadows, we build up an autonomous driving shadow dataset and design a deep neural network to detect shadows automatically. To deal with large ego-motion, we take advantage of the multi-source data, in particular the 3D data, in autonomous driving. More specifically, the geometric relationship between frames is incorporated into an inpainting deep neural network to produce high-quality structurally consistent video output. Experiments show that our method outperforms other state-of-the-art (SOTA) object removal algorithms, reducing the RMSE by over $19\%$. 
### 43.An Efficient Multi-Domain Framework for Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12552.pdf)
>  Existing approaches have been proposed to tackle unsupervised image-to-image translation in recent years. However, they mainly focus on one-to-one mappings, making it difficult to handle more general and practical problems such as multi-domain translations. To address issues like large cost of training time and resources in translation between any number of domains, we propose a general framework called multi-domain translator (MDT), which is extended from bi-directional image-to-image translation. MDT is designed to have only one domain-shared encoder for the consideration of efficiency, together with several domain-specified decoders to transform an image into multiple domains without knowing the input domain label. Moreover, we propose to employ two constraints, namely reconstruction loss and identity loss to further improve the generation. Experiments are conducted on different databases for several multi-domain translation tasks. Both qualitative and quantitative results demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency performed by the proposed MDT against the state-of-the-art models. 
### 44.One-Shot Object Detection with Co-Attention and Co-Excitation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12529.pdf)
>  This paper aims to tackle the challenging problem of one-shot object detection. Given a query image patch whose class label is not included in the training data, the goal of the task is to detect all instances of the same class in a target image. To this end, we develop a novel {\em co-attention and co-excitation} (CoAE) framework that makes contributions in three key technical aspects. First, we propose to use the non-local operation to explore the co-attention embodied in each query-target pair and yield region proposals accounting for the one-shot situation. Second, we formulate a squeeze-and-co-excitation scheme that can adaptively emphasize correlated feature channels to help uncover relevant proposals and eventually the target objects. Third, we design a margin-based ranking loss for implicitly learning a metric to predict the similarity of a region proposal to the underlying query, no matter its class label is seen or unseen in training. The resulting model is therefore a two-stage detector that yields a strong baseline on both VOC and MS-COCO under one-shot setting of detecting objects from both seen and never-seen classes. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/timy90022/One-Shot-Object-Detection" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 45.Sparse-GAN: Sparsity-constrained Generative Adversarial Network for Anomaly Detection in Retinal OCT Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12527.pdf)
>  With the development of convolutional neural network, deep learning has shown its success for retinal disease detection from optical coherence tomography (OCT) images. However, deep learning often relies on large scale labelled data for training, which is oftentimes challenging especially for disease with low occurrence. Moreover, a deep learning system trained from data-set with one or a few diseases is unable to detect other unseen diseases, which limits the practical usage of the system in disease screening. To address the limitation, we propose a novel anomaly detection framework termed Sparsity-constrained Generative Adversarial Network (Sparse-GAN) for disease screening where only healthy data are available in the training set. The contributions of Sparse-GAN are two-folds: 1) The proposed Sparse-GAN predicts the anomalies in latent space rather than image-level; 2) Sparse-GAN is constrained by a novel Sparsity Regularization Net. Furthermore, in light of the role of lesions for disease screening, we present to leverage on an anomaly activation map to show the heatmap of lesions. We evaluate our proposed Sparse-GAN on a publicly available dataset, and the results show that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 46.A Discriminative Learned CNN Embedding For Remote Senseing Image Scene Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12517.pdf)
>  In this work, a discriminatively learned CNN embedding is proposed for remote sensing image scene classification. Our proposed siamese network simultaneously computes the classification loss function and the metric learning loss function of the two input images. Specifically, for the classification loss, we use the standard cross-entropy loss function to predict the classes of the images. For the metric learning loss, our siamese network learns to map the intra-class and inter-class input pairs to a feature space where intra-class inputs are close and inter-class inputs are separated by a margin. Concretely, for remote sensing image scene classification, we would like to map images from the same scene to feature vectors that are close, and map images from different scenes to feature vectors that are widely separated. Experiments are conducted on three different remote sensing image datasets to evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed approach. The results demonstrate that the proposed method achieves an excellent classification performance. 
### 47.Palmprint Recognition in Uncontrolled and Uncooperative Environment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12514.pdf)
>  Online palmprint recognition and latent palmprint identification are two branches of palmprint studies. The former uses middle-resolution images collected by a digital camera in a well-controlled or contact-based environment with user cooperation for commercial applications and the latter uses high-resolution latent palmprints collected in crime scenes for forensic investigation. However, these two branches do not cover some palmprint images which have the potential for forensic investigation. Due to the prevalence of smartphone and consumer camera, more evidence is in the form of digital images taken in uncontrolled and uncooperative environment, e.g., child pornographic images and terrorist images, where the criminals commonly hide or cover their face. However, their palms can be observable. To study palmprint identification on images collected in uncontrolled and uncooperative environment, a new palmprint database is established and an end-to-end deep learning algorithm is proposed. The new database named NTU Palmprints from the Internet (NTU-PI-v1) contains 7881 images from 2035 palms collected from the Internet. The proposed algorithm consists of an alignment network and a feature extraction network and is end-to-end trainable. The proposed algorithm is compared with the state-of-the-art online palmprint recognition methods and evaluated on three public contactless palmprint databases, IITD, CASIA, and PolyU and two new databases, NTU-PI-v1 and NTU contactless palmprint database. The experimental results showed that the proposed algorithm outperforms the existing palmprint recognition methods. 
### 48.Rethinking Temporal Fusion for Video-based Person Re-identification on Semantic and Time Aspect  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12512.pdf)
>  Recently, the research interest of person re-identification (ReID) has gradually turned to video-based methods, which acquire a person representation by aggregating frame features of an entire video. However, existing video-based ReID methods do not consider the semantic difference brought by the outputs of different network stages, which potentially compromises the information richness of the person features. Furthermore, traditional methods ignore important relationship among frames, which causes information redundancy in fusion along the time axis. To address these issues, we propose a novel general temporal fusion framework to aggregate frame features on both semantic aspect and time aspect. As for the semantic aspect, a multi-stage fusion network is explored to fuse richer frame features at multiple semantic levels, which can effectively reduce the information loss caused by the traditional single-stage fusion. While, for the time axis, the existing intra-frame attention method is improved by adding a novel inter-frame attention module, which effectively reduces the information redundancy in temporal fusion by taking the relationship among frames into consideration. The experimental results show that our approach can effectively improve the video-based re-identification accuracy, achieving the state-of-the-art performance. 
### 49.Action Recognition via Pose-Based Graph Convolutional Networks with Intermediate Dense Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12509.pdf)
>  Pose-based action recognition has drawn considerable attention recently. Existing methods exploit the joint positions to extract the body-part features from the activation map of the convolutional networks to assist human action recognition. However, these features are simply concatenated or max-pooled in previous works. The structured correlations among the body parts, which are essential for understanding complex human actions, are not fully exploited. To address the problem, we propose a pose-based graph convolutional network (PGCN), which encodes the body-part features into a human-based spatiotemporal graph, and explicitly models their correlations with a novel light-weight adaptive graph convolutional module to produce a highly discriminative representation for human action recognition. Besides, we discover that the backbone network tends to identify patterns from the most discriminative areas of the input regardless of the others. Thus the features pooled by the joint positions from other areas are less informative, which consequently hampers the performance of the followed aggregation process for recognizing actions. To alleviate this issue, we introduce a simple intermediate dense supervision mechanism for the backbone network, which adequately addresses the problem with no extra computation cost during inference. We evaluate the proposed approach on three popular benchmarks for pose-based action recognition tasks, i.e., Sub-JHMDB, PennAction and NTU-RGBD, where our approach significantly outperforms state-of-the-arts without the bells and whistles. 
### 50.Error Resilient Deep Compressive Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12507.pdf)
>  Compressive sensing (CS) is an emerging sampling technology that enables reconstructing signals from a subset of measurements and even corrupted measurements. Deep learning-based compressive sensing (DCS) has improved CS performance while maintaining a fast reconstruction but requires a training network for each measurement rate. Also, concerning the transmission scheme of measurement lost, DCS cannot recover the original signal. Thereby, it fails to maintain the error-resilient property. In this work, we proposed a robust deep reconstruction network to preserve the error-resilient property under the assumption of random measurement lost. Measurement lost layer is proposed to simulate the measurement lost in an end-to-end framework. 
### 51.An End-to-end Framework for Unconstrained Monocular 3D Hand Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12501.pdf)
>  This work addresses the challenging problem of unconstrained 3D hand pose estimation using monocular RGB images. Most of the existing approaches assume some prior knowledge of hand (such as hand locations and side information) is available for 3D hand pose estimation. This restricts their use in unconstrained environments. We, therefore, present an end-to-end framework that robustly predicts hand prior information and accurately infers 3D hand pose by learning ConvNet models while only using keypoint annotations. To achieve robustness, the proposed framework uses a novel keypoint-based method to simultaneously predict hand regions and side labels, unlike existing methods that suffer from background color confusion caused by using segmentation or detection-based technology. Moreover, inspired by the biological structure of the human hand, we introduce two geometric constraints directly into the 3D coordinates prediction that further improves its performance in a weakly-supervised training. Experimental results show that our proposed framework not only performs robustly on unconstrained setting, but also outperforms the state-of-art methods on standard benchmark datasets. 
### 52.QKD: Quantization-aware Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12491.pdf)
>  Quantization and Knowledge distillation (KD) methods are widely used to reduce memory and power consumption of deep neural networks (DNNs), especially for resource-constrained edge devices. Although their combination is quite promising to meet these requirements, it may not work as desired. It is mainly because the regularization effect of KD further diminishes the already reduced representation power of a quantized model. To address this short-coming, we propose Quantization-aware Knowledge Distillation (QKD) wherein quantization and KD are care-fully coordinated in three phases. First, Self-studying (SS) phase fine-tunes a quantized low-precision student network without KD to obtain a good initialization. Second, Co-studying (CS) phase tries to train a teacher to make it more quantizaion-friendly and powerful than a fixed teacher. Finally, Tutoring (TU) phase transfers knowledge from the trained teacher to the student. We extensively evaluate our method on ImageNet and CIFAR-10/100 datasets and show an ablation study on networks with both standard and depthwise-separable convolutions. The proposed QKD outperformed existing state-of-the-art methods (e.g., 1.3% improvement on ResNet-18 with W4A4, 2.6% on MobileNetV2 with W4A4). Additionally, QKD could recover the full-precision accuracy at as low as W3A3 quantization on ResNet and W6A6 quantization on MobilenetV2. 
### 53.All you need is a good representation: A multi-level and classifier-centric representation for few-shot learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12476.pdf)
>  The main problems of few-shot learning are how to learn a generalized representation and how to construct discriminant classifiers with few-shot samples. We tackle both issues by learning a multi-level representation with a classifier-centric constraint. We first build the multi-level representation by combining three different levels of information: local, global, and higher-level. The resulting representation can characterize new concepts with different aspects and present more universality. To overcome the difficulty of generating classifiers by several shot features, we also propose a classifier-centric loss for learning the representation of each level, which forces samples to be centered on their respective classifier weights in the feature space. Therefore, the multi-level representation learned with classifier-centric constraint not only can enhance the generalization ability, but also can be used to construct the discriminant classifier through a small number of samples. Experiments show that our proposed method, without training or fine-tuning on novel examples, can outperform the current state-of-the-art methods on two low-shot learning datasets. We further show that our approach achieves a significant improvement over baseline method in cross-task validation, and demonstrate its superiority in alleviating the domain shift problem. 
### 54.Towards Reliable Evaluation of Road Network Reconstructions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12467.pdf)
>  Existing performance measures rank delineation algorithms inconsistently, which makes it difficult to decide which one is best in any given situation. We show that these inconsistencies stem from design flaws that make the metrics insensitive to whole classes of errors. To provide more reliable evaluation, we design three new metrics that are far more consistent even though they use very different approaches to comparing ground-truth and reconstructed road networks. We use both synthetic and real data to demonstrate this and advocate the use of these corrected metrics as a tool to gauge future progress. 
### 55.3D Shape Completion with Multi-view Consistent Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12465.pdf)
>  3D shape completion is important to enable machines to perceive the complete geometry of objects from partial observations. To address this problem, view-based methods have been presented. These methods represent shapes as multiple depth images, which can be back-projected to yield corresponding 3D point clouds, and they perform shape completion by learning to complete each depth image using neural networks. While view-based methods lead to state-of-the-art results, they currently do not enforce geometric consistency among the completed views during the inference stage. To resolve this issue, we propose a multi-view consistent inference technique for 3D shape completion, which we express as an energy minimization problem including a data term and a regularization term. We formulate the regularization term as a consistency loss that encourages geometric consistency among multiple views, while the data term guarantees that the optimized views do not drift away too much from a learned shape descriptor. Experimental results demonstrate that our method completes shapes more accurately than previous techniques. 
### 56.Empirical Upper-bound in Object Detection and More  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12451.pdf)
>  Object detection remains as one of the most notorious open problems in computer vision. Despite large strides in accuracy in recent years, modern object detectors have started to saturate on popular benchmarks raising the question of how far we can reach with deep learning tools and tricks. Here, by employing 2 state-of-the-art object detection benchmarks, and analyzing more than 15 models over 4 large scale datasets, we I) carefully determine the upperbound in AP, which is 91.6% on VOC (test2007), 78.2% on COCO (val2017), and 58.9% on OpenImages V4 (validation), regardless of the IOU. These numbers are much better than the AP of the best model1 (47.9% on VOC, and 46.9% on COCO; IOUs=.5:.95), II) characterize the sources of errors in object detectors, in a novel and intuitive way, and find that classification error (confusion with other classes and misses) explains the largest fraction of errors and weighs more than localization and duplicate errors, and III) analyze the invariance properties of models when surrounding context of an object is removed, when an object is placed in an incongruent background, and when images are blurred or flipped vertically. We find that models generate boxes on empty regions and that context is more important for detecting small objects than larger ones. Our work taps into the tight relationship between recognition and detection and offers insights for building better models. 
### 57.Soft Anchor-Point Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12448.pdf)
>  Recently, anchor-free detectors have shown great potential to outperform anchor-based detectors in terms of both accuracy and speed. In this work, we aim at finding a new balance of speed and accuracy for anchor-free detectors. Two questions are studied: 1) how to make the anchor-free detection head better? 2) how to utilize the power of feature pyramid better? We identify attention bias and feature selection as the main issues for these two questions respectively. We propose to address these issues with a novel training strategy that has two soften optimization techniques, i.e. soft-weighted anchor points and soft-selected pyramid levels. To evaluate the effectiveness, we train a single-stage anchor-free detector called Soft Anchor-Point Detector (SAPD). Experiments show that our concise SAPD pushes the envelope of speed/accuracy trade-off to a new level, outperforming recent state-of-the-art anchor-based and anchor-free, single-stage and multi-stage detectors. Without bells and whistles, our best model can achieve a single-model single-scale AP of 47.4% on COCO. Our fastest version can run up to 5x faster than other detectors with comparable accuracy. 
### 58.Learning with less data via Weakly Labeled Patch Classification in Digital Pathology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12425.pdf)
>  In Digital Pathology (DP), labeled data is generally very scarce due to the requirement that medical experts provide annotations. We address this issue by learning transferable features from weakly labeled data, which are collected from various parts of the body and are organized by non-medical experts. In this paper, we show that features learned from such weakly labeled datasets are indeed transferable and allow us to achieve highly competitive patch classification results on the colorectal cancer (CRC) dataset [1] and the PatchCamelyon (PCam) dataset [2] while using an order of magnitude less labeled data. 
### 59.AdaShare: Learning What To Share For Efficient Deep Multi-Task Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12423.pdf)
>  Multi-task learning is an open and challenging problem in computer vision. The typical way of conducting multi-task learning with deep neural networks is either through handcrafting schemes that share all initial layers and branch out at an adhoc point or through using separate task-specific networks with an additional feature sharing/fusion mechanism. Unlike existing methods, we propose an adaptive sharing approach, called AdaShare, that decides what to share across which tasks for achieving the best recognition accuracy, while taking resource efficiency into account. Specifically, our main idea is to learn the sharing pattern through a task-specific policy that selectively chooses which layers to execute for a given task in the multi-task network. We efficiently optimize the task-specific policy jointly with the network weights using standard back-propagation. Experiments on three challenging and diverse benchmark datasets with a variable number of tasks well demonstrate the efficacy of our approach over state-of-the-art methods. 
### 60.PREDICT &amp; CLUSTER: Unsupervised Skeleton Based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12409.pdf)
>  We propose a novel system for unsupervised skeleton-based action recognition. Given inputs of body keypoints sequences obtained during various movements, our system associates the sequences with actions. Our system is based on an encoder-decoder recurrent neural network, where the encoder learns a separable feature representation within its hidden states formed by training the model to perform prediction task. We show that according to such unsupervised training the decoder and the encoder self-organize their hidden states into a feature space which clusters similar movements into the same cluster and distinct movements into distant clusters. Current state-of-the-art methods for action recognition are strongly supervised, i.e., rely on providing labels for training. Unsupervised methods have been proposed, however, they require camera and depth inputs (RGB+D) at each time step. In contrast, our system is fully unsupervised, does not require labels of actions at any stage, and can operate with body keypoints input only. Furthermore, the method can perform on various dimensions of body keypoints (2D or 3D) and include additional cues describing movements. We evaluate our system on three extensive action recognition benchmarks with different number of actions and examples. Our results outperform prior unsupervised skeleton-based methods, unsupervised RGB+D based methods on cross-view tests and while being unsupervised have similar performance to supervised skeleton-based action recognition. 
### 61.PointPWC-Net: A Coarse-to-Fine Network for Supervised and Self-Supervised Scene Flow Estimation on 3D Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12408.pdf)
>  We propose a novel end-to-end deep scene flow model, called PointPWC-Net, on 3D point clouds in a coarse-to-fine fashion. Flow computed at the coarse level is upsampled and warped to a finer level, enabling the algorithm to accommodate for large motion without a prohibitive search space. We introduce novel cost volume, upsampling, and warping layers to efficiently handle 3D point cloud data. Unlike traditional cost volumes that require exhaustively computing all the cost values on a high-dimensional grid, our point-based formulation discretizes the cost volume onto input 3D points, and a PointConv operation efficiently computes convolutions on the cost volume. Experiment results on FlyingThings3D outperform the state-of-the-art by a large margin. We further explore novel self-supervised losses to train our model and achieve comparable results to state-of-the-art trained with supervised loss. Without any fine-tuning, our method also shows great generalization ability on KITTI Scene Flow 2015 dataset, outperforming all previous methods. 
### 62.Perceive, Transform, and Act: Multi-Modal Attention Networks for Vision-and-Language Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12377.pdf)
>  Vision-and-Language Navigation (VLN) is a challenging task in which an agent needs to follow a language-specified path to reach a target destination. In this paper, we strive for the creation of an agent able to tackle three key issues: multi-modality, long-term dependencies, and adaptability towards different locomotive settings. To that end, we devise "Perceive, Transform, and Act" (PTA): a fully-attentive VLN architecture that leaves the recurrent approach behind and the first Transformer-like architecture incorporating three different modalities - natural language, images, and discrete actions for the agent control. In particular, we adopt an early fusion strategy to merge lingual and visual information efficiently in our encoder. We then propose to refine the decoding phase with a late fusion extension between the agent's history of actions and the perception modalities. We experimentally validate our model on two datasets and two different action settings. PTA surpasses previous state-of-the-art architectures for low-level VLN on R2R and achieves the first place for both setups in the recently proposed R4R benchmark. Our code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/aimagelab/perceive-transform-and-act" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 63.Example-Guided Scene Image Synthesis using Masked Spatial-Channel Attention and Patch-Based Self-Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12362.pdf)
>  Example-guided image synthesis has been recently attempted to synthesize an image from a semantic label map and an exemplary image. In the task, the additional exemplary image serves to provide style guidance that controls the appearance of the synthesized output. Despite the controllability advantage, the previous models are designed on datasets with specific and roughly aligned objects. In this paper, we tackle a more challenging and general task, where the exemplar is an arbitrary scene image that is semantically unaligned to the given label map. To this end, we first propose a new Masked Spatial-Channel Attention (MSCA) module which models the correspondence between two unstructured scenes via cross-attention. Next, we propose an end-to-end network for joint global and local feature alignment and synthesis. In addition, we propose a novel patch-based self-supervision scheme to enable training. Experiments on the large-scale CCOO-stuff dataset show significant improvements over existing methods. Moreover, our approach provides interpretability and can be readily extended to other tasks including style and spatial interpolation or extrapolation, as well as other content manipulation. 
### 64.Confidence Calibration and Predictive Uncertainty Estimation for Deep Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13273.pdf)
>  Fully convolutional neural networks (FCNs), and in particular U-Nets, have achieved state-of-the-art results in semantic segmentation for numerous medical imaging applications. Moreover, batch normalization and Dice loss have been used successfully to stabilize and accelerate training. However, these networks are poorly calibrated i.e. they tend to produce overconfident predictions both in correct and erroneous classifications, making them unreliable and hard to interpret. In this paper, we study predictive uncertainty estimation in FCNs for medical image segmentation. We make the following contributions: 1) We systematically compare cross entropy loss with Dice loss in terms of segmentation quality and uncertainty estimation of FCNs; 2) We propose model ensembling for confidence calibration of the FCNs trained with batch normalization and Dice loss; 3) We assess the ability of calibrated FCNs to predict segmentation quality of structures and detect out-of-distribution test examples. We conduct extensive experiments across three medical image segmentation applications of the brain, the heart, and the prostate to evaluate our contributions. The results of this study offer considerable insight into the predictive uncertainty estimation and out-of-distribution detection in medical image segmentation and provide practical recipes for confidence calibration. Moreover, we consistently demonstrate that model ensembling improves confidence calibration. 
### 65.Transflow Learning: Repurposing Flow Models Without Retraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13270.pdf)
>  It is well known that deep generative models have a rich latent space, and that it is possible to smoothly manipulate their outputs by traversing this latent space. Recently, architectures have emerged that allow for more complex manipulations, such as making an image look as though it were from a different class, or painted in a certain style. These methods typically require large amounts of training in order to learn a single class of manipulations. We present Transflow Learning, a method for transforming a pre-trained generative model so that its outputs more closely resemble data that we provide afterwards. In contrast to previous methods, Transflow Learning does not require any training at all, and instead warps the probability distribution from which we sample latent vectors using Bayesian inference. Transflow Learning can be used to solve a wide variety of tasks, such as neural style transfer and few-shot classification. 
### 66.Domain-Aware Dynamic Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13237.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks with more parameters and FLOPs have higher capacity and generalize better to diverse domains. But to be deployed on edge devices, the model's complexity has to be constrained due to limited compute resource. In this work, we propose a method to improve the model capacity without increasing inference-time complexity. Our method is based on an assumption of data locality: for an edge device, within a short period of time, the input data to the device are sampled from a single domain with relatively low diversity. Therefore, it is possible to utilize a specialized, low-complexity model to achieve good performance in that input domain. To leverage this, we propose Domain-aware Dynamic Network (DDN), which is a high-capacity dynamic network in which each layer contains multiple weights. During inference, based on the input domain, DDN dynamically combines those weights into one single weight that specializes in the given domain. This way, DDN can keep the inference-time complexity low but still maintain a high capacity. Experiments show that without increasing the parameters, FLOPs, and actual latency, DDN achieves up to 2.6\% higher AP50 than a static network on the BDD100K object-detection benchmark. 
### 67.DIFAR: Deep Image Formation and Retouching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13175.pdf)
>  We present a novel neural network architecture for the image signal processing (ISP) pipeline. In a camera system, the ISP is a critical component that forms a high quality RGB image from RAW camera sensor data. Typical ISP pipelines sequentially apply a complex set of traditional image processing modules, such as demosaicing, denoising, tone mapping, etc. We introduce a new deep network that replaces all these modules, dubbed Deep Image Formation And Retouching (DIFAR). DIFAR introduces a multi-scale context-aware pixel-level block for local denoising/demosaicing operations and a retouching block for global refinement of image colour, luminance and saturation. DIFAR can also be trained for RGB to RGB image enhancement. DIFAR is parameter-efficient and outperforms recently proposed deep learning approaches in both objective and perceptual metrics, setting new state-of-the-art performance on multiple datasets including Samsung S7 and MIT-Adobe 5k. 
### 68.Mean Shift Rejection: Training Deep Neural Networks Without Minibatch Statistics or Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13173.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks are known to be unstable during training at high learning rate unless normalization techniques are employed. Normalizing weights or activations allows the use of higher learning rates, resulting in faster convergence and higher test accuracy. Batch normalization requires minibatch statistics that approximate the dataset statistics but this incurs additional compute and memory costs and causes a communication bottleneck for distributed training. Weight normalization and initialization-only schemes do not achieve comparable test accuracy. <br>We introduce a new understanding of the cause of training instability and provide a technique that is independent of normalization and minibatch statistics. Our approach treats training instability as a spatial common mode signal which is suppressed by placing the model on a channel-wise zero-mean isocline that is maintained throughout training. Firstly, we apply channel-wise zero-mean initialization of filter kernels with overall unity kernel magnitude. At each training step we modify the gradients of spatial kernels so that their weighted channel-wise mean is subtracted in order to maintain the common mode rejection condition. This prevents the onset of mean shift. This new technique allows direct training of the test graph so that training and test models are identical. We also demonstrate that injecting random noise throughout the network during training improves generalization. This is based on the idea that, as a side effect, batch normalization performs deep data augmentation by injecting minibatch noise due to the weakness of the dataset approximation. <br>Our technique achieves higher accuracy compared to batch normalization and for the first time shows that minibatches and normalization are unnecessary for state-of-the-art training. 
### 69.Learning from Irregularly Sampled Data for Endomicroscopy Super-resolution: A Comparative Study of Sparse and Dense Approaches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13169.pdf)
>  Purpose: Probe-based Confocal Laser Endomicroscopy (pCLE) enables performing an optical biopsy, providing real-time microscopic images, via a probe. pCLE probes consist of multiple optical fibres arranged in a bundle, which taken together generate signals in an irregularly sampled pattern. Current pCLE reconstruction is based on interpolating irregular signals onto an over-sampled Cartesian grid, using a naive linear interpolation. It was shown that Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) could improve pCLE image quality. Although classical CNNs were applied to pCLE, input data were limited to reconstructed images in contrast to irregular data produced by pCLE. Methods: We compare pCLE reconstruction and super-resolution (SR) methods taking irregularly sampled or reconstructed pCLE images as input. We also propose to embed a Nadaraya-Watson (NW) kernel regression into the CNN framework as a novel trainable CNN layer. Using the NW layer and exemplar-based super-resolution, we design an NWNetSR architecture that allows for reconstructing high-quality pCLE images directly from the irregularly sampled input data. We created synthetic sparse pCLE images to evaluate our methodology. Results: The results were validated through an image quality assessment based on a combination of the following metrics: Peak signal-to-noise ratio, the Structural Similarity Index. Conclusion: Both dense and sparse CNNs outperform the reconstruction method currently used in the clinic. The main contributions of our study are a comparison of sparse and dense approach in pCLE image reconstruction, implementing trainable generalised NW kernel regression, and adaptation of synthetic data for training pCLE SR. 
### 70.Deep autofocus with cone-beam CT consistency constraint  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13162.pdf)
>  High quality reconstruction with interventional C-arm cone-beam computed tomography (CBCT) requires exact geometry information. If the geometry information is corrupted, e. g., by unexpected patient or system movement, the measured signal is misplaced in the backprojection operation. With prolonged acquisition times of interventional C-arm CBCT the likelihood of rigid patient motion increases. To adapt the backprojection operation accordingly, a motion estimation strategy is necessary. Recently, a novel learning-based approach was proposed, capable of compensating motions within the acquisition plane. We extend this method by a CBCT consistency constraint, which was proven to be efficient for motions perpendicular to the acquisition plane. By the synergistic combination of these two measures, in and out-plane motion is well detectable, achieving an average artifact suppression of 93 [percent]. This outperforms the entropy-based state-of-the-art autofocus measure which achieves on average an artifact suppression of 54 [percent]. 
### 71.X-Ray Sobolev Variational Auto-Encoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13135.pdf)
>  The quality of the generative models (Generative adversarial networks, Variational Auto-Encoders, ...) depends heavily on the choice of a good probability distance. However some popular metrics lack convenient properties such as (geodesic) convexity, fast evaluation and so on. To address these shortcomings, we introduce a class of distances that have built-in convexity. We investigate the relationship with some known paradigms (sliced distances, reproducing kernel Hilbert spaces, energy distances). The distances are shown to posses fast implementations and are included in an adapted Variational Auto-Encoder termed X-ray Sobolev Variational Auto-Encoder (XS-VAE) which produces good quality results on standard generative datasets. 
### 72.An adaptive and fully automatic method for estimating the 3D position of bendable instruments using endoscopic images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13125.pdf)
>  Background. Flexible bendable instruments are key tools for performing surgical endoscopy. Being able to measure the 3D position of such instruments can be useful for various tasks, such as controlling automatically robotized instruments and analyzing motions. Methods. We propose an automatic method to infer the 3D pose of a single bending section instrument, using only the images provided by a monocular camera embedded at the tip of the endoscope. The proposed method relies on colored markers attached onto the bending section. The image of the instrument is segmented using a graph-based method and the corners of the markers are extracted by detecting the color transition along B{}zier curves fitted on edge points. These features are accurately located and then used to estimate the 3D pose of the instrument using an adaptive model that allows to take into account the mechanical play between the instrument and its housing channel. Results. The feature extraction method provides good localization of markers corners with images of in vivo environment despite sensor saturation due to strong lighting. The RMS error on the estimation of the tip position of the instrument for laboratory experiments was 2.1, 1.96, 3.18 mm in the x, y and z directions respectively. Qualitative analysis in the case of in vivo images shows the ability to correctly estimate the 3D position of the instrument tip during real motions. Conclusions. The proposed method provides an automatic and accurate estimation of the 3D position of the tip of a bendable instrument in realistic conditions, where standard approaches fail. 
### 73.Weakly Supervised Cell Instance Segmentation by Propagating from Detection Response  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13077.pdf)
>  Cell shape analysis is important in biomedical research. Deep learning methods may perform to segment individual cells if they use sufficient training data that the boundary of each cell is annotated. However, it is very time-consuming for preparing such detailed annotation for many cell culture conditions. In this paper, we propose a weakly supervised method that can segment individual cell regions who touch each other with unclear boundaries in dense conditions without the training data for cell regions. We demonstrated the efficacy of our method using several data-set including multiple cell types captured by several types of microscopy. Our method achieved the highest accuracy compared with several conventional methods. In addition, we demonstrated that our method can perform without any annotation by using fluorescence images that cell nuclear were stained as training data. Code is publicly available in "<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/naivete5656/WSISPDR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>". 
### 74.Detecting anthropogenic cloud perturbations with deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13061.pdf)
>  One of the most pressing questions in climate science is that of the effect of anthropogenic aerosol on the Earth's energy balance. Aerosols provide the `seeds' on which cloud droplets form, and changes in the amount of aerosol available to a cloud can change its brightness and other physical properties such as optical thickness and spatial extent. Clouds play a critical role in moderating global temperatures and small perturbations can lead to significant amounts of cooling or warming. Uncertainty in this effect is so large it is not currently known if it is negligible, or provides a large enough cooling to largely negate present-day warming by CO2. This work uses deep convolutional neural networks to look for two particular perturbations in clouds due to anthropogenic aerosol and assess their properties and prevalence, providing valuable insights into their climatic effects. 
### 75.Learning Modular Representations for Long-Term Multi-Agent Motion Predictions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.13044.pdf)
>  Context plays a significant role in the generation of motion for dynamic agents in interactive environments. This work proposes a modular method that utilises a model of the environment to aid motion prediction of tracked agents. This paper shows that modelling the spatial and dynamic aspects of a given environment alongside the local per agent behaviour results in more accurate and informed long-term motion prediction. Further, we observe that this decoupling of dynamics and environment models allows for better generalisation to unseen environments, requiring that only a spatial representation of a new environment be learned. We highlight the model's prediction capability using a benchmark pedestrian tracking problem and by tracking a robot arm performing a tabletop manipulation task. The proposed approach allows for robust and data efficient forward modelling, and relaxes the need for full model re-training in new environments. We evaluate this through an ablation study which shows better performance gain when decoupling representation modules in addition to improved generalisation on tasks with dynamics unseen at training time. 
### 76.Enhancing Passive Non-Line-of-Sight Imaging Using Polarization Cues  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12906.pdf)
>  This paper presents a method of passive non-line-of-sight (NLOS) imaging using polarization cues. A key observation is that the oblique light has a different polarimetric signal. It turns out this effect is due to the polarization axis rotation, a phenomena which can be used to better condition the light transport matrix for non-line-of-sight imaging. Our analysis and results show that the use of a polarizer in front of the camera is not only a separate technique, but it can be seen as an enhancement technique for more advanced forms of passive NLOS imaging. For example, this paper shows that polarization can enhance passive NLOS imaging both with and without occluders. In all tested cases, despite the light attenuation from polarization optics, recovery of the occluded images is improved. 
### 77.Applying Artificial Intelligence to Glioma Imaging: Advances and Challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12886.pdf)
>  Primary brain tumors including gliomas continue to pose significant management challenges to clinicians. While the presentation, the pathology, and the clinical course of these lesions is variable, the initial investigations are usually similar. Patients who are suspected to have a brain tumor will be assessed with computed tomography (CT) and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). The imaging findings are used by neurosurgeons to determine the feasibility of surgical resection and plan such an undertaking. Imaging studies are also an indispensable tool in tracking tumor progression or its response to treatment. As these imaging studies are non-invasive, relatively cheap and accessible to patients, there have been many efforts over the past two decades to increase the amount of clinically-relevant information that can be extracted from brain imaging. Most recently, artificial intelligence (AI) techniques have been employed to segment and characterize brain tumors, as well as to detect progression or treatment-response. However, the clinical utility of such endeavours remains limited due to challenges in data collection and annotation, model training, and in the reliability of AI-generated information. <br>We provide a review of recent advances in addressing the above challenges. First, to overcome the challenge of data paucity, different image imputation and synthesis techniques along with annotation collection efforts are summarized. Next, various training strategies are presented to meet multiple desiderata, such as model performance, generalization ability, data privacy protection, and learning with sparse annotations. Finally, standardized performance evaluation and model interpretability methods have been reviewed. We believe that these technical approaches will facilitate the development of a fully-functional AI tool in the clinical care of patients with gliomas. 
### 78.Quality analysis of DCGAN-generated mammography lesions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12850.pdf)
>  Medical image synthesis has gained a great focus recently, especially after the introduction of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). GANs have been used widely to provide anatomically-plausible and diverse samples for augmentation and other applications, including segmentation and super resolution. In our previous work, Deep Convolutional GANs were used to generate synthetic mammogram lesions, masses mainly, that could enhance the classification performance in imbalanced datasets. In this new work, a deeper investigation was carried out to explore other aspects of the generated images evaluation, i.e., realism, feature space distribution, and observers studies. t-Stochastic Neighbor Embedding (t-SNE) was used to reduce the dimensionality of real and fake images to enable 2D visualisations. Additionally, two expert radiologists performed a realism-evaluation study. Visualisations showed that the generated images have a similar feature distribution of the real ones, avoiding outliers. Moreover, Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve showed that the radiologists could not, in many cases, distinguish between synthetic and real lesions, giving 48% and 61% accuracies in a balanced sample set. 
### 79.Detection and Mitigation of Rare Subclasses in Neural Network Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12780.pdf)
>  Regions of high-dimensional input spaces that are underrepresented in training datasets reduce machine-learnt classifier performance, and may lead to corner cases and unwanted bias for classifiers used in decision making systems. When these regions belong to otherwise well-represented classes, their presence and negative impact are very hard to identify. We propose an approach for the detection and mitigation of such rare subclasses in neural network classifiers. The new approach is underpinned by an easy-to-compute commonality metric that supports the detection of rare subclasses, and comprises methods for reducing their impact during both model training and model exploitation. 
### 80.Unbiased Evaluation of Deep Metric Learning Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12528.pdf)
>  Deep metric learning (DML) is a popular approach for images retrieval, solving verification (same or not) problems and addressing open set classification. Arguably, the most common DML approach is with triplet loss, despite significant advances in the area of DML. Triplet loss suffers from several issues such as collapse of the embeddings, high sensitivity to sampling schemes and more importantly a lack of performance when compared to more modern methods. We attribute this adoption to a lack of fair comparisons between various methods and the difficulty in adopting them for novel problem statements. In this paper, we perform an unbiased comparison of the most popular DML baseline methods under same conditions and more importantly, not obfuscating any hyper parameter tuning or adjustment needed to favor a particular method. We find, that under equal conditions several older methods perform significantly better than previously believed. In fact, our unified implementation of 12 recently introduced DML algorithms achieve state-of-the art performance on CUB200, CAR196, and Stanford Online products datasets which establishes a new set of baselines for future DML research. The codebase and all tuned hyperparameters will be open-sourced for reproducibility and to serve as a source of benchmark. 
### 81.Detecting total hip replacement prosthesis design on preoperative radiographs using deep convolutional neural network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.12387.pdf)
>  Identifying the design of a failed implant is a key step in preoperative planning of revision total joint arthroplasty. Manual identification of the implant design from radiographic images is time consuming and prone to error. Failure to identify the implant design preoperatively can lead to increased operating room time, more complex surgery, increased blood loss, increased bone loss, increased recovery time, and overall increased healthcare costs. In this study, we present a novel, fully automatic and interpretable approach to identify the design of total hip replacement (THR) implants from plain radiographs using deep convolutional neural network (CNN). CNN achieved 100% accuracy in identification of three commonly used THR implant designs. Such CNN can be used to automatically identify the design of a failed THR implant preoperatively in just a few seconds, saving time and improving the identification accuracy. This can potentially improve patient outcomes, free practitioners time, and reduce healthcare costs. 
