# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 2 Mar 2020
### 1.Applying Tensor Decomposition to image for Robustness against Adversarial Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12913.pdf)
>  Nowadays the deep learning technology is growing faster and shows dramatic performance in computer vision areas. However, it turns out a deep learning based model is highly vulnerable to some small perturbation called an adversarial attack. It can easily fool the deep learning model by adding small perturbations. On the other hand, tensor decomposition method widely uses for compressing the tensor data, including data matrix, image, etc. In this paper, we suggest combining tensor decomposition for defending the model against adversarial example. We verify this idea is simple and effective to resist adversarial attack. In addition, this method rarely degrades the original performance of clean data. We experiment on MNIST, CIFAR10 and ImageNet data and show our method robust on state-of-the-art attack methods. 
### 2.A Multi-Hypothesis Approach to Color Constancy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12896.pdf)
>  Contemporary approaches frame the color constancy problem as learning camera specific illuminant mappings. While high accuracy can be achieved on camera specific data, these models depend on camera spectral sensitivity and typically exhibit poor generalisation to new devices. Additionally, regression methods produce point estimates that do not explicitly account for potential ambiguities among plausible illuminant solutions, due to the ill-posed nature of the problem. We propose a Bayesian framework that naturally handles color constancy ambiguity via a multi-hypothesis strategy. Firstly, we select a set of candidate scene illuminants in a data-driven fashion and apply them to a target image to generate of set of corrected images. Secondly, we estimate, for each corrected image, the likelihood of the light source being achromatic using a camera-agnostic CNN. Finally, our method explicitly learns a final illumination estimate from the generated posterior probability distribution. Our likelihood estimator learns to answer a camera-agnostic question and thus enables effective multi-camera training by disentangling illuminant estimation from the supervised learning task. We extensively evaluate our proposed approach and additionally set a benchmark for novel sensor generalisation without re-training. Our method provides state-of-the-art accuracy on multiple public datasets (up to 11% median angular error improvement) while maintaining real-time execution. 
### 3.Sketch-to-Art: Synthesizing Stylized Art Images From Sketches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12888.pdf)
>  We propose a new approach for synthesizing fully detailed art-stylized images from sketches. Given a sketch, with no semantic tagging, and a reference image of a specific style, the model can synthesize meaningful details with colors and textures. The model consists of three modules designed explicitly for better artistic style capturing and generation. Based on a GAN framework, a dual-masked mechanism is introduced to enforce the content constraints (from the sketch), and a feature-map transformation technique is developed to strengthen the style consistency (to the reference image). Finally, an inverse procedure of instance-normalization is proposed to disentangle the style and content information, therefore yields better synthesis performance. Experiments demonstrate a significant qualitative and quantitative boost over baselines based on previous state-of-the-art techniques, adopted for the proposed process. 
### 4.Infrared and 3D skeleton feature fusion for RGB-D action recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12886.pdf)
>  A challenge of skeleton-based action recognition is the difficulty to classify actions with similar motions and object-related actions. Visual clues from other streams help in that regard. RGB data are sensible to illumination conditions, thus unusable in the dark. To alleviate this issue and still benefit from a visual stream, we propose a modular network (FUSION) combining skeleton and infrared data. A 2D convolutional neural network (CNN) is used as a pose module to extract features from skeleton data. A 3D CNN is used as an infrared module to extract visual cues from videos. Both feature vectors are then concatenated and exploited conjointly using a multilayer perceptron (MLP). Skeleton data also condition the infrared videos, providing a crop around the performing subjects and thus virtually focusing the attention of the infrared module. Ablation studies show that using pre-trained networks on other large scale datasets as our modules and data augmentation yield considerable improvements on the action classification accuracy. The strong contribution of our cropping strategy is also demonstrated. We evaluate our method on the NTU RGB+D dataset, the largest dataset for human action recognition from depth cameras, and report state-of-the-art performances. 
### 5.Indoor Scene Recognition in 3D  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12819.pdf)
>  Recognising in what type of environment one is located is an important perception task. For instance, for a robot operating in indoors it is helpful to be aware whether it is in a kitchen, a hallway or a bedroom. Existing approaches attempt to classify the scene based on 2D images or 2.5D range images. Here, we study scene recognition from 3D point cloud (or voxel) data, and show that it greatly outperforms methods based on 2D birds-eye views. Moreover, we advocate multi-task learning as a way of improving scene recognition, building on the fact that the scene type is highly correlated with the objects in the scene, and therefore with its semantic segmentation into different object classes. In a series of ablation studies, we show that successful scene recognition is not just the recognition of individual objects unique to some scene type (such as a bathtub), but depends on several different cues, including coarse 3D geometry, colour, and the (implicit) distribution of object categories. Moreover, we demonstrate that surprisingly sparse 3D data is sufficient to classify indoor scenes with good accuracy. 
### 6.Adversarial Deepfakes: Evaluating Vulnerability of Deepfake Detectors to Adversarial Examples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12749.pdf)
>  Recent advances in video manipulation techniques have made the generation of fake videos more accessible than ever before. Manipulated videos can fuel disinformation and reduce trust in media. Therefore detection of fake videos has garnered immense interest in academia and industry. Recently developed Deepfake detection methods rely on deep neural networks (DNNs) to distinguish AI-generated fake videos from real videos. In this work, we demonstrate that it is possible to bypass such detectors by adversarially modifying fake videos synthesized using existing Deepfake generation methods. We further demonstrate that our adversarial perturbations are robust to image and video compression codecs, making them a real-world threat. We present pipelines in both white-box and black-box attack scenarios that can fool DNN based Deepfake detectors into classifying fake videos as real. 
### 7.Predicting Sharp and Accurate Occlusion Boundaries in Monocular Depth Estimation Using Displacement Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12730.pdf)
>  Current methods for depth map prediction from monocular images tend to predict smooth, poorly localized contours for the occlusion boundaries in the input image. This is unfortunate as occlusion boundaries are important cues to recognize objects, and as we show, may lead to a way to discover new objects from scene reconstruction. To improve predicted depth maps, recent methods rely on various forms of filtering or predict an additive residual depth map to refine a first estimate. We instead learn to predict, given a depth map predicted by some reconstruction method, a 2D displacement field able to re-sample pixels around the occlusion boundaries into sharper reconstructions. Our method can be applied to the output of any depth estimation method, in an end-to-end trainable fashion. For evaluation, we manually annotated the occlusion boundaries in all the images in the test split of popular NYUv2-Depth dataset. We show that our approach improves the localization of occlusion boundaries for all state-of-the-art monocular depth estimation methods that we could evaluate, without degrading the depth accuracy for the rest of the images. 
### 8.KeypointNet: A Large-scale 3D Keypoint Dataset Aggregated from Numerous Human Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12687.pdf)
>  Detecting 3D objects keypoints is of great interest to the areas of both graphics and computer vision. There have been several 2D and 3D keypoint datasets aiming to address this problem in a data-driven way. These datasets, however, either lack scalability or bring ambiguity to the definition of keypoints. Therefore, we present KeypointNet: the first large-scale and diverse 3D keypoint dataset that contains 83,060 keypoints and 8,329 3D models from 16 object categories, by leveraging numerous human annotations. To handle the inconsistency between annotations from different people, we propose a novel method to aggregate these keypoints automatically, through minimization of a fidelity loss. Finally, ten state-of-the-art methods are benchmarked on our proposed dataset. 
### 9.A Spatiotemporal Volumetric Interpolation Network for 4D Dynamic Medical Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12680.pdf)
>  Dynamic medical imaging is usually limited in application due to the large radiation doses and longer image scanning and reconstruction times. Existing methods attempt to reduce the dynamic sequence by interpolating the volumes between the acquired image volumes. However, these methods are limited to either 2D images and/or are unable to support large variations in the motion between the image volume sequences. In this paper, we present a spatiotemporal volumetric interpolation network (SVIN) designed for 4D dynamic medical images. SVIN introduces dual networks: first is the spatiotemporal motion network that leverages the 3D convolutional neural network (CNN) for unsupervised parametric volumetric registration to derive spatiotemporal motion field from two-image volumes; the second is the sequential volumetric interpolation network, which uses the derived motion field to interpolate image volumes, together with a new regression-based module to characterize the periodic motion cycles in functional organ structures. We also introduce an adaptive multi-scale architecture to capture the volumetric large anatomy motions. Experimental results demonstrated that our SVIN outperformed state-of-the-art temporal medical interpolation methods and natural video interpolation methods that have been extended to support volumetric images. Our ablation study further exemplified that our motion network was able to better represent the large functional motion compared with the state-of-the-art unsupervised medical registration methods. 
### 10.Inverse Graphics GAN: Learning to Generate 3D Shapes from Unstructured 2D Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12674.pdf)
>  Recent work has shown the ability to learn generative models for 3D shapes from only unstructured 2D images. However, training such models requires differentiating through the rasterization step of the rendering process, therefore past work has focused on developing bespoke rendering models which smooth over this non-differentiable process in various ways. Such models are thus unable to take advantage of the photo-realistic, fully featured, industrial renderers built by the gaming and graphics industry. In this paper we introduce the first scalable training technique for 3D generative models from 2D data which utilizes an off-the-shelf non-differentiable renderer. To account for the non-differentiability, we introduce a proxy neural renderer to match the output of the non-differentiable renderer. We further propose discriminator output matching to ensure that the neural renderer learns to smooth over the rasterization appropriately. We evaluate our model on images rendered from our generated 3D shapes, and show that our model can consistently learn to generate better shapes than existing models when trained with exclusively unstructured 2D images. 
### 11.A U-Net Based Discriminator for Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12655.pdf)
>  Among the major remaining challenges for generative adversarial networks (GANs) is the capacity to synthesize globally and locally coherent images with object shapes and textures indistinguishable from real images. To target this issue we propose an alternative U-Net based discriminator architecture, borrowing the insights from the segmentation literature. The proposed U-Net based architecture allows to provide detailed per-pixel feedback to the generator while maintaining the global coherence of synthesized images, by providing the global image feedback as well. Empowered by the per-pixel response of the discriminator, we further propose a per-pixel consistency regularization technique based on the CutMix data augmentation, encouraging the U-Net discriminator to focus more on semantic and structural changes between real and fake images. This improves the U-Net discriminator training, further enhancing the quality of generated samples. The novel discriminator improves over the state of the art in terms of the standard distribution and image quality metrics, enabling the generator to synthesize images with varying structure, appearance and levels of detail, maintaining global and local realism. Compared to the BigGAN baseline, we achieve an average improvement of 2.7 FID points across FFHQ, CelebA, and the newly introduced COCO-Animals dataset. 
### 12.4D Association Graph for Realtime Multi-person Motion Capture Using Multiple Video Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12625.pdf)
>  This paper contributes a novel realtime multi-person motion capture algorithm using multiview video inputs. Due to the heavy occlusions in each view, joint optimization on the multiview images and multiple temporal frames is indispensable, which brings up the essential challenge of realtime efficiency. To this end, for the first time, we unify per-view parsing, cross-view matching, and temporal tracking into a single optimization framework, i.e., a 4D association graph that each dimension (image space, viewpoint and time) can be treated equally and simultaneously. To solve the 4D association graph efficiently, we further contribute the idea of 4D limb bundle parsing based on heuristic searching, followed with limb bundle assembling by proposing a bundle Kruskal's algorithm. Our method enables a realtime online motion capture system running at 30fps using 5 cameras on a 5-person scene. Benefiting from the unified parsing, matching and tracking constraints, our method is robust to noisy detection, and achieves high-quality online pose reconstruction quality. The proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art method quantitatively without using high-level appearance information. We also contribute a multiview video dataset synchronized with a marker-based motion capture system for scientific evaluation. 
### 13.MINA: Convex Mixed-Integer Programming for Non-Rigid Shape Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12623.pdf)
>  We present a convex mixed-integer programming formulation for non-rigid shape matching. To this end, we propose a novel shape deformation model based on an efficient low-dimensional discrete model, so that finding a globally optimal solution is tractable in (most) practical cases. Our approach combines several favourable properties: it is independent of the initialisation, it is much more efficient to solve to global optimality compared to analogous quadratic assignment problem formulations, and it is highly flexible in terms of the variants of matching problems it can handle. Experimentally we demonstrate that our approach outperforms existing methods for sparse shape matching, that it can be used for initialising dense shape matching methods, and we showcase its flexibility on several examples. 
### 14.SCALE-Net: Scalable Vehicle Trajectory Prediction Network under Random Number of Interacting Vehicles via Edge-enhanced Graph Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12609.pdf)
>  Predicting the future trajectory of surrounding vehicles in a randomly varying traffic level is one of the most challenging problems in developing an autonomous vehicle. Since there is no pre-defined number of interacting vehicles participate in, the prediction network has to be scalable with respect to the vehicle number in order to guarantee the consistency in terms of both accuracy and computational load. In this paper, the first fully scalable trajectory prediction network, SCALE-Net, is proposed that can ensure both higher prediction performance and consistent computational load regardless of the number of surrounding vehicles. The SCALE-Net employs the Edge-enhance Graph Convolutional Neural Network (EGCN) for the inter-vehicular interaction embedding network. Since the proposed EGCN is inherently scalable with respect to the graph node (an agent in this study), the model can be operated independently from the total number of vehicles considered. We evaluated the scalability of the SCALE-Net on the publically available NGSIM datasets by comparing variations on computation time and prediction accuracy per single driving scene with respect to the varying vehicle number. The experimental test shows that both computation time and prediction performance of the SCALE-Net consistently outperform those of previous models regardless of the level of traffic complexities. 
### 15.Exploring and Distilling Cross-Modal Information for Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12585.pdf)
>  Recently, attention-based encoder-decoder models have been used extensively in image captioning. Yet there is still great difficulty for the current methods to achieve deep image understanding. In this work, we argue that such understanding requires visual attention to correlated image regions and semantic attention to coherent attributes of interest. To perform effective attention, we explore image captioning from a cross-modal perspective and propose the Global-and-Local Information Exploring-and-Distilling approach that explores and distills the source information in vision and language. It globally provides the aspect vector, a spatial and relational representation of images based on caption contexts, through the extraction of salient region groupings and attribute collocations, and locally extracts the fine-grained regions and attributes in reference to the aspect vector for word selection. Our fully-attentive model achieves a CIDEr score of 129.3 in offline COCO evaluation on the COCO testing set with remarkable efficiency in terms of accuracy, speed, and parameter budget. 
### 16.Neural Inheritance Relation Guided One-Shot Layer Assignment Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12580.pdf)
>  Layer assignment is seldom picked out as an independent research topic in neural architecture search. In this paper, for the first time, we systematically investigate the impact of different layer assignments to the network performance by building an architecture dataset of layer assignment on CIFAR-100. Through analyzing this dataset, we discover a neural inheritance relation among the networks with different layer assignments, that is, the optimal layer assignments for deeper networks always inherit from those for shallow networks. Inspired by this neural inheritance relation, we propose an efficient one-shot layer assignment search approach via inherited sampling. Specifically, the optimal layer assignment searched in the shallow network can be provided as a strong sampling priori to train and search the deeper ones in supernet, which extremely reduces the network search space. Comprehensive experiments carried out on CIFAR-100 illustrate the efficiency of our proposed method. Our search results are strongly consistent with the optimal ones directly selected from the architecture dataset. To further confirm the generalization of our proposed method, we also conduct experiments on Tiny-ImageNet and ImageNet. Our searched results are remarkably superior to the handcrafted ones under the unchanged computational budgets. The neural inheritance relation discovered in this paper can provide insights to the universal neural architecture search. 
### 17.MANet: Multimodal Attention Network based Point- View fusion for 3D Shape Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12573.pdf)
>  3D shape recognition has attracted more and more attention as a task of 3D vision research. The proliferation of 3D data encourages various deep learning methods based on 3D data. Now there have been many deep learning models based on point-cloud data or multi-view data alone. However, in the era of big data, integrating data of two different modals to obtain a unified 3D shape descriptor is bound to improve the recognition accuracy. Therefore, this paper proposes a fusion network based on multimodal attention mechanism for 3D shape recognition. Considering the limitations of multi-view data, we introduce a soft attention scheme, which can use the global point-cloud features to filter the multi-view features, and then realize the effective fusion of the two features. More specifically, we obtain the enhanced multi-view features by mining the contribution of each multi-view image to the overall shape recognition, and then fuse the point-cloud features and the enhanced multi-view features to obtain a more discriminative 3D shape descriptor. We have performed relevant experiments on the ModelNet40 dataset, and experimental results verify the effectiveness of our method. 
### 18.Hand-Priming in Object Localization for Assistive Egocentric Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12557.pdf)
>  Egocentric vision holds great promises for increasing access to visual information and improving the quality of life for people with visual impairments, with object recognition being one of the daily challenges for this population. While we strive to improve recognition performance, it remains difficult to identify which object is of interest to the user; the object may not even be included in the frame due to challenges in camera aiming without visual feedback. Also, gaze information, commonly used to infer the area of interest in egocentric vision, is often not dependable. However, blind users often tend to include their hand either interacting with the object that they wish to recognize or simply placing it in proximity for better camera aiming. We propose localization models that leverage the presence of the hand as the contextual information for priming the center area of the object of interest. In our approach, hand segmentation is fed to either the entire localization network or its last convolutional layers. Using egocentric datasets from sighted and blind individuals, we show that the hand-priming achieves higher precision than other approaches, such as fine-tuning, multi-class, and multi-task learning, which also encode hand-object interactions in localization. 
### 19.Automated classification of stems and leaves of potted plants based on point cloud data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12536.pdf)
>  The accurate classification of plant organs is a key step in monitoring the growing status and physiology of plants. A classification method was proposed to classify the leaves and stems of potted plants automatically based on the point cloud data of the plants, which is a nondestructive acquisition. The leaf point training samples were automatically extracted by using the three-dimensional convex hull algorithm, while stem point training samples were extracted by using the point density of a two-dimensional projection. The two training sets were used to classify all the points into leaf points and stem points by utilizing the support vector machine (SVM) algorithm. The proposed method was tested by using the point cloud data of three potted plants and compared with two other methods, which showed that the proposed method can classify leaf and stem points accurately and efficiently. 
### 20.A Video Analysis Method on Wanfang Dataset via Deep Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12535.pdf)
>  The topic of object detection has been largely improved recently, especially with the development of convolutional neural network. However, there still exist a lot of challenging cases, such as small object, compact and dense or highly overlapping object. Existing methods can detect multiple objects wonderfully, but because of the slight changes between frames, the detection effect of the model will become unstable, the detection results may result in dropping or increasing the object. In the pedestrian flow detection task, such phenomenon can not accurately calculate the flow. To solve this problem, in this paper, we describe the new function for real-time multi-object detection in sports competition and pedestrians flow detection in public based on deep learning. Our work is to extract a video clip and solve this frame of clips efficiently. More specfically, our algorithm includes two stages: judge method and optimization method. The judge can set a maximum threshold for better results under the model, the threshold value corresponds to the upper limit of the algorithm with better detection results. The optimization method to solve detection jitter problem. Because of the occurrence of frame hopping in the video, and it will result in the generation of video fragments discontinuity. We use optimization algorithm to get the key value, and then the detection result value of index is replaced by key value to stabilize the change of detection result sequence. Based on the proposed algorithm, we adopt wanfang sports competition dataset as the main test dataset and our own test dataset for YOLOv3-Abnormal Number Version(YOLOv3-ANV), which is 5.4% average improvement compared with existing methods. Also, video above the threshold value can be obtained for further analysis. Spontaneously, our work also can used for pedestrians flow detection and pedestrian alarm tasks. 
### 21.Detecting and Recovering Adversarial Examples: An Input Sensitivity Guided Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12527.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks undergo rapid development and achieve notable success in various tasks, including many security concerned scenarios. However, a considerable amount of works have proved its vulnerability in adversaries. To address this problem, we propose a Guided Robust and Efficient Defensive Model GRED integrating detection and recovery processes together. From the lens of the properties of gradient distribution of adversarial examples, our model detects malicious inputs effectively, as well as recovering the ground-truth label with high accuracy. Compared with commonly used adversarial training methods, our model is more efficient and outperforms state-of-the-art adversarial trained models by a large margin up to 99% on MNIST, 89 % on CIFAR-10 and 87% on ImageNet subsets. When exclusively compared with previous adversarial detection methods, the detector of GRED is robust under all threat settings with a detection rate of over 95% against most of the attacks. It is also demonstrated by empirical assessment that our model could increase attacking cost significantly resulting in either unacceptable time consuming or human perceptible image distortions. 
### 22.Utilizing Network Properties to Detect Erroneous Inputs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12520.pdf)
>  Neural networks are vulnerable to a wide range of erroneous inputs such as adversarial, corrupted, out-of-distribution, and misclassified examples. In this work, we train a linear SVM classifier to detect these four types of erroneous data using hidden and softmax feature vectors of pre-trained neural networks. Our results indicate that these faulty data types generally exhibit linearly separable activation properties from correct examples, giving us the ability to reject bad inputs with no extra training or overhead. We experimentally validate our findings across a diverse range of datasets, domains, pre-trained models, and adversarial attacks. 
### 23.DGST : Discriminator Guided Scene Text detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12509.pdf)
>  Scene text detection task has attracted considerable attention in computer vision because of its wide application. In recent years, many researchers have introduced methods of semantic segmentation into the task of scene text detection, and achieved promising results. This paper proposes a detector framework based on the conditional generative adversarial networks to improve the segmentation effect of scene text detection, called DGST (Discriminator Guided Scene Text detector). Instead of binary text score maps generated by some existing semantic segmentation based methods, we generate a multi-scale soft text score map with more information to represent the text position more reasonably, and solve the problem of text pixel adhesion in the process of text extraction. Experiments on standard datasets demonstrate that the proposed DGST brings noticeable gain and outperforms state-of-the-art methods. Specifically, it achieves an F-measure of 87% on ICDAR 2015 dataset. 
### 24.Detecting Patch Adversarial Attacks with Image Residuals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12504.pdf)
>  We introduce an adversarial sample detection algorithm based on image residuals, specifically designed to guard against patch-based attacks. The image residual is obtained as the difference between an input image and a denoised version of it, and a discriminator is trained to distinguish between clean and adversarial samples. More precisely, we use a wavelet domain algorithm for denoising images and demonstrate that the obtained residuals act as a digital fingerprint for adversarial attacks. To emulate the limitations of a physical adversary, we evaluate the performance of our approach against localized (patch-based) adversarial attacks, including in settings where the adversary has complete knowledge about the detection scheme. Our results show that the proposed detection method generalizes to previously unseen, stronger attacks and that it is able to reduce the success rate (conversely, increase the computational effort) of an adaptive attacker. 
### 25.Road Curb Detection and Localization with Monocular Forward-view Vehicle Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12492.pdf)
>  We propose a robust method for estimating road curb 3D parameters (size, location, orientation) using a calibrated monocular camera equipped with a fisheye lens. Automatic curb detection and localization is particularly important in the context of Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS), i.e. to prevent possible collision and damage of the vehicle's bumper during perpendicular and diagonal parking maneuvers. Combining 3D geometric reasoning with advanced vision-based detection methods, our approach is able to estimate the vehicle to curb distance in real time with mean accuracy of more than 90%, as well as its orientation, height and depth. <br>Our approach consists of two distinct components - curb detection in each individual video frame and temporal analysis. The first part comprises of sophisticated curb edges extraction and parametrized 3D curb template fitting. Using a few assumptions regarding the real world geometry, we can thus retrieve the curb's height and its relative position w.r.t. the moving vehicle on which the camera is mounted. Support Vector Machine (SVM) classifier fed with Histograms of Oriented Gradients (HOG) is used for appearance-based filtering out outliers. In the second part, the detected curb regions are tracked in the temporal domain, so as to perform a second pass of false positives rejection. <br>We have validated our approach on a newly collected database of 11 videos under different conditions. We have used point-wise LIDAR measurements and manual exhaustive labels as a ground truth. 
### 26.Cross-modality Person re-identification with Shared-Specific Feature Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12489.pdf)
>  Cross-modality person re-identification (cm-ReID) is a challenging but key technology for intelligent video analysis. Existing works mainly focus on learning common representation by embedding different modalities into a same feature space. However, only learning the common characteristics means great information loss, lowering the upper bound of feature distinctiveness. In this paper, we tackle the above limitation by proposing a novel cross-modality shared-specific feature transfer algorithm (termed cm-SSFT) to explore the potential of both the modality-shared information and the modality-specific characteristics to boost the re-identification performance. We model the affinities of different modality samples according to the shared features and then transfer both shared and specific features among and across modalities. We also propose a complementary feature learning strategy including modality adaption, project adversarial learning and reconstruction enhancement to learn discriminative and complementary shared and specific features of each modality, respectively. The entire cm-SSFT algorithm can be trained in an end-to-end manner. We conducted comprehensive experiments to validate the superiority of the overall algorithm and the effectiveness of each component. The proposed algorithm significantly outperforms state-of-the-arts by 22.5% and 19.3% mAP on the two mainstream benchmark datasets SYSU-MM01 and RegDB, respectively. 
### 27.Improving Learning Effectiveness For Object Detection and Classification in Cluttered Backgrounds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12467.pdf)
>  Usually, Neural Networks models are trained with a large dataset of images in homogeneous backgrounds. The issue is that the performance of the network models trained could be significantly degraded in a complex and heterogeneous environment. To mitigate the issue, this paper develops a framework that permits to autonomously generate a training dataset in heterogeneous cluttered backgrounds. It is clear that the learning effectiveness of the proposed framework should be improved in complex and heterogeneous environments, compared with the ones with the typical dataset. In our framework, a state-of-the-art image segmentation technique called DeepLab is used to extract objects of interest from a picture and Chroma-key technique is then used to merge the extracted objects of interest into specific heterogeneous backgrounds. The performance of the proposed framework is investigated through empirical tests and compared with that of the model trained with the COCO dataset. The results show that the proposed framework outperforms the model compared. This implies that the learning effectiveness of the framework developed is superior to the models with the typical dataset. 
### 28.Target Detection, Tracking and Avoidance System for Low-cost UAVs using AI-Based Approaches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12461.pdf)
>  An onboard target detection, tracking and avoidance system has been developed in this paper, for low-cost UAV flight controllers using AI-Based approaches. The aim of the proposed system is that an ally UAV can either avoid or track an unexpected enemy UAV with a net to protect itself. In this point of view, a simple and robust target detection, tracking and avoidance system is designed. Two open-source tools were used for the aim: a state-of-the-art object detection technique called SSD and an API for MAVLink compatible systems called MAVSDK. The MAVSDK performs velocity control when a UAV is detected so that the manoeuvre is done simply and efficiently. The proposed system was verified with Software in the loop (SITL) and Hardware in the loop (HITL) simulators. The simplicity of this algorithm makes it innovative, and therefore it should be used in future applications needing robust performances with low-cost hardware such as delivery drone applications. 
### 29.TGGLines: A Robust Topological Graph Guided Line Segment Detector for Low Quality Binary Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12428.pdf)
>  Line segment detection is an essential task in computer vision and image analysis, as it is the critical foundation for advanced tasks such as shape modeling and road lane line detection for autonomous driving. We present a robust topological graph guided approach for line segment detection in low quality binary images (hence, we call it TGGLines). Due to the graph-guided approach, TGGLines not only detects line segments, but also organizes the segments with a line segment connectivity graph, which means the topological relationships (e.g., intersection, an isolated line segment) of the detected line segments are captured and stored; whereas other line detectors only retain a collection of loose line segments. Our empirical results show that the TGGLines detector visually and quantitatively outperforms state-of-the-art line segment detection methods. In addition, our TGGLines approach has the following two competitive advantages: (1) our method only requires one parameter and it is adaptive, whereas almost all other line segment detection methods require multiple (non-adaptive) parameters, and (2) the line segments detected by TGGLines are organized by a line segment connectivity graph. 
### 30.MNN: A Universal and Efficient Inference Engine  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12418.pdf)
>  Deploying deep learning models on mobile devices draws more and more attention recently. However, designing an efficient inference engine on devices is under the great challenges of model compatibility, device diversity, and resource limitation. To deal with these challenges, we propose Mobile Neural Network (MNN), a universal and efficient inference engine tailored to mobile applications. In this paper, the contributions of MNN include: (1) presenting a mechanism called pre-inference that manages to conduct runtime optimization; (2)deliveringthorough kernel optimization on operators to achieve optimal computation performance; (3) introducing backend abstraction module which enables hybrid scheduling and keeps the engine lightweight. Extensive benchmark experiments demonstrate that MNN performs favorably against other popular lightweight deep learning frameworks. MNN is available to public at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/alibaba/MNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 31.Learning in the Frequency Domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12416.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have achieved remarkable success in computer vision tasks. Existing neural networks mainly operate in the spatial domain with fixed input sizes. For practical applications, images are usually large and have to be downsampled to the predetermined input size of neural networks. Even though the downsampling operations reduce computation and the required communication bandwidth, it removes both redundant and salient information obliviously, which results in accuracy degradation. Inspired by digital signal processing theories, we analyze the spectral bias from the frequency perspective and propose a learning-based frequency selection method to identify the trivial frequency components which can be removed without accuracy loss. The proposed method of learning in the frequency domain leverages identical structures of the well-known neural networks, such as ResNet-50, MobileNetV2, and Mask R-CNN, while accepting the frequency-domain information as the input. Experiment results show that learning in the frequency domain with static channel selection can achieve higher accuracy than the conventional spatial downsampling approach and meanwhile further reduce the input data size. Specifically for ImageNet classification with the same input size, the proposed method achieves 1.41% and 0.66% top-1 accuracy improvements on ResNet-50 and MobileNetV2, respectively. Even with half input size, the proposed method still improves the top-1 accuracy on ResNet-50 by 1%. In addition, we observe a 0.8% average precision improvement on Mask R-CNN for instance segmentation on the COCO dataset. 
### 32.SilhoNet-Fisheye: Adaptation of A ROI Based Object Pose Estimation Network to Monocular Fisheye Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12415.pdf)
>  There has been much recent interest in deep learning methods for monocular image based object pose estimation. While object pose estimation is an important problem for autonomous robot interaction with the physical world, and the application space for monocular-based methods is expansive, there has been little work on applying these methods with fisheye imaging systems. Also, little exists in the way of annotated fisheye image datasets on which these methods can be developed and tested. The research landscape is even more sparse for object detection methods applied in the underwater domain, fisheye image based or otherwise. In this work, we present a novel framework for adapting a ROI-based 6D object pose estimation method to work on full fisheye images. The method incorporates the gnomic projection of regions of interest from an intermediate spherical image representation to correct for the fisheye distortions. Further, we contribute a fisheye image dataset, called UWHandles, collected in natural underwater environments, with 6D object pose and 2D bounding box annotations. 
### 33.Brain-Inspired Model for Incremental Learning Using a Few Examples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12411.pdf)
>  Incremental learning attempts to develop a classifier which learns continuously from a stream of data segregated into different classes. Deep learning approaches suffer from catastrophic forgetting when learning classes incrementally. We propose a novel approach to incremental learning inspired by the concept learning model of the hippocampus that represents each image class as centroids and does not suffer from catastrophic forgetting. Classification of a test image is accomplished using the distance of the test image to the n closest centroids. We further demonstrate that our approach can incrementally learn from only a few examples per class. Evaluations of our approach on three class-incremental learning benchmarks: Caltech-101, CUBS-200-2011 and CIFAR-100 for incremental and few-shot incremental learning depict state-of-the-art results in terms of classification accuracy over all learned classes. 
### 34.Affinity guided Geometric Semi-Supervised Metric Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12394.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the semi-supervised metric learning problem, where we learn a distance metric using very few labeled examples, and additionally available unlabeled data. To address the limitations of existing semi-supervised approaches, we integrate some of the best practices across metric learning, to achieve the state-of-the-art in the semi-supervised setting. In particular, we make use of a graph-based approach to propagate the affinities or similarities among the limited labeled pairs to the unlabeled data. Considering the neighborhood of an example, we take into account the propagated affinities to mine triplet constraints. An angular loss is imposed on these triplets to learn a metric. Additionally, we impose orthogonality on the parameters of the learned embedding to avoid a model collapse. In contrast to existing approaches, we propose a stochastic approach that scales well to large-scale datasets. We outperform various semi-supervised metric learning approaches on a number of benchmark datasets. 
### 35.Joint 2D-3D Breast Cancer Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12392.pdf)
>  Breast cancer is the malignant tumor that causes the highest number of cancer deaths in females. Digital mammograms (DM or 2D mammogram) and digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT or 3D mammogram) are the two types of mammography imagery that are used in clinical practice for breast cancer detection and diagnosis. Radiologists usually read both imaging modalities in combination; however, existing computer-aided diagnosis tools are designed using only one imaging modality. Inspired by clinical practice, we propose an innovative convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture for breast cancer classification, which uses both 2D and 3D mammograms, simultaneously. Our experiment shows that the proposed method significantly improves the performance of breast cancer classification. By assembling three CNN classifiers, the proposed model achieves 0.97 AUC, which is 34.72% higher than the methods using only one imaging modality. 
### 36.Review: Noise and artifact reduction for MRI using deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12889.pdf)
>  For several years, numerous attempts have been made to reduce noise and artifacts in MRI. Although there have been many successful methods to address these problems, practical implementation for clinical images is still challenging because of its complicated mechanism. Recently, deep learning received considerable attention, emerging as a machine learning approach in delivering robust MR image processing. The purpose here is therefore to explore further and review noise and artifact reduction using deep learning for MRI. 
### 37.Neural Network Segmentation of Interstitial Fibrosis, Tubular Atrophy, and Glomerulosclerosis in Renal Biopsies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12868.pdf)
>  Glomerulosclerosis, interstitial fibrosis, and tubular atrophy (IFTA) are histologic indicators of irrecoverable kidney injury. In standard clinical practice, the renal pathologist visually assesses, under the microscope, the percentage of sclerotic glomeruli and the percentage of renal cortical involvement by IFTA. Estimation of IFTA is a subjective process due to a varied spectrum and definition of morphological manifestations. Modern artificial intelligence and computer vision algorithms have the ability to reduce inter-observer variability through rigorous quantitation. In this work, we apply convolutional neural networks for the segmentation of glomerulosclerosis and IFTA in periodic acid-Schiff stained renal biopsies. The convolutional network approach achieves high performance in intra-institutional holdout data, and achieves moderate performance in inter-intuitional holdout data, which the network had never seen in training. The convolutional approach demonstrated interesting properties, such as learning to predict regions better than the provided ground truth as well as developing its own conceptualization of segmental sclerosis. Subsequent estimations of IFTA and glomerulosclerosis percentages showed high correlation with ground truth. 
### 38.HOTCAKE: Higher Order Tucker Articulated Kernels for Deeper CNN Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12663.pdf)
>  The emerging edge computing has promoted immense interests in compacting a neural network without sacrificing much accuracy. In this regard, low-rank tensor decomposition constitutes a powerful tool to compress convolutional neural networks (CNNs) by decomposing the 4-way kernel tensor into multi-stage smaller ones. Building on top of Tucker-2 decomposition, we propose a generalized Higher Order Tucker Articulated Kernels (HOTCAKE) scheme comprising four steps: input channel decomposition, guided Tucker rank selection, higher order Tucker decomposition and fine-tuning. By subjecting each CONV layer to HOTCAKE, a highly compressed CNN model with graceful accuracy trade-off is obtained. Experiments show HOTCAKE can compress even pre-compressed models and produce state-of-the-art lightweight networks. 
### 39.An Efficient Method of Training Small Models for Regression Problems with Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12597.pdf)
>  Compressing deep neural network (DNN) models becomes a very important and necessary technique for real-world applications, such as deploying those models on mobile devices. Knowledge distillation is one of the most popular methods for model compression, and many studies have been made on developing this technique. However, those studies mainly focused on classification problems, and very few attempts have been made on regression problems, although there are many application of DNNs on regression problems. In this paper, we propose a new formalism of knowledge distillation for regression problems. First, we propose a new loss function, teacher outlier rejection loss, which rejects outliers in training samples using teacher model predictions. Second, we consider a multi-task network with two outputs: one estimates training labels which is in general contaminated by noisy labels; And the other estimates teacher model's output which is expected to modify the noise labels following the memorization effects. By considering the multi-task network, training of the feature extraction of student models becomes more effective, and it allows us to obtain a better student model than one trained from scratch. We performed comprehensive evaluation with one simple toy model: sinusoidal function, and two open datasets: MPIIGaze, and Multi-PIE. Our results show consistent improvement in accuracy regardless of the annotation error level in the datasets. 
### 40.Regional Registration of Whole Slide Image Stacks Containing Highly Deformed Artefacts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12588.pdf)
>  Motivation: High resolution 2D whole slide imaging provides rich information about the tissue structure. This information can be a lot richer if these 2D images can be stacked into a 3D tissue volume. A 3D analysis, however, requires accurate reconstruction of the tissue volume from the 2D image stack. This task is not trivial due to the distortions that each individual tissue slice experiences while cutting and mounting the tissue on the glass slide. Performing registration for the whole tissue slices may be adversely affected by the deformed tissue regions. Consequently, regional registration is found to be more effective. In this paper, we propose an accurate and robust regional registration algorithm for whole slide images which incrementally focuses registration on the area around the region of interest. Results: Using mean similarity index as the metric, the proposed algorithm (mean $\pm$ std: $0.84 \pm 0.11$) followed by a fine registration algorithm ($0.86 \pm 0.08$) outperformed the state-of-the-art linear whole tissue registration algorithm ($0.74 \pm 0.19$) and the regional version of this algorithm ($0.81 \pm 0.15$). The proposed algorithm also outperforms the state-of-the-art nonlinear registration algorithm (original : $0.82 \pm 0.12$, regional : $0.77 \pm 0.22$) for whole slide images and a recently proposed patch-based registration algorithm (patch size 256: $0.79 \pm 0.16$ , patch size 512: $0.77 \pm 0.16$) for medical images. Availability: The C++ implementation code is available online at the github repository: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MahsaPaknezhad/WSIRegistration" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 41.Class-Specific Blind Deconvolutional Phase Retrieval Under a Generative Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12578.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider the highly ill-posed problem of jointly recovering two real-valued signals from the phaseless measurements of their circular convolution. The problem arises in various imaging modalities such as Fourier ptychography, X-ray crystallography, and in visible light communication. We propose to solve this inverse problem using alternating gradient descent algorithm under two pretrained deep generative networks as priors; one is trained on sharp images and the other on blur kernels. The proposed recovery algorithm strives to find a sharp image and a blur kernel in the range of the respective pre-generators that \textit{best} explain the forward measurement model. In doing so, we are able to reconstruct quality image estimates. Moreover, the numerics show that the proposed approach performs well on the challenging measurement models that reflect the physically realizable imaging systems and is also robust to noise 
### 42.RSANet: Recurrent Slice-wise Attention Network for Multiple Sclerosis Lesion Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12470.pdf)
>  Brain lesion volume measured on T2 weighted MRI images is a clinically important disease marker in multiple sclerosis (MS). Manual delineation of MS lesions is a time-consuming and highly operator-dependent task, which is influenced by lesion size, shape and conspicuity. Recently, automated lesion segmentation algorithms based on deep neural networks have been developed with promising results. In this paper, we propose a novel recurrent slice-wise attention network (RSANet), which models 3D MRI images as sequences of slices and captures long-range dependencies through a recurrent manner to utilize contextual information of MS lesions. Experiments on a dataset with 43 patients show that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches. Our implementation is available online at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tinymilky/RSANet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 43.LEEP: A New Measure to Evaluate Transferability of Learned Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12462.pdf)
>  We introduce a new measure to evaluate the transferability of representations learned by classifiers. Our measure, the Log Expected Empirical Prediction (LEEP), is simple and easy to compute: when given a classifier trained on a source data set, it only requires running the target data set through this classifier once. We analyze the properties of LEEP theoretically and demonstrate its effectiveness empirically. Our analysis shows that LEEP can predict the performance and convergence speed of both transfer and meta-transfer learning methods, even for small or imbalanced data. Moreover, LEEP outperforms recently proposed transferability measures such as negative conditional entropy and H scores. Notably, when transferring from ImageNet to CIFAR100, LEEP can achieve up to 30% improvement compared to the best competing method in terms of the correlations with actual transfer accuracy. 
### 44.Is the Meta-Learning Idea Able to Improve the Generalization of Deep Neural Networks on the Standard Supervised Learning?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12455.pdf)
>  Substantial efforts have been made on improving the generalization abilities of deep neural networks (DNNs) in order to obtain better performances without introducing more parameters. On the other hand, meta-learning approaches exhibit powerful generalization on new tasks in few-shot learning. Intuitively, few-shot learning is more challenging than the standard supervised learning as each target class only has a very few or no training samples. The natural question that arises is whether the meta-learning idea can be used for improving the generalization of DNNs on the standard supervised learning. In this paper, we propose a novel meta-learning based training procedure (MLTP) for DNNs and demonstrate that the meta-learning idea can indeed improve the generalization abilities of DNNs. MLTP simulates the meta-training process by considering a batch of training samples as a task. The key idea is that the gradient descent step for improving the current task performance should also improve a new task performance, which is ignored by the current standard procedure for training neural networks. MLTP also benefits from all the existing training techniques such as dropout, weight decay, and batch normalization. We evaluate MLTP by training a variety of small and large neural networks on three benchmark datasets, i.e., CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and Tiny ImageNet. The experimental results show a consistently improved generalization performance on all the DNNs with different sizes, which verifies the promise of MLTP and demonstrates that the meta-learning idea is indeed able to improve the generalization of DNNs on the standard supervised learning. 
### 45.Provable Robust Learning Based on Transformation-Specific Smoothing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12398.pdf)
>  As machine learning systems become pervasive, safeguarding their security is critical. Recent work has demonstrated that motivated adversaries could manipulate the test data to mislead ML systems to make arbitrary mistakes. So far, most research has focused on providing provable robustness guarantees for a specific $\ell_p$ norm bounded adversarial perturbation. However, in practice there are more adversarial transformations that are realistic and of semantic meaning, requiring to be analyzed and ideally certified. In this paper we aim to provide {\em a unified framework for certifying ML model robustness against general adversarial transformations}. First, we leverage the function smoothing strategy to certify robustness against a series of adversarial transformations such as rotation, translation, Gaussian blur, etc. We then provide sufficient conditions and strategies for certifying certain transformations. For instance, we propose a novel sampling based interpolation approach with the estimated Lipschitz upper bound to certify the robustness against rotation transformation. In addition, we theoretically optimize the smoothing strategies for certifying the robustness of ML models against different transformations. For instance, we show that smoothing by sampling from exponential distribution provides tighter robustness bound than Gaussian. We also prove two generalization gaps for the proposed framework to understand its theoretic barrier. Extensive experiments show that our proposed unified framework significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art certified robustness approaches on several datasets including ImageNet. 
### 46.NeurIPS 2019 Disentanglement Challenge: Improved Disentanglement through Learned Aggregation of Convolutional Feature Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.12356.pdf)
>  This report to our stage 2 submission to the NeurIPS 2019 disentanglement challenge presents a simple image preprocessing method for learning disentangled latent factors. We propose to train a variational autoencoder on regionally aggregated feature maps obtained from networks pretrained on the ImageNet database, utilizing the implicit inductive bias contained in those features for disentanglement. This bias can be further enhanced by explicitly fine-tuning the feature maps on auxiliary tasks useful for the challenge, such as angle, position estimation, or color classification. Our approach achieved the 2nd place in stage 2 of the challenge. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mseitzer/neurips2019-disentanglement-challenge" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
