# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 5 Mar 2020
### 1.Spatiotemporal-Aware Augmented Reality: Redefining HCI in Image-Guided Therapy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.02260.pdf)
>  Suboptimal interaction with patient data and challenges in mastering 3D anatomy based on ill-posed 2D interventional images are essential concerns in image-guided therapies. Augmented reality (AR) has been introduced in the operating rooms in the last decade; however, in image-guided interventions, it has often only been considered as a visualization device improving traditional workflows. As a consequence, the technology is gaining minimum maturity that it requires to redefine new procedures, user interfaces, and interactions. The main contribution of this paper is to reveal how exemplary workflows are redefined by taking full advantage of head-mounted displays when entirely co-registered with the imaging system at all times. The proposed AR landscape is enabled by co-localizing the users and the imaging devices via the operating room environment and exploiting all involved frustums to move spatial information between different bodies. The awareness of the system from the geometric and physical characteristics of X-ray imaging allows the redefinition of different human-machine interfaces. We demonstrate that this AR paradigm is generic, and can benefit a wide variety of procedures. Our system achieved an error of $4.76\pm2.91$ mm for placing K-wire in a fracture management procedure, and yielded errors of $1.57\pm1.16^\circ$ and $1.46\pm1.00^\circ$ in the abduction and anteversion angles, respectively, for total hip arthroplasty. We hope that our holistic approach towards improving the interface of surgery not only augments the surgeon's capabilities but also augments the surgical team's experience in carrying out an effective intervention with reduced complications and provide novel approaches of documenting procedures for training purposes. 
### 2.Robust Perceptual Night Vision in Thermal Colorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.02204.pdf)
>  Transforming a thermal infrared image into a robust perceptual colour Visible image is an ill-posed problem due to the differences in their spectral domains and in the objects' representations. Objects appear in one spectrum but not necessarily in the other, and the thermal signature of a single object may have different colours in its Visible representation. This makes a direct mapping from thermal to Visible images impossible and necessitates a solution that preserves texture captured in the thermal spectrum while predicting the possible colour for certain objects. In this work, a deep learning method to map the thermal signature from the thermal image's spectrum to a Visible representation in their low-frequency space is proposed. A pan-sharpening method is then used to merge the predicted low-frequency representation with the high-frequency representation extracted from the thermal image. The proposed model generates colour values consistent with the Visible ground truth when the object does not vary much in its appearance and generates averaged grey values in other cases. The proposed method shows robust perceptual night vision images in preserving the object's appearance and image context compared with the existing state-of-the-art. 
### 3.HintPose  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.02170.pdf)
>  Most of the top-down pose estimation models assume that there exists only one person in a bounding box. However, the assumption is not always correct. In this technical report, we introduce two ideas, instance cue and recurrent refinement, to an existing pose estimator so that the model is able to handle detection boxes with multiple persons properly. When we evaluated our model on the COCO17 keypoints dataset, it showed non-negligible improvement compared to its baseline model. Our model achieved 76.2 mAP as a single model and 77.3 mAP as an ensemble on the test-dev set without additional training data. After additional post-processing with a separate refinement network, our final predictions achieved 77.8 mAP on the COCO test-dev set. 
### 4.VESR-Net: The Winning Solution to Youku Video Enhancement and Super-Resolution Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.02115.pdf)
>  This paper introduces VESR-Net, a method for video enhancement and super-resolution (VESR). We design a separate non-local module to explore the relations among video frames and fuse video frames efficiently, and a channel attention residual block to capture the relations among feature maps for video frame reconstruction in VESR-Net. We conduct experiments to analyze the effectiveness of these designs in VESR-Net, which demonstrates the advantages of VESR-Net over previous state-of-the-art VESR methods. It is worth to mention that among more than thousands of participants for Youku video enhancement and super-resolution (Youku-VESR) challenge, our proposed VESR-Net beat other competitive methods and ranked the first place. 
### 5.Unity Style Transfer for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.02068.pdf)
>  Style variation has been a major challenge for person re-identification, which aims to match the same pedestrians across different cameras. Existing works attempted to address this problem with camera-invariant descriptor subspace learning. However, there will be more image artifacts when the difference between the images taken by different cameras is larger. To solve this problem, we propose a UnityStyle adaption method, which can smooth the style disparities within the same camera and across different cameras. Specifically, we firstly create UnityGAN to learn the style changes between cameras, producing shape-stable style-unity images for each camera, which is called UnityStyle images. Meanwhile, we use UnityStyle images to eliminate style differences between different images, which makes a better match between query and gallery. Then, we apply the proposed method to Re-ID models, expecting to obtain more style-robust depth features for querying. We conduct extensive experiments on widely used benchmark datasets to evaluate the performance of the proposed framework, the results of which confirm the superiority of the proposed model. 
### 6.Mixup Regularization for Region Proposal based Object Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.02065.pdf)
>  Mixup - a neural network regularization technique based on linear interpolation of labeled sample pairs - has stood out by its capacity to improve model's robustness and generalizability through a surprisingly simple formalism. However, its extension to the field of object detection remains unclear as the interpolation of bounding boxes cannot be naively defined. In this paper, we propose to leverage the inherent region mapping structure of anchors to introduce a mixup-driven training regularization for region proposal based object detectors. The proposed method is benchmarked on standard datasets with challenging detection settings. Our experiments show an enhanced robustness to image alterations along with an ability to decontextualize detections, resulting in an improved generalization power. 
### 7.Vehicle-Human Interactive Behaviors in Emergency: Data Extraction from Traffic Accident Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.02059.pdf)
>  Currently, studying the vehicle-human interactive behavior in the emergency needs a large amount of datasets in the actual emergent situations that are almost unavailable. Existing public data sources on autonomous vehicles (AVs) mainly focus either on the normal driving scenarios or on emergency situations without human involvement. To fill this gap and facilitate related research, this paper provides a new yet convenient way to extract the interactive behavior data (i.e., the trajectories of vehicles and humans) from actual accident videos that were captured by both the surveillance cameras and driving recorders. The main challenge for data extraction from real-time accident video lies in the fact that the recording cameras are un-calibrated and the angles of surveillance are unknown. The approach proposed in this paper employs image processing to obtain a new perspective which is different from the original video's perspective. Meanwhile, we manually detect and mark object feature points in each image frame. In order to acquire a gradient of reference ratios, a geometric model is implemented in the analysis of reference pixel value, and the feature points are then scaled to the object trajectory based on the gradient of ratios. The generated trajectories not only restore the object movements completely but also reflect changes in vehicle velocity and rotation based on the feature points distributions. 
### 8.Learning to Transfer Texture from Clothing Images to 3D Humans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.02050.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a simple yet effective method to automatically transfer textures of clothing images (front and back) to 3D garments worn on top SMPL, in real time. We first automatically compute training pairs of images with aligned 3D garments using a custom non-rigid 3D to 2D registration method, which is accurate but slow. Using these pairs, we learn a mapping from pixels to the 3D garment surface. Our idea is to learn dense correspondences from garment image silhouettes to a 2D-UV map of a 3D garment surface using shape information alone, completely ignoring texture, which allows us to generalize to the wide range of web images. Several experiments demonstrate that our model is more accurate than widely used baselines such as thin-plate-spline warping and image-to-image translation networks while being orders of magnitude faster. Our model opens the door for applications such as virtual-try on, and allows generation of 3D humans with varied textures which is necessary for learning. 
### 9.Annotation-free Learning of Deep Representations for Word Spotting using Synthetic Data and Self Labeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01989.pdf)
>  Word spotting is a popular tool for supporting the first exploration of historic, handwritten document collections. Today, the best performing methods rely on machine learning techniques, which require a high amount of annotated training material. As training data is usually not available in the application scenario, annotation-free methods aim at solving the retrieval task without representative training samples. In this work, we present an annotation-free method that still employs machine learning techniques and therefore outperforms other learning-free approaches. The weakly supervised training scheme relies on a lexicon, that does not need to precisely fit the dataset. In combination with a confidence based selection of pseudo-labeled training samples, we achieve state-of-the-art query-by-example performances. Furthermore, our method allows to perform query-by-string, which is usually not the case for other annotation-free methods. 
### 10.Occlusion Aware Unsupervised Learning of Optical Flow From Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01960.pdf)
>  In this paper, we proposed an unsupervised learning method for estimating the optical flow between video frames, especially to solve the occlusion problem. Occlusion is caused by the movement of an object or the movement of the camera, defined as when certain pixels are visible in one video frame but not in adjacent frames. Due to the lack of pixel correspondence between frames in the occluded area, incorrect photometric loss calculation can mislead the optical flow training process. In the video sequence, we found that the occlusion in the forward ($t\rightarrow t+1$) and backward ($t\rightarrow t-1$) frame pairs are usually complementary. That is, pixels that are occluded in subsequent frames are often not occluded in the previous frame and vice versa. Therefore, by using this complementarity, a new weighted loss is proposed to solve the occlusion problem. In addition, we calculate gradients in multiple directions to provide richer supervision information. Our method achieves competitive optical flow accuracy compared to the baseline and some supervised methods on KITTI 2012 and 2015 benchmarks. This source code has been released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jianfenglihg/UnOpticalFlow.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 11.Automatic Signboard Detection from Natural Scene Image in Context of Bangladesh Google Street View  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01936.pdf)
>  Automatic signboard region detection is the first step of information extraction about establishments from an image, especially when there is a complex background and multiple signboard regions are present in the image. Automatic signboard detection in Bangladesh is a challenging task because of low quality street view image, presence of overlapping objects and presence of signboard like objects which are not actually signboards. In this research, we provide a novel dataset from the perspective of Bangladesh city streets with an aim of signboard detection, namely Bangladesh Street View Signboard Objects (BSVSO) image dataset. We introduce a novel approach to detect signboard accurately by applying smart image processing techniques and statistically determined hyperparameter based deep learning method, Faster R-CNN. Comparison of different variations of this segmentation based learning method have also been performed in this research. 
### 12.Reveal of Domain Effect: How Visual Restoration Contributes to Object Detection in Aquatic Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01913.pdf)
>  Underwater robotic perception usually requires visual restoration and object detection, both of which have been studied for many years. Meanwhile, data domain has a huge impact on modern data-driven leaning process. However, exactly indicating domain effect, the relation between restoration and detection remains unclear. In this paper, we generally investigate the relation of quality-diverse data domain to detection performance. In the meantime, we unveil how visual restoration contributes to object detection in real-world underwater scenes. According to our analysis, five key discoveries are reported: 1) Domain quality has an ignorable effect on within-domain convolutional representation and detection accuracy; 2) low-quality domain leads to higher generalization ability in cross-domain detection; 3) low-quality domain can hardly be well learned in a domain-mixed learning process; 4) degrading recall efficiency, restoration cannot improve within-domain detection accuracy; 5) visual restoration is beneficial to detection in the wild by reducing the domain shift between training data and real-world scenes. Finally, as an illustrative example, we successfully perform underwater object detection with an aquatic robot. 
### 13.Double Backpropagation for Training Autoencoders against Adversarial Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01895.pdf)
>  Deep learning, as widely known, is vulnerable to adversarial samples. This paper focuses on the adversarial attack on autoencoders. Safety of the autoencoders (AEs) is important because they are widely used as a compression scheme for data storage and transmission, however, the current autoencoders are easily attacked, i.e., one can slightly modify an input but has totally different codes. The vulnerability is rooted the sensitivity of the autoencoders and to enhance the robustness, we propose to adopt double backpropagation (DBP) to secure autoencoder such as VAE and DRAW. We restrict the gradient from the reconstruction image to the original one so that the autoencoder is not sensitive to trivial perturbation produced by the adversarial attack. After smoothing the gradient by DBP, we further smooth the label by Gaussian Mixture Model (GMM), aiming for accurate and robust classification. We demonstrate in MNIST, CelebA, SVHN that our method leads to a robust autoencoder resistant to attack and a robust classifier able for image transition and immune to adversarial attack if combined with GMM. 
### 14.GarmentGAN: Photo-realistic Adversarial Fashion Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01894.pdf)
>  The garment transfer problem comprises two tasks: learning to separate a person's body (pose, shape, color) from their clothing (garment type, shape, style) and then generating new images of the wearer dressed in arbitrary garments. We present GarmentGAN, a new algorithm that performs image-based garment transfer through generative adversarial methods. The GarmentGAN framework allows users to virtually try-on items before purchase and generalizes to various apparel types. GarmentGAN requires as input only two images, namely, a picture of the target fashion item and an image containing the customer. The output is a synthetic image wherein the customer is wearing the target apparel. In order to make the generated image look photo-realistic, we employ the use of novel generative adversarial techniques. GarmentGAN improves on existing methods in the realism of generated imagery and solves various problems related to self-occlusions. Our proposed model incorporates additional information during training, utilizing both segmentation maps and body key-point information. We show qualitative and quantitative comparisons to several other networks to demonstrate the effectiveness of this technique. 
### 15.MoVi: A Large Multipurpose Motion and Video Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01888.pdf)
>  Human movements are both an area of intense study and the basis of many applications such as character animation. For many applications, it is crucial to identify movements from videos or analyze datasets of movements. Here we introduce a new human Motion and Video dataset MoVi, which we make available publicly. It contains 60 female and 30 male actors performing a collection of 20 predefined everyday actions and sports movements, and one self-chosen movement. In five capture rounds, the same actors and movements were recorded using different hardware systems, including an optical motion capture system, video cameras, and inertial measurement units (IMU). For some of the capture rounds, the actors were recorded when wearing natural clothing, for the other rounds they wore minimal clothing. In total, our dataset contains 9 hours of motion capture data, 17 hours of video data from 4 different points of view (including one hand-held camera), and 6.6 hours of IMU data. In this paper, we describe how the dataset was collected and post-processed; We present state-of-the-art estimates of skeletal motions and full-body shape deformations associated with skeletal motion. We discuss examples for potential studies this dataset could enable. 
### 16.A Deep Learning Method for Complex Human Activity Recognition Using Virtual Wearable Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01874.pdf)
>  Sensor-based human activity recognition (HAR) is now a research hotspot in multiple application areas. With the rise of smart wearable devices equipped with inertial measurement units (IMUs), researchers begin to utilize IMU data for HAR. By employing machine learning algorithms, early IMU-based research for HAR can achieve accurate classification results on traditional classical HAR datasets, containing only simple and repetitive daily activities. However, these datasets rarely display a rich diversity of information in real-scene. In this paper, we propose a novel method based on deep learning for complex HAR in the real-scene. Specially, in the off-line training stage, the AMASS dataset, containing abundant human poses and virtual IMU data, is innovatively adopted for enhancing the variety and diversity. Moreover, a deep convolutional neural network with an unsupervised penalty is proposed to automatically extract the features of AMASS and improve the robustness. In the on-line testing stage, by leveraging advantages of the transfer learning, we obtain the final result by fine-tuning the partial neural network (optimizing the parameters in the fully-connected layers) using the real IMU data. The experimental results show that the proposed method can surprisingly converge in a few iterations and achieve an accuracy of 91.15% on a real IMU dataset, demonstrating the efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed method. 
### 17.Type I Attack for Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01872.pdf)
>  Generative models are popular tools with a wide range of applications. Nevertheless, it is as vulnerable to adversarial samples as classifiers. The existing attack methods mainly focus on generating adversarial examples by adding imperceptible perturbations to input, which leads to wrong result. However, we focus on another aspect of attack, i.e., cheating models by significant changes. The former induces Type II error and the latter causes Type I error. In this paper, we propose Type I attack to generative models such as VAE and GAN. One example given in VAE is that we can change an original image significantly to a meaningless one but their reconstruction results are similar. To implement the Type I attack, we destroy the original one by increasing the distance in input space while keeping the output similar because different inputs may correspond to similar features for the property of deep neural network. Experimental results show that our attack method is effective to generate Type I adversarial examples for generative models on large-scale image datasets. 
### 18.Region adaptive graph fourier transform for 3d point clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01866.pdf)
>  We introduce the Region Adaptive Graph Fourier Transform (RA-GFT) for compression of 3D point cloud attributes. We assume the points are organized by a family of nested partitions represented by a tree. The RA-GFT is a multiresolution transform, formed by combining spatially localized block transforms. At each resolution level, attributes are processed in clusters by a set of block transforms. Each block transform produces a single approximation (DC) coefficient, and various detail (AC) coefficients. The DC coefficients are promoted up the tree to the next (lower resolution) level, where the process can be repeated until reaching the root. Since clusters may have a different numbers of points, each block transform must incorporate the relative importance of each coefficient. For this, we introduce the $\mathbf{Q}$-normalized graph Laplacian, and propose using its eigenvectors as the block transform. The RA-GFT outperforms the Region Adaptive Haar Transform (RAHT) by up to 2.5 dB, with a small complexity overhead. 
### 19.Watch your Up-Convolution: CNN Based Generative Deep Neural Networks are Failing to Reproduce Spectral Distributions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01826.pdf)
>  Generative convolutional deep neural networks, e.g. popular GAN architectures, are relying on convolution based up-sampling methods to produce non-scalar outputs like images or video sequences. In this paper, we show that common up-sampling methods, i.e. known as up-convolution or transposed convolution, are causing the inability of such models to reproduce spectral distributions of natural training data correctly. This effect is independent of the underlying architecture and we show that it can be used to easily detect generated data like deepfakes with up to 100% accuracy on public benchmarks. <br>To overcome this drawback of current generative models, we propose to add a novel spectral regularization term to the training optimization objective. We show that this approach not only allows to train spectral consistent GANs that are avoiding high frequency errors. Also, we show that a correct approximation of the frequency spectrum has positive effects on the training stability and output quality of generative networks. 
### 20.Implicitly Defined Layers in Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01822.pdf)
>  In conventional formulations of multilayer feedforward neural networks, the individual layers are customarily defined by explicit functions. In this paper we demonstrate that defining individual layers in a neural network \emph{implicitly} provide much richer representations over the standard explicit one, consequently enabling a vastly broader class of end-to-end trainable architectures. We present a general framework of implicitly defined layers, where much of the theoretical analysis of such layers can be addressed through the implicit function theorem. We also show how implicitly defined layers can be seamlessly incorporated into existing machine learning libraries. In particular with respect to current automatic differentiation techniques for use in backpropagation based training. Finally, we demonstrate the versatility and relevance of our proposed approach on a number of diverse example problems with promising results. 
### 21.RODNet: Object Detection under Severe Conditions Using Vision-Radio Cross-Modal Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01816.pdf)
>  Radar is usually more robust than the camera in severe autonomous driving scenarios, e.g., weak/strong lighting and bad weather. However, the semantic information from the radio signals is difficult to extract. In this paper, we propose a radio object detection network (RODNet) to detect objects purely from the processed radar data in the format of range-azimuth frequency heatmaps (RAMaps). To train the RODNet, we introduce a cross-modal supervision framework, which utilizes the rich information extracted by a vision-based object 3D localization technique to teach object detection for the radar. In order to train and evaluate our method, we build a new dataset -- CRUW, containing synchronized video sequences and RAMaps in various scenarios. After intensive experiments, our RODNet shows favorable object detection performance without the presence of the camera. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that can achieve accurate multi-class object detection purely using radar data as the input. 
### 22.TimeConvNets: A Deep Time Windowed Convolution Neural Network Design for Real-time Video Facial Expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01791.pdf)
>  A core challenge faced by the majority of individuals with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) is an impaired ability to infer other people's emotions based on their facial expressions. With significant recent advances in machine learning, one potential approach to leveraging technology to assist such individuals to better recognize facial expressions and reduce the risk of possible loneliness and depression due to social isolation is the design of computer vision-driven facial expression recognition systems. Motivated by this social need as well as the low latency requirement of such systems, this study explores a novel deep time windowed convolutional neural network design (TimeConvNets) for the purpose of real-time video facial expression recognition. More specifically, we explore an efficient convolutional deep neural network design for spatiotemporal encoding of time windowed video frame sub-sequences and study the respective balance between speed and accuracy. Furthermore, to evaluate the proposed TimeConvNet design, we introduce a more difficult dataset called BigFaceX, composed of a modified aggregation of the extended Cohn-Kanade (CK+), BAUM-1, and the eNTERFACE public datasets. Different variants of the proposed TimeConvNet design with different backbone network architectures were evaluated using BigFaceX alongside other network designs for capturing spatiotemporal information, and experimental results demonstrate that TimeConvNets can better capture the transient nuances of facial expressions and boost classification accuracy while maintaining a low inference time. 
### 23.A Robust Imbalanced SAR Image Change Detection Approach Based on Deep Difference Image and PCANet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01768.pdf)
>  In this research, a novel robust change detection approach is presented for imbalanced multi-temporal synthetic aperture radar (SAR) image based on deep learning. Our main contribution is to develop a novel method for generating difference image and a parallel fuzzy c-means (FCM) clustering method. The main steps of our proposed approach are as follows: 1) Inspired by convolution and pooling in deep learning, a deep difference image (DDI) is obtained based on parameterized pooling leading to better speckle suppression and feature enhancement than traditional difference images. 2) Two different parameter Sigmoid nonlinear mapping are applied to the DDI to get two mapped DDIs. Parallel FCM are utilized on these two mapped DDIs to obtain three types of pseudo-label pixels, namely, changed pixels, unchanged pixels, and intermediate pixels. 3) A PCANet with support vector machine (SVM) are trained to classify intermediate pixels to be changed or unchanged. Three imbalanced multi-temporal SAR image sets are used for change detection experiments. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed approach is effective and robust for imbalanced SAR data, and achieve up to 99.52% change detection accuracy superior to most state-of-the-art methods. 
### 24.Blind Image Restoration without Prior Knowledge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01764.pdf)
>  Many image restoration techniques are highly dependent on the degradation used during training, and their performance declines significantly when applied to slightly different input. Blind and universal techniques attempt to mitigate this by producing a trained model that can adapt to varying conditions. However, blind techniques to date require prior knowledge of the degradation process, and assumptions regarding its parameter-space. In this paper we present the Self-Normalization Side-Chain (SCNC), a novel approach to blind universal restoration in which no prior knowledge of the degradation is needed. This module can be added to any existing CNN topology, and is trained along with the rest of the network in an end-to-end manner. The imaging parameters relevant to the task, as well as their dynamics, are deduced from the variety in the training data. We apply our solution to several image restoration tasks, and demonstrate that the SNSC encodes the degradation-parameters, improving restoration performance. 
### 25.Image-based OoD-Detector Principles on Graph-based Input Data in Human Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01719.pdf)
>  Living in a complex world like ours makes it unacceptable that a practical implementation of a machine learning system assumes a closed world. Therefore, it is necessary for such a learning-based system in a real world environment, to be aware of its own capabilities and limits and to be able to distinguish between confident and unconfident results of the inference, especially if the sample cannot be explained by the underlying distribution. This knowledge is particularly essential in safety-critical environments and tasks e.g. self-driving cars or medical applications. Towards this end, we transfer image-based Out-of-Distribution (OoD)-methods to graph-based data and show the applicability in action recognition. The contribution of this work is (i) the examination of the portability of recent image-based OoD-detectors for graph-based input data, (ii) a Metric Learning-based approach to detect OoD-samples, and (iii) the introduction of a novel semi-synthetic action recognition dataset. The evaluation shows that image-based OoD-methods can be applied to graph-based data. Additionally, there is a gap between the performance on intraclass and intradataset results. First methods as the examined baseline or ODIN provide reasonable results. More sophisticated network architectures - in contrast to their image-based application - were surpassed in the intradataset comparison and even lead to less classification accuracy. 
### 26.Voxel Map for Visual SLAM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.02247.pdf)
>  In modern visual SLAM systems, it is a standard practice to retrieve potential candidate map points from overlapping keyframes for further feature matching or direct tracking. In this work, we argue that keyframes are not the optimal choice for this task, due to several inherent limitations, such as weak geometric reasoning and poor scalability. We propose a voxel-map representation to efficiently retrieve map points for visual SLAM. In particular, we organize the map points in a regular voxel grid. Visible points from a camera pose are queried by sampling the camera frustum in a raycasting manner, which can be done in constant time using an efficient voxel hashing method. Compared with keyframes, the retrieved points using our method are geometrically guaranteed to fall in the camera field-of-view, and occluded points can be identified and removed to a certain extend. This method also naturally scales up to large scenes and complicated multicamera configurations. Experimental results show that our voxel map representation is as efficient as a keyframe map with 5 keyframes and provides significantly higher localization accuracy (average 46% improvement in RMSE) on the EuRoC dataset. The proposed voxel-map representation is a general approach to a fundamental functionality in visual SLAM and widely applicable. 
### 27.Colored Noise Injection for Training Adversarially Robust Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.02188.pdf)
>  Even though deep learning have shown unmatched performance on various tasks, neural networks has been shown to be vulnerable to small adversarial perturbation of the input which lead to significant performance degradation. In this work we extend the idea of adding independent Gaussian noise to weights and activation during adversarial training (PNI) to injection of colored noise for defense against common white-box and black-box attacks. We show that our approach outperforms PNI and various previous approaches in terms of adversarial accuracy on CIFAR-10 dataset. In addition, we provide an extensive ablation study of the proposed method justifying the chosen configurations. 
### 28.Deep Joint Transmission-Recognition for Power-Constrained IoT Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.02027.pdf)
>  We propose a joint transmission-recognition scheme for efficient inference at the wireless network edge. Our scheme allows for reliable image recognition over wireless channels with significant computational load reduction at the sender side. We incorporate recently proposed deep joint source-channel coding (JSCC) scheme, and combine it with novel filter pruning strategies aimed at reducing the redundant complexity from neural networks. We evaluate our approach on a classification task, and show satisfactory results in both transmission reliability and workload reduction. This is the first work that combines deep JSCC with network pruning and applies it to images classification over wireless network. 
### 29.Redesigning SLAM for Arbitrary Multi-Camera Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.02014.pdf)
>  Adding more cameras to SLAM systems improves robustness and accuracy but complicates the design of the visual front-end significantly. Thus, most systems in the literature are tailored for specific camera configurations. In this work, we aim at an adaptive SLAM system that works for arbitrary multi-camera setups. To this end, we revisit several common building blocks in visual SLAM. In particular, we propose an adaptive initialization scheme, a sensor-agnostic, information-theoretic keyframe selection algorithm, and a scalable voxel-based map. These techniques make little assumption about the actual camera setups and prefer theoretically grounded methods over heuristics. We adapt a state-of-the-art visual-inertial odometry with these modifications, and experimental results show that the modified pipeline can adapt to a wide range of camera setups (e.g., 2 to 6 cameras in one experiment) without the need of sensor-specific modifications or tuning. 
### 30.G-VAE: A Continuously Variable Rate Deep Image Compression Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.02012.pdf)
>  Rate adaption of deep image compression in a single model will become one of the decisive factors competing with the classical image compression codecs. However, until now, there is no perfect solution that neither increases the computation nor affects the compression performance. In this paper, we propose a novel image compression framework G-VAE (Gained Variational Autoencoder), which could achieve continuously variable rate in a single model. Unlike the previous solutions that encode progressively or change the internal unit of the network, G-VAE only adds a pair of gain units at the output of encoder and the input of decoder. It is so concise that G-VAE could be applied to almost all the image compression methods and achieve continuously variable rate with negligible additional parameters and computation. We also propose a new deep image compression framework, which outperforms all the published results on Kodak datasets in PSNR and MS-SSIM metrics. Experimental results show that adding a pair of gain units will not affect the performance of the basic models while endowing them with continuously variable rate. 
### 31.A Learning Strategy for Contrast-agnostic MRI Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01995.pdf)
>  We present a deep learning strategy that enables, for the first time, contrast-agnostic semantic segmentation of completely unpreprocessed brain MRI scans, without requiring additional training or fine-tuning for new modalities. Classical Bayesian methods address this segmentation problem with unsupervised intensity models, but require significant computational resources. In contrast, learning-based methods can be fast at test time, but are sensitive to the data available at training. Our proposed learning method, SynthSeg, leverages a set of training segmentations (no intensity images required) to generate synthetic sample images of widely varying contrasts on the fly during training. These samples are produced using the generative model of the classical Bayesian segmentation framework, with randomly sampled parameters for appearance, deformation, noise, and bias field. Because each mini-batch has a different synthetic contrast, the final network is not biased towards any MRI contrast. We comprehensively evaluate our approach on four datasets comprising over 1,000 subjects and four types of MR contrast. The results show that our approach successfully segments every contrast in the data, performing slightly better than classical Bayesian segmentation, and three orders of magnitude faster. Moreover, even within the same type of MRI contrast, our strategy generalizes significantly better across datasets, compared to training using real images. Finally, we find that synthesizing a broad range of contrasts, even if unrealistic, increases the generalization of the neural network. Our code and model are open source at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BBillot/SynthSeg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 32.The iCub multisensor datasets for robot and computer vision applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01994.pdf)
>  This document presents novel datasets, constructed by employing the iCub robot equipped with an additional depth sensor and color camera. We used the robot to acquire color and depth information for 210 objects in different acquisition scenarios. At this end, the results were large scale datasets for robot and computer vision applications: object representation, object recognition and classification, and action recognition. 
### 33.Metrics and methods for robustness evaluation of neural networks with generative models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01993.pdf)
>  Recent studies have shown that modern deep neural network classifiers are easy to fool, assuming that an adversary is able to slightly modify their inputs. Many papers have proposed adversarial attacks, defenses and methods to measure robustness to such adversarial perturbations. However, most commonly considered adversarial examples are based on $\ell_p$-bounded perturbations in the input space of the neural network, which are unlikely to arise naturally. Recently, especially in computer vision, researchers discovered "natural" or "semantic" perturbations, such as rotations, changes of brightness, or more high-level changes, but these perturbations have not yet been systematically utilized to measure the performance of classifiers. In this paper, we propose several metrics to measure robustness of classifiers to natural adversarial examples, and methods to evaluate them. These metrics, called latent space performance metrics, are based on the ability of generative models to capture probability distributions, and are defined in their latent spaces. On three image classification case studies, we evaluate the proposed metrics for several classifiers, including ones trained in conventional and robust ways. We find that the latent counterparts of adversarial robustness are associated with the accuracy of the classifier rather than its conventional adversarial robustness, but the latter is still reflected on the properties of found latent perturbations. In addition, our novel method of finding latent adversarial perturbations demonstrates that these perturbations are often perceptually small. 
### 34.Learning for Video Compression with Hierarchical Quality and Recurrent Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01966.pdf)
>  The recent years have witnessed the great potential of deep learning for video compression. In this paper, we propose the Hierarchical Learned Video Compression (HLVC) approach with three hierarchical quality layers and recurrent enhancement. To be specific, the frames in the first layer are compressed by image compression method with the highest quality. Using them as references, we propose the Bi-Directional Deep Compression (BDDC) network to compress the second layer with relatively high quality. Then, the third layer frames are compressed with the lowest quality, by the proposed Single Motion Deep Compression (SMDC) network, which adopts a single motion map to estimate the motions of multiple frames, thus saving the bit-rate for motion information. In our deep decoder, we develop the Weighted Recurrent Quality Enhancement (WRQE) network with the inputs of both compressed frames and bit stream. In the recurrent cell of WRQE, the memory and update signal are weighted by quality features to reasonably leverage multi-frame information for enhancement. In our HLVC approach, the hierarchical quality benefits the coding efficiency, since the high quality information facilitates the compression and enhancement of low quality frames at encoder and decoder sides, respectively. Finally, the experiments validate that our HLVC approach advances the state-of-the-art deep video compression methods, and outperforms x265 low delay P very fast mode in terms of both PSNR and MS-SSIM. The project page is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/RenYang-home/HLVC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 35.ADRN: Attention-based Deep Residual Network for Hyperspectral Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01947.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral image (HSI) denoising is of crucial importance for many subsequent applications, such as HSI classification and interpretation. In this paper, we propose an attention-based deep residual network to directly learn a mapping from noisy HSI to the clean one. To jointly utilize the spatial-spectral information, the current band and its $K$ adjacent bands are simultaneously exploited as the input. Then, we adopt convolution layer with different filter sizes to fuse the multi-scale feature, and use shortcut connection to incorporate the multi-level information for better noise removal. In addition, the channel attention mechanism is employed to make the network concentrate on the most relevant auxiliary information and features that are beneficial to the denoising process best. To ease the training procedure, we reconstruct the output through a residual mode rather than a straightforward prediction. Experimental results demonstrate that our proposed ADRN scheme outperforms the state-of-the-art methods both in quantitative and visual evaluations. 
### 36.\textit{Semixup}: In- and Out-of-Manifold Regularization for Deep Semi-Supervised Knee Osteoarthritis Severity Grading from Plain Radiographs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01944.pdf)
>  Knee osteoarthritis (OA) is one of the highest disability factors in the world in humans. This musculoskeletal disorder is assessed from clinical symptoms, and typically confirmed via radiographic assessment. This visual assessment done by a radiologist requires experience, and suffers from high inter-observer variability. The recent development in the literature has shown that deep learning (DL) methods can reliably perform the OA severity assessment according to the gold standard Kellgren-Lawrence (KL) grading system. However, these methods require large amounts of labeled data, which are costly to obtain. In this study, we propose the \emph{Semixup} algorithm, a semi-supervised learning (SSL) approach to leverage unlabeled data. \emph{Semixup} relies on consistency regularization using in- and out-of-manifold samples, together with interpolated consistency. On an independent test set, our method significantly outperformed other state-of-the-art SSL methods in most cases, and even achieved a comparable performance to a well-tuned fully supervised learning (SL) model that required over 12 times more labeled data. 
### 37.Gaussianization Flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01941.pdf)
>  Iterative Gaussianization is a fixed-point iteration procedure that can transform any continuous random vector into a Gaussian one. Based on iterative Gaussianization, we propose a new type of normalizing flow model that enables both efficient computation of likelihoods and efficient inversion for sample generation. We demonstrate that these models, named Gaussianization flows, are universal approximators for continuous probability distributions under some regularity conditions. Because of this guaranteed expressivity, they can capture multimodal target distributions without compromising the efficiency of sample generation. Experimentally, we show that Gaussianization flows achieve better or comparable performance on several tabular datasets compared to other efficiently invertible flow models such as Real NVP, Glow and FFJORD. In particular, Gaussianization flows are easier to initialize, demonstrate better robustness with respect to different transformations of the training data, and generalize better on small training sets. 
### 38.ETRI-Activity3D: A Large-Scale RGB-D Dataset for Robots to Recognize Daily Activities of the Elderly  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01920.pdf)
>  Deep learning, based on which many modern algorithms operate, is well known to be data-hungry. In particular, the datasets appropriate for the intended application are difficult to obtain. To cope with this situation, we introduce a new dataset called ETRI-Activity3D, focusing on the daily activities of the elderly in robot-view. The major characteristics of the new dataset are as follows: 1) practical action categories that are selected from the close observation of the daily lives of the elderly; 2) realistic data collection, which reflects the robot's working environment and service situations; and 3) a large-scale dataset that overcomes the limitations of the current 3D activity analysis benchmark datasets. The proposed dataset contains 112,620 samples including RGB videos, depth maps, and skeleton sequences. During the data acquisition, 100 subjects were asked to perform 55 daily activities. Additionally, we propose a novel network called four-stream adaptive CNN (FSA-CNN). The proposed FSA-CNN has three main properties: robustness to spatio-temporal variations, input-adaptive activation function, and extension of the conventional two-stream approach. In the experiment section, we confirmed the superiority of the proposed FSA-CNN using NTU RGB+D and ETRI-Activity3D. Further, the domain difference between both groups of age was verified experimentally. Finally, the extension of FSA-CNN to deal with the multimodal data was investigated. 
### 39.Black-box Smoothing: A Provable Defense for Pretrained Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01908.pdf)
>  We present a method for provably defending any pretrained image classifier against $\ell_p$ adversarial attacks. By prepending a custom-trained denoiser to any off-the-shelf image classifier and using randomized smoothing, we effectively create a new classifier that is guaranteed to be $\ell_p$-robust to adversarial examples, without modifying the pretrained classifier. The approach applies both to the case where we have full access to the pretrained classifier as well as the case where we only have query access. We refer to this defense as black-box smoothing, and we demonstrate its effectiveness through extensive experimentation on ImageNet and CIFAR-10. Finally, we use our method to provably defend the Azure, Google, AWS, and ClarifAI image classification APIs. Our code replicating all the experiments in the paper can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/microsoft/blackbox-smoothing" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . 
### 40.Localising Faster: Efficient and precise lidar-based robot localisation in large-scale environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01875.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel approach for global localisation of mobile robots in large-scale environments. Our method leverages learning-based localisation and filtering-based localisation, to localise the robot efficiently and precisely through seeding Monte Carlo Localisation (MCL) with a deep-learned distribution. In particular, a fast localisation system rapidly estimates the 6-DOF pose through a deep-probabilistic model (Gaussian Process Regression with a deep kernel), then a precise recursive estimator refines the estimated robot pose according to the geometric alignment. More importantly, the Gaussian method (i.e. deep probabilistic localisation) and non-Gaussian method (i.e. MCL) can be integrated naturally via importance sampling. Consequently, the two systems can be integrated seamlessly and mutually benefit from each other. To verify the proposed framework, we provide a case study in large-scale localisation with a 3D lidar sensor. Our experiments on the Michigan NCLT long-term dataset show that the proposed method is able to localise the robot in 1.94 s on average (median of 0.8 s) with precision 0.75~m in a large-scale environment of approximately 0.5 km2. 
### 41.Semantic sensor fusion: from camera to sparse lidar information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01871.pdf)
>  To navigate through urban roads, an automated vehicle must be able to perceive and recognize objects in a three-dimensional environment. A high-level contextual understanding of the surroundings is necessary to plan and execute accurate driving maneuvers. This paper presents an approach to fuse different sensory information, Light Detection and Ranging (lidar) scans and camera images. The output of a convolutional neural network (CNN) is used as classifier to obtain the labels of the environment. The transference of semantic information between the labelled image and the lidar point cloud is performed in four steps: initially, we use heuristic methods to associate probabilities to all the semantic classes contained in the labelled images. Then, the lidar points are corrected to compensate for the vehicle's motion given the difference between the timestamps of each lidar scan and camera image. In a third step, we calculate the pixel coordinate for the corresponding camera image. In the last step we perform the transfer of semantic information from the heuristic probability images to the lidar frame, while removing the lidar information that is not visible to the camera. We tested our approach in the Usyd Dataset \cite{usyd_dataset}, obtaining qualitative and quantitative results that demonstrate the validity of our probabilistic sensory fusion approach. 
### 42.Learning Rope Manipulation Policies Using Dense Object Descriptors Trained on Synthetic Depth Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01835.pdf)
>  Robotic manipulation of deformable 1D objects such as ropes, cables, and hoses is challenging due to the lack of high-fidelity analytic models and large configuration spaces. Furthermore, learning end-to-end manipulation policies directly from images and physical interaction requires significant time on a robot and can fail to generalize across tasks. We address these challenges using interpretable deep visual representations for rope, extending recent work on dense object descriptors for robot manipulation. This facilitates the design of interpretable and transferable geometric policies built on top of the learned representations, decoupling visual reasoning and control. We present an approach that learns point-pair correspondences between initial and goal rope configurations, which implicitly encodes geometric structure, entirely in simulation from synthetic depth images. We demonstrate that the learned representation -- dense depth object descriptors (DDODs) -- can be used to manipulate a real rope into a variety of different arrangements either by learning from demonstrations or using interpretable geometric policies. In 50 trials of a knot-tying task with the ABB YuMi Robot, the system achieves a 66% knot-tying success rate from previously unseen configurations. See <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://tinyurl.com/rope-learning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> for supplementary material and videos. 
### 43.RMP-SNNs: Residual Membrane Potential Neuron for Enabling Deeper High-Accuracy and Low-Latency Spiking Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01811.pdf)
>  Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs) have recently attracted significant research interest as the third generation of artificial neural networks that can enable low-power event-driven data analytics. The best performing SNNs for image recognition tasks are obtained by converting a trained Analog Neural Network (ANN), consisting of Rectified Linear Units (ReLU), to SNN composed of integrate-and-fire neurons with "proper" firing thresholds. The converted SNNs typically incur loss in accuracy compared to that provided by the original ANN and require sizable number of inference time-steps to achieve the best accuracy. We find that performance degradation in the converted SNN stems from using "hard reset" spiking neuron that is driven to fixed reset potential once its membrane potential exceeds the firing threshold, leading to information loss during SNN inference. We propose ANN-SNN conversion using "soft reset" spiking neuron model, referred to as Residual Membrane Potential (RMP) spiking neuron, which retains the "residual" membrane potential above threshold at the firing instants. We demonstrate near loss-less ANN-SNN conversion using RMP neurons for VGG-16, ResNet-20, and ResNet-34 SNNs on challenging datasets including CIFAR-10 (93.63% top-1), CIFAR-100 (70.928% top-1), and ImageNet (73.26% top-1 accuracy). Our results also show that RMP-SNN achieves comparable accuracy to that provided by the converted SNN with "hard reset" spiking neurons using 2-8 times fewer inference time-steps across datasets. 
### 44.Security of Deep Learning based Lane Keeping System under Physical-World Adversarial Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01782.pdf)
>  Lane-Keeping Assistance System (LKAS) is convenient and widely available today, but also extremely security and safety critical. In this work, we design and implement the first systematic approach to attack real-world DNN-based LKASes. We identify dirty road patches as a novel and domain-specific threat model for practicality and stealthiness. We formulate the attack as an optimization problem, and address the challenge from the inter-dependencies among attacks on consecutive camera frames. We evaluate our approach on a state-of-the-art LKAS and our preliminary results show that our attack can successfully cause it to drive off lane boundaries within as short as 1.3 seconds. 
