# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 20 Mar 2020
### 1.GAN Compression: Efficient Architectures for Interactive Conditional GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08936.pdf)
>  Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks (cGANs) have enabled controllable image synthesis for many computer vision and graphics applications. However, recent cGANs are 1-2 orders of magnitude more computationally-intensive than modern recognition CNNs. For example, GauGAN consumes 281G MACs per image, compared to 0.44G MACs for MobileNet-v3, making it difficult for interactive deployment. In this work, we propose a general-purpose compression framework for reducing the inference time and model size of the generator in cGANs. Directly applying existing CNNs compression methods yields poor performance due to the difficulty of GAN training and the differences in generator architectures. We address these challenges in two ways. First, to stabilize the GAN training, we transfer knowledge of multiple intermediate representations of the original model to its compressed model, and unify unpaired and paired learning. Second, instead of reusing existing CNN designs, our method automatically finds efficient architectures via neural architecture search (NAS). To accelerate the search process, we decouple the model training and architecture search via weight sharing. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our method across different supervision settings (paired and unpaired), model architectures, and learning methods (e.g., pix2pix, GauGAN, CycleGAN). Without losing image quality, we reduce the computation of CycleGAN by more than 20X and GauGAN by 9X, paving the way for interactive image synthesis. The code and demo are publicly available. 
### 2.Group Sparsity: The Hinge Between Filter Pruning and Decomposition for Network Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08935.pdf)
>  In this paper, we analyze two popular network compression techniques, i.e. filter pruning and low-rank decomposition, in a unified sense. By simply changing the way the sparsity regularization is enforced, filter pruning and low-rank decomposition can be derived accordingly. This provides another flexible choice for network compression because the techniques complement each other. For example, in popular network architectures with shortcut connections (e.g. ResNet), filter pruning cannot deal with the last convolutional layer in a ResBlock while the low-rank decomposition methods can. In addition, we propose to compress the whole network jointly instead of in a layer-wise manner. Our approach proves its potential as it compares favorably to the state-of-the-art on several benchmarks. 
### 3.NeRF: Representing Scenes as Neural Radiance Fields for View Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08934.pdf)
>  We present a method that achieves state-of-the-art results for synthesizing novel views of complex scenes by optimizing an underlying continuous volumetric scene function using a sparse set of input views. Our algorithm represents a scene using a fully-connected (non-convolutional) deep network, whose input is a single continuous 5D coordinate (spatial location $(x,y,z)$ and viewing direction $(\theta, \phi)$) and whose output is the volume density and view-dependent emitted radiance at that spatial location. We synthesize views by querying 5D coordinates along camera rays and use classic volume rendering techniques to project the output colors and densities into an image. Because volume rendering is naturally differentiable, the only input required to optimize our representation is a set of images with known camera poses. We describe how to effectively optimize neural radiance fields to render photorealistic novel views of scenes with complicated geometry and appearance, and demonstrate results that outperform prior work on neural rendering and view synthesis. View synthesis results are best viewed as videos, so we urge readers to view our supplementary video for convincing comparisons. 
### 4.Depth Estimation by Learning Triangulation and Densification of Sparse Points for Multi-view Stereo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08933.pdf)
>  Multi-view stereo (MVS) is the golden mean between the accuracy of active depth sensing and the practicality of monocular depth estimation. Cost volume based approaches employing 3D convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have considerably improved the accuracy of MVS systems. However, this accuracy comes at a high computational cost which impedes practical adoption. Distinct from cost volume approaches, we propose an efficient depth estimation approach by first (a) detecting and evaluating descriptors for interest points, then (b) learning to match and triangulate a small set of interest points, and finally (c) densifying this sparse set of 3D points using CNNs. An end-to-end network efficiently performs all three steps within a deep learning framework and trained with intermediate 2D image and 3D geometric supervision, along with depth supervision. Crucially, our first step complements pose estimation using interest point detection and descriptor learning. We demonstrate that state-of-the-art results on depth estimation with lower compute for different scene lengths. Furthermore, our method generalizes to newer environments and the descriptors output by our network compare favorably to strong baselines. 
### 5.GIQA: Generated Image Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08932.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have achieved impressive results today, but not all generated images are perfect. A number of quantitative criteria have recently emerged for generative model, but none of them are designed for a single generated image. In this paper, we propose a new research topic, Generated Image Quality Assessment (GIQA), which quantitatively evaluates the quality of each generated image. We introduce three GIQA algorithms from two perspectives: learning-based and data-based. We evaluate a number of images generated by various recent GAN models on different datasets and demonstrate that they are consistent with human assessments. Furthermore, GIQA is available to many applications, like separately evaluating the realism and diversity of generative models, and enabling online hard negative mining (OHEM) in the training of GANs to improve the results. 
### 6.Normalized and Geometry-Aware Self-Attention Network for Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08897.pdf)
>  Self-attention (SA) network has shown profound value in image captioning. In this paper, we improve SA from two aspects to promote the performance of image captioning. First, we propose Normalized Self-Attention (NSA), a reparameterization of SA that brings the benefits of normalization inside SA. While normalization is previously only applied outside SA, we introduce a novel normalization method and demonstrate that it is both possible and beneficial to perform it on the hidden activations inside SA. Second, to compensate for the major limit of Transformer that it fails to model the geometry structure of the input objects, we propose a class of Geometry-aware Self-Attention (GSA) that extends SA to explicitly and efficiently consider the relative geometry relations between the objects in the image. To construct our image captioning model, we combine the two modules and apply it to the vanilla self-attention network. We extensively evaluate our proposals on MS-COCO image captioning dataset and superior results are achieved when comparing to state-of-the-art approaches. Further experiments on three challenging tasks, i.e. video captioning, machine translation, and visual question answering, show the generality of our methods. 
### 7.Local Rotation Invariance in 3D CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08890.pdf)
>  Locally Rotation Invariant (LRI) image analysis was shown to be fundamental in many applications and in particular in medical imaging where local structures of tissues occur at arbitrary rotations. LRI constituted the cornerstone of several breakthroughs in texture analysis, including Local Binary Patterns (LBP), Maximum Response 8 (MR8) and steerable filterbanks. Whereas globally rotation invariant Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) were recently proposed, LRI was very little investigated in the context of deep learning. LRI designs allow learning filters accounting for all orientations, which enables a drastic reduction of trainable parameters and training data when compared to standard 3D CNNs. In this paper, we propose and compare several methods to obtain LRI CNNs with directional sensitivity. Two methods use orientation channels (responses to rotated kernels), either by explicitly rotating the kernels or using steerable filters. These orientation channels constitute a locally rotation equivariant representation of the data. Local pooling across orientations yields LRI image analysis. Steerable filters are used to achieve a fine and efficient sampling of 3D rotations as well as a reduction of trainable parameters and operations, thanks to a parametric representations involving solid Spherical Harmonics (SH), which are products of SH with associated learned radial profiles.Finally, we investigate a third strategy to obtain LRI based on rotational invariants calculated from responses to a learned set of solid SHs. The proposed methods are evaluated and compared to standard CNNs on 3D datasets including synthetic textured volumes composed of rotated patterns, and pulmonary nodule classification in CT. The results show the importance of LRI image analysis while resulting in a drastic reduction of trainable parameters, outperforming standard 3D CNNs trained with data augmentation. 
### 8.Unique Geometry and Texture from Corresponding Image Patches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08885.pdf)
>  We present a sufficient condition for the recovery of a unique texture process and a unique set of viewpoints from a set of image patches that are generated by observing a flat texture process from unknown directions and orientations. We show that four image patches are sufficient in general, and we characterize the ambiguities that arise when this condition is not satisfied. The results are applicable to the perception of shape from texture and to texture-based structure from motion. 
### 9.Across Scales \&amp; Across Dimensions: Temporal Super-Resolution using Deep Internal Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08872.pdf)
>  When a very fast dynamic event is recorded with a low-framerate camera, the resulting video suffers from severe motion blur (due to exposure time) and motion aliasing (due to low sampling rate in time). True Temporal Super-Resolution (TSR) is more than just Temporal-Interpolation (increasing framerate). It can also recover new high temporal frequencies beyond the temporal Nyquist limit of the input video, thus resolving both motion-blur and motion-aliasing effects that temporal frame interpolation (as sophisticated as it maybe) cannot undo. In this paper we propose a "Deep Internal Learning" approach for true TSR. We train a video-specific CNN on examples extracted directly from the low-framerate input video. Our method exploits the strong recurrence of small space-time patches inside a single video sequence, both within and across different spatio-temporal scales of the video. We further observe (for the first time) that small space-time patches recur also across-dimensions of the video sequence - i.e., by swapping the spatial and temporal dimensions. In particular, the higher spatial resolution of video frames provides strong examples as to how to increase the temporal resolution of that video. Such internal video-specific examples give rise to strong self-supervision, requiring no data but the input video itself. This results in Zero-Shot Temporal-SR of complex videos, which removes both motion blur and motion aliasing, outperforming previous supervised methods trained on external video datasets. 
### 10.Spatially Adaptive Inference with Stochastic Feature Sampling and Interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08866.pdf)
>  In the feature maps of CNNs, there commonly exists considerable spatial redundancy that leads to much repetitive processing. Towards reducing this superfluous computation, we propose to compute features only at sparsely sampled locations, which are probabilistically chosen according to activation responses, and then densely reconstruct the feature map with an efficient interpolation procedure. With this sampling-interpolation scheme, our network avoids expending computation on spatial locations that can be effectively interpolated, while being robust to activation prediction errors through broadly distributed sampling. A technical challenge of this sampling-based approach is that the binary decision variables for representing discrete sampling locations are non-differentiable, making them incompatible with backpropagation. To circumvent this issue, we make use of a reparameterization trick based on the Gumbel-Softmax distribution, with which backpropagation can iterate these variables towards binary values. The presented network is experimentally shown to save substantial computation while maintaining accuracy over a variety of computer vision tasks. 
### 11.JAA-Net: Joint Facial Action Unit Detection and Face Alignment via Adaptive Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08834.pdf)
>  Facial action unit (AU) detection and face alignment are two highly correlated tasks, since facial landmarks can provide precise AU locations to facilitate the extraction of meaningful local features for AU detection. However, most existing AU detection works handle the two tasks independently by treating face alignment as a preprocessing, and often use landmarks to predefine a fixed region or attention for each AU. In this paper, we propose a novel end-to-end deep learning framework for joint AU detection and face alignment, which has not been explored before. In particular, multi-scale shared feature is learned firstly, and high-level feature of face alignment is fed into AU detection. Moreover, to extract precise local features, we propose an adaptive attention learning module to refine the attention map of each AU adaptively. Finally, the assembled local features are integrated with face alignment feature and global feature for AU detection. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our framework (i) significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art AU detection methods on the challenging BP4D, DISFA, GFT and BP4D+ benchmarks, (ii) can adaptively capture the irregular region of each AU, (iii) achieves competitive performance for face alignment, and (iv) also works well under partial occlusions and non-frontal poses. The code for our method is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZhiwenShao/PyTorch-JAANet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 12.DHOG: Deep Hierarchical Object Grouping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08821.pdf)
>  Recently, a number of competitive methods have tackled unsupervised representation learning by maximising the mutual information between the representations produced from augmentations. The resulting representations are then invariant to stochastic augmentation strategies, and can be used for downstream tasks such as clustering or classification. Yet data augmentations preserve many properties of an image and so there is potential for a suboptimal choice of representation that relies on matching easy-to-find features in the data. We demonstrate that greedy or local methods of maximising mutual information (such as stochastic gradient optimisation) discover local optima of the mutual information criterion; the resulting representations are also less-ideally suited to complex downstream tasks. Earlier work has not specifically identified or addressed this issue. We introduce deep hierarchical object grouping (DHOG) that computes a number of distinct discrete representations of images in a hierarchical order, eventually generating representations that better optimise the mutual information objective. We also find that these representations align better with the downstream task of grouping into underlying object classes. We tested DHOG on unsupervised clustering, which is a natural downstream test as the target representation is a discrete labelling of the data. We achieved new state-of-the-art results on the three main benchmarks without any prefiltering or Sobel-edge detection that proved necessary for many previous methods to work. We obtain accuracy improvements of: 4.3% on CIFAR-10, 1.5% on CIFAR-100-20, and 7.2% on SVHN. 
### 13.Brain MRI-based 3D Convolutional Neural Networks for Classification of Schizophrenia and Controls  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08818.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) has been successfully applied on classification of both natural images and medical images but not yet been applied to differentiating patients with schizophrenia from healthy controls. Given the subtle, mixed, and sparsely distributed brain atrophy patterns of schizophrenia, the capability of automatic feature learning makes CNN a powerful tool for classifying schizophrenia from controls as it removes the subjectivity in selecting relevant spatial features. To examine the feasibility of applying CNN to classification of schizophrenia and controls based on structural Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), we built 3D CNN models with different architectures and compared their performance with a handcrafted feature-based machine learning approach. Support vector machine (SVM) was used as classifier and Voxel-based Morphometry (VBM) was used as feature for handcrafted feature-based machine learning. 3D CNN models with sequential architecture, inception module and residual module were trained from scratch. CNN models achieved higher cross-validation accuracy than handcrafted feature-based machine learning. Moreover, testing on an independent dataset, 3D CNN models greatly outperformed handcrafted feature-based machine learning. This study underscored the potential of CNN for identifying patients with schizophrenia using 3D brain MR images and paved the way for imaging-based individual-level diagnosis and prognosis in psychiatric disorders. 
### 14.Functional Data Analysis and Visualisation of Three-dimensional Surface Shape  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08817.pdf)
>  The advent of high resolution imaging has made data on surface shape widespread. Methods for the analysis of shape based on landmarks are well established but high resolution data require a functional approach. The starting point is a systematic and consistent description of each surface shape. Three innovative forms of analysis are then introduced. The first uses surface integration to address issues of registration, principal component analysis and the measurement of asymmetry, all in functional form. Computational issues are handled through discrete approximations to integrals, based in this case on appropriate surface area weighted sums. The second innovation is to focus on sub-spaces where interesting behaviour such as group differences are exhibited, rather than on individual principal components. The third innovation concerns the comparison of individual shapes with a relevant control set, where the concept of a normal range is extended to the highly multivariate setting of surface shape. This has particularly strong applications to medical contexts where the assessment of individual patients is very important. All of these ideas are developed and illustrated in the important context of human facial shape, with a strong emphasis on the effective visual communication of effects of interest. 
### 15.Multi-task Collaborative Network for Joint Referring Expression Comprehension and Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08813.pdf)
>  Referring expression comprehension (REC) and segmentation (RES) are two highly-related tasks, which both aim at identifying the referent according to a natural language expression. In this paper, we propose a novel Multi-task Collaborative Network (MCN) to achieve a joint learning of REC and RES for the first time. In MCN, RES can help REC to achieve better language-vision alignment, while REC can help RES to better locate the referent. In addition, we address a key challenge in this multi-task setup, i.e., the prediction conflict, with two innovative designs namely, Consistency Energy Maximization (CEM) and Adaptive Soft Non-Located Suppression (ASNLS). Specifically, CEM enables REC and RES to focus on similar visual regions by maximizing the consistency energy between two tasks. ASNLS supresses the response of unrelated regions in RES based on the prediction of REC. To validate our model, we conduct extensive experiments on three benchmark datasets of REC and RES, i.e., RefCOCO, RefCOCO+ and RefCOCOg. The experimental results report the significant performance gains of MCN over all existing methods, i.e., up to +7.13% for REC and +11.50% for RES over SOTA, which well confirm the validity of our model for joint REC and RES learning. 
### 16.Deep Learning for Automatic Tracking of Tongue Surface in Real-time Ultrasound Videos, Landmarks instead of Contours  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08808.pdf)
>  One usage of medical ultrasound imaging is to visualize and characterize human tongue shape and motion during a real-time speech to study healthy or impaired speech production. Due to the low-contrast characteristic and noisy nature of ultrasound images, it might require expertise for non-expert users to recognize tongue gestures in applications such as visual training of a second language. Moreover, quantitative analysis of tongue motion needs the tongue dorsum contour to be extracted, tracked, and visualized. Manual tongue contour extraction is a cumbersome, subjective, and error-prone task. Furthermore, it is not a feasible solution for real-time applications. The growth of deep learning has been vigorously exploited in various computer vision tasks, including ultrasound tongue contour tracking. In the current methods, the process of tongue contour extraction comprises two steps of image segmentation and post-processing. This paper presents a new novel approach of automatic and real-time tongue contour tracking using deep neural networks. In the proposed method, instead of the two-step procedure, landmarks of the tongue surface are tracked. This novel idea enables researchers in this filed to benefits from available previously annotated databases to achieve high accuracy results. Our experiment disclosed the outstanding performances of the proposed technique in terms of generalization, performance, and accuracy. 
### 17.MagicEyes: A Large Scale Eye Gaze Estimation Dataset for Mixed Reality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08806.pdf)
>  With the emergence of Virtual and Mixed Reality (XR) devices, eye tracking has received significant attention in the computer vision community. Eye gaze estimation is a crucial component in XR -- enabling energy efficient rendering, multi-focal displays, and effective interaction with content. In head-mounted XR devices, the eyes are imaged off-axis to avoid blocking the field of view. This leads to increased challenges in inferring eye related quantities and simultaneously provides an opportunity to develop accurate and robust learning based approaches. To this end, we present MagicEyes, the first large scale eye dataset collected using real MR devices with comprehensive ground truth labeling. MagicEyes includes $587$ subjects with $80,000$ images of human-labeled ground truth and over $800,000$ images with gaze target labels. We evaluate several state-of-the-art methods on MagicEyes and also propose a new multi-task EyeNet model designed for detecting the cornea, glints and pupil along with eye segmentation in a single forward pass. 
### 18.Deep Object Detection based Mitosis Analysis in Breast Cancer Histopathological Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08803.pdf)
>  Empirical evaluation of breast tissue biopsies for mitotic nuclei detection is considered an important prognostic biomarker in tumor grading and cancer progression. However, automated mitotic nuclei detection poses several challenges because of the unavailability of pixel-level annotations, different morphological configurations of mitotic nuclei, their sparse representation, and close resemblance with non-mitotic nuclei. These challenges undermine the precision of the automated detection model and thus make detection difficult in a single phase. This work proposes an end-to-end detection system for mitotic nuclei identification in breast cancer histopathological images. Deep object detection-based Mask R-CNN is adapted for mitotic nuclei detection that initially selects the candidate mitotic region with maximum recall. However, in the second phase, these candidate regions are refined by multi-object loss function to improve the precision. The performance of the proposed detection model shows improved discrimination ability (F-score of 0.86) for mitotic nuclei with significant precision (0.86) as compared to the two-stage detection models (F-score of 0.701) on TUPAC16 dataset. Promising results suggest that the deep object detection-based model has the potential to learn the characteristic features of mitotic nuclei from weakly annotated data and suggests that it can be adapted for the identification of other nuclear bodies in histopathological images. 
### 19.Dynamic Multiscale Graph Neural Networks for 3D Skeleton-Based Human Motion Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08802.pdf)
>  We propose novel dynamic multiscale graph neural networks (DMGNN) to predict 3D skeleton-based human motions. The core idea of DMGNN is to use a multiscale graph to comprehensively model the internal relations of a human body for motion feature learning. This multiscale graph is adaptive during training and dynamic across network layers. Based on this graph, we propose a multiscale graph computational unit (MGCU) to extract features at individual scales and fuse features across scales. The entire model is action-category-agnostic and follows an encoder-decoder framework. The encoder consists of a sequence of MGCUs to learn motion features. The decoder uses a proposed graph-based gate recurrent unit to generate future poses. Extensive experiments show that the proposed DMGNN outperforms state-of-the-art methods in both short and long-term predictions on the datasets of Human 3.6M and CMU Mocap. We further investigate the learned multiscale graphs for the interpretability. The codes could be downloaded from <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/limaosen0/DMGNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 20.Pedestrian Detection: The Elephant In The Room  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08799.pdf)
>  Pedestrian detection is used in many vision based applications ranging from video surveillance to autonomous driving. Despite achieving high performance, it is still largely unknown how well existing detectors generalize to unseen data. To this end, we conduct a comprehensive study in this paper, using a general principle of direct cross-dataset evaluation. Through this study, we find that existing state-of-the-art pedestrian detectors generalize poorly from one dataset to another. We demonstrate that there are two reasons for this trend. Firstly, they over-fit on popular datasets in a traditional single-dataset training and test pipeline. Secondly, the training source is generally not dense in pedestrians and diverse in scenarios. Accordingly, through experiments we find that a general purpose object detector works better in direct cross-dataset evaluation compared with state-of-the-art pedestrian detectors and we illustrate that diverse and dense datasets, collected by crawling the web, serve to be an efficient source of pre-training for pedestrian detection. Furthermore, we find that a progressive training pipeline works good for autonomous driving oriented detector. We improve upon previous state-of-the-art on reasonable/heavy subsets of CityPersons dataset by 1.3%/1.7% and on Caltech by 1.8%/14.9% in terms of log average miss rate (MR^2) points without any fine-tuning on the test set. Detector trained through proposed pipeline achieves top rank at the leaderborads of CityPersons [42] and ECP [4]. Code and models will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hasanirtiza/Pedestron" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 21.Incremental Object Detection via Meta-Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08798.pdf)
>  In a real-world setting, object instances from new classes may be continuously encountered by object detectors. When existing object detectors are applied to such scenarios, their performance on old classes deteriorates significantly. A few efforts have been reported to address this limitation, all of which apply variants of knowledge distillation to avoid catastrophic forgetting. We note that although distillation helps to retain previous learning, it obstructs fast adaptability to new tasks, which is a critical requirement for incremental learning. In this pursuit, we propose a meta-learning approach that learns to reshape model gradients, such that information across incremental tasks is optimally shared. This ensures a seamless information transfer via a meta-learned gradient preconditioning that minimizes forgetting and maximizes knowledge transfer. In comparison to existing meta-learning methods, our approach is task-agnostic, allows incremental addition of new-classes and scales to large-sized models for object detection. We evaluate our approach on a variety of incremental settings defined on PASCAL-VOC and MS COCO datasets, demonstrating significant improvements over state-of-the-art. 
### 22.Teacher-Student chain for efficient semi-supervised histology image classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08797.pdf)
>  Deep learning shows great potential for the domain of digital pathology. An automated digital pathology system could serve as a second reader, perform initial triage in large screening studies, or assist in reporting. However, it is expensive to exhaustively annotate large histology image databases, since medical specialists are a scarce resource. In this paper, we apply the semi-supervised teacher-student knowledge distillation technique proposed by Yalniz et al. (2019) to the task of quantifying prognostic features in colorectal cancer. We obtain accuracy improvements through extending this approach to a chain of students, where each student's predictions are used to train the next student i.e. the student becomes the teacher. Using the chain approach, and only 0.5% labelled data (the remaining 99.5% in the unlabelled pool), we match the accuracy of training on 100% labelled data. At lower percentages of labelled data, similar gains in accuracy are seen, allowing some recovery of accuracy even from a poor initial choice of labelled training set. In conclusion, this approach shows promise for reducing the annotation burden, thus increasing the affordability of automated digital pathology systems. 
### 23.Deep Active Learning for Remote Sensing Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08793.pdf)
>  Recently, CNN object detectors have achieved high accuracy on remote sensing images but require huge labor and time costs on annotation. In this paper, we propose a new uncertainty-based active learning which can select images with more information for annotation and detector can still reach high performance with a fraction of the training images. Our method not only analyzes objects' classification uncertainty to find least confident objects but also considers their regression uncertainty to declare outliers. Besides, we bring out two extra weights to overcome two difficulties in remote sensing datasets, class-imbalance and difference in images' objects amount. We experiment our active learning algorithm on DOTA dataset with CenterNet as object detector. We achieve same-level performance as full supervision with only half images. We even override full supervision with 55% images and augmented weights on least confident images. 
### 24.High-Resolution Daytime Translation Without Domain Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08791.pdf)
>  Modeling daytime changes in high resolution photographs, e.g., re-rendering the same scene under different illuminations typical for day, night, or dawn, is a challenging image manipulation task. We present the high-resolution daytime translation (HiDT) model for this task. HiDT combines a generative image-to-image model and a new upsampling scheme that allows to apply image translation at high resolution. The model demonstrates competitive results in terms of both commonly used GAN metrics and human evaluation. Uniquely, this good performance comes as a result of training on a dataset of still landscape images with no daytime labels available. Our results are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://saic-mdal.github.io/HiDT/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 25.Child Face Age-Progression via Deep Feature Aging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08788.pdf)
>  Given a gallery of face images of missing children, state-of-the-art face recognition systems fall short in identifying a child (probe) recovered at a later age. We propose a feature aging module that can age-progress deep face features output by a face matcher. In addition, the feature aging module guides age-progression in the image space such that synthesized aged faces can be utilized to enhance longitudinal face recognition performance of any face matcher without requiring any explicit training. For time lapses larger than 10 years (the missing child is found after 10 or more years), the proposed age-progression module improves the closed-set identification accuracy of FaceNet from 16.53% to 21.44% and CosFace from 60.72% to 66.12% on a child celebrity dataset, namely ITWCC. The proposed method also outperforms state-of-the-art approaches with a rank-1 identification rate of 95.91%, compared to 94.91%, on a public aging dataset, FG-NET, and 99.58%, compared to 99.50%, on CACD-VS. These results suggest that aging face features enhances the ability to identify young children who are possible victims of child trafficking or abduction. 
### 26.Self-Guided Adaptation: Progressive Representation Alignment for Domain Adaptive Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08777.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) has achieved unprecedented success in improving the cross-domain robustness of object detection models. However, existing UDA methods largely ignore the instantaneous data distribution during model learning, which could deteriorate the feature representation given large domain shift. In this work, we propose a Self-Guided Adaptation (SGA) model, target at aligning feature representation and transferring object detection models across domains while considering the instantaneous alignment difficulty. The core of SGA is to calculate "hardness" factors for sample pairs indicating domain distance in a kernel space. With the hardness factor, the proposed SGA adaptively indicates the importance of samples and assigns them different constrains. Indicated by hardness factors, Self-Guided Progressive Sampling (SPS) is implemented in an "easy-to-hard" way during model adaptation. Using multi-stage convolutional features, SGA is further aggregated to fully align hierarchical representations of detection models. Extensive experiments on commonly used benchmarks show that SGA improves the state-of-the-art methods with significant margins, while demonstrating the effectiveness on large domain shift. 
### 27.Measuring and improving the quality of visual explanations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08774.pdf)
>  The ability of to explain neural network decisions goes hand in hand with their safe deployment. Several methods have been proposed to highlight features important for a given network decision. However, there is no consensus on how to measure effectiveness of these methods. We propose a new procedure for evaluating explanations. We use it to investigate visual explanations extracted from a range of possible sources in a neural network. We quantify the benefit of combining these sources and challenge a recent appeal for taking bias parameters into account. We support our conclusions with a general assessment of the impact of bias parameters in ImageNet classifiers 
### 28.Do CNNs Encode Data Augmentations?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08773.pdf)
>  Data augmentations are an important ingredient in the recipe for training robust neural networks, especially in computer vision. A fundamental question is whether neural network features explicitly encode data augmentation transformations. To answer this question, we introduce a systematic approach to investigate which layers of neural networks are the most predictive of augmentation transformations. Our approach uses layer features in pre-trained vision models with minimal additional processing to predict common properties transformed by augmentation (scale, aspect ratio, hue, saturation, contrast, brightness). Surprisingly, neural network features not only predict data augmentation transformations, but they predict many transformations with high accuracy. After validating that neural networks encode features corresponding to augmentation transformations, we show that these features are primarily encoded in the early layers of modern CNNs. 
### 29."Who is Driving around Me?" Unique Vehicle Instance Classification using Deep Neural Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08771.pdf)
>  Being aware of other traffic is a prerequisite for self-driving cars to operate in the real world. In this paper, we show how the intrinsic feature maps of an object detection CNN can be used to uniquely identify vehicles from a dash-cam feed. Feature maps of a pretrained `YOLO' network are used to create 700 deep integrated feature signatures (DIFS) from 20 different images of 35 vehicles from a high resolution dataset and 340 signatures from 20 different images of 17 vehicles of a lower resolution tracking benchmark dataset. The YOLO network was trained to classify general object categories, e.g. classify a detected object as a `car' or `truck'. 5-Fold nearest neighbor (1NN) classification was used on DIFS created from feature maps in the middle layers of the network to correctly identify unique vehicles at a rate of 96.7\% for the high resolution data and with a rate of 86.8\% for the lower resolution data. We conclude that a deep neural detection network trained to distinguish between different classes can be successfully used to identify different instances belonging to the same class, through the creation of deep integrated feature signatures (DIFS). 
### 30.ElixirNet: Relation-aware Network Architecture Adaptation for Medical Lesion Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08770.pdf)
>  Most advances in medical lesion detection network are limited to subtle modification on the conventional detection network designed for natural images. However, there exists a vast domain gap between medical images and natural images where the medical image detection often suffers from several domain-specific challenges, such as high lesion/background similarity, dominant tiny lesions, and severe class imbalance. Is a hand-crafted detection network tailored for natural image undoubtedly good enough over a discrepant medical lesion domain? Is there more powerful operations, filters, and sub-networks that better fit the medical lesion detection problem to be discovered? In this paper, we introduce a novel ElixirNet that includes three components: 1) TruncatedRPN balances positive and negative data for false positive reduction; 2) Auto-lesion Block is automatically customized for medical images to incorporate relation-aware operations among region proposals, and leads to more suitable and efficient classification and localization. 3) Relation transfer module incorporates the semantic relationship and transfers the relevant contextual information with an interpretable the graph thus alleviates the problem of lack of annotations for all types of lesions. Experiments on DeepLesion and Kits19 prove the effectiveness of ElixirNet, achieving improvement of both sensitivity and precision over FPN with fewer parameters. 
### 31.Personalized Taste and Cuisine Preference Modeling via Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08769.pdf)
>  With the exponential growth in the usage of social media to share live updates about life, taking pictures has become an unavoidable phenomenon. Individuals unknowingly create a unique knowledge base with these images. The food images, in particular, are of interest as they contain a plethora of information. From the image metadata and using computer vision tools, we can extract distinct insights for each user to build a personal profile. Using the underlying connection between cuisines and their inherent tastes, we attempt to develop such a profile for an individual based solely on the images of his food. Our study provides insights about an individual's inclination towards particular cuisines. Interpreting these insights can lead to the development of a more precise recommendation system. Such a system would avoid the generic approach in favor of a personalized recommendation system. 
### 32.A Review of Computational Approaches for Evaluation of Rehabilitation Exercises  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08767.pdf)
>  Recent advances in data analytics and computer-aided diagnostics stimulate the vision of patient-centric precision healthcare, where treatment plans are customized based on the health records and needs of every patient. In physical rehabilitation, the progress in machine learning and the advent of affordable and reliable motion capture sensors have been conducive to the development of approaches for automated assessment of patient performance and progress toward functional recovery. The presented study reviews computational approaches for evaluating patient performance in rehabilitation programs using motion capture systems. Such approaches will play an important role in supplementing traditional rehabilitation assessment performed by trained clinicians, and in assisting patients participating in home-based rehabilitation. The reviewed computational methods for exercise evaluation are grouped into three main categories: discrete movement score, rule-based, and template-based approaches. The review places an emphasis on the application of machine learning methods for movement evaluation in rehabilitation. Related work in the literature on data representation, feature engineering, movement segmentation, and scoring functions is presented. The study also reviews existing sensors for capturing rehabilitation movements and provides an informative listing of pertinent benchmark datasets. The significance of this paper is in being the first to provide a comprehensive review of computational methods for evaluation of patient performance in rehabilitation programs. 
### 33.Dense Crowds Detection and Surveillance with Drones using Density Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08766.pdf)
>  Detecting and Counting people in a human crowd from a moving drone present challenging problems that arisefrom the constant changing in the image perspective andcamera angle. In this paper, we test two different state-of-the-art approaches, density map generation with VGG19 trainedwith the Bayes loss function and detect-then-count with FasterRCNN with ResNet50-FPN as backbone, in order to comparetheir precision for counting and detecting people in differentreal scenarios taken from a drone flight. We show empiricallythat both proposed methodologies perform especially well fordetecting and counting people in sparse crowds when thedrone is near the ground. Nevertheless, VGG19 provides betterprecision on both tasks while also being lighter than FasterRCNN. Furthermore, VGG19 outperforms Faster RCNN whendealing with dense crowds, proving to be more robust toscale variations and strong occlusions, being more suitable forsurveillance applications using drones 
### 34.Salient Facial Features from Humans and Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08765.pdf)
>  In this work, we explore the features that are used by humans and by convolutional neural networks (ConvNets) to classify faces. We use Guided Backpropagation (GB) to visualize the facial features that influence the output of a ConvNet the most when identifying specific individuals; we explore how to best use GB for that purpose. We use a human intelligence task to find out which facial features humans find to be the most important for identifying specific individuals. We explore the differences between the saliency information gathered from humans and from ConvNets. <br>Humans develop biases in employing available information on facial features to discriminate across faces. Studies show these biases are influenced both by neurological development and by each individual's social experience. In recent years the computer vision community has achieved human-level performance in many face processing tasks with deep neural network-based models. These face processing systems are also subject to systematic biases due to model architectural choices and training data distribution. 
### 35.Shape retrieval of non-rigid 3d human models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08763.pdf)
>  3D models of humans are commonly used within computer graphics and vision, and so the ability to distinguish between body shapes is an important shape retrieval problem. We extend our recent paper which provided a benchmark for testing non-rigid 3D shape retrieval algorithms on 3D human models. This benchmark provided a far stricter challenge than previous shape benchmarks. We have added 145 new models for use as a separate training set, in order to standardise the training data used and provide a fairer comparison. We have also included experiments with the FAUST dataset of human scans. All participants of the previous benchmark study have taken part in the new tests reported here, many providing updated results using the new data. In addition, further participants have also taken part, and we provide extra analysis of the retrieval results. A total of 25 different shape retrieval methods. 
### 36.Exemplar Normalization for Learning Deep Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08761.pdf)
>  Normalization techniques are important in different advanced neural networks and different tasks. This work investigates a novel dynamic learning-to-normalize (L2N) problem by proposing Exemplar Normalization (EN), which is able to learn different normalization methods for different convolutional layers and image samples of a deep network. EN significantly improves flexibility of the recently proposed switchable normalization (SN), which solves a static L2N problem by linearly combining several normalizers in each normalization layer (the combination is the same for all samples). Instead of directly employing a multi-layer perceptron (MLP) to learn data-dependent parameters as conditional batch normalization (cBN) did, the internal architecture of EN is carefully designed to stabilize its optimization, leading to many appealing benefits. (1) EN enables different convolutional layers, image samples, categories, benchmarks, and tasks to use different normalization methods, shedding light on analyzing them in a holistic view. (2) EN is effective for various network architectures and tasks. (3) It could replace any normalization layers in a deep network and still produce stable model training. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of EN in a wide spectrum of tasks including image recognition, noisy label learning, and semantic segmentation. For example, by replacing BN in the ordinary ResNet50, improvement produced by EN is 300% more than that of SN on both ImageNet and the noisy WebVision dataset. 
### 37.A Question-Centric Model for Visual Question Answering in Medical Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08760.pdf)
>  Deep learning methods have proven extremely effective at performing a variety of medical image analysis tasks. With their potential use in clinical routine, their lack of transparency has however been one of their few weak points, raising concerns regarding their behavior and failure modes. While most research to infer model behavior has focused on indirect strategies that estimate prediction uncertainties and visualize model support in the input image space, the ability to explicitly query a prediction model regarding its image content offers a more direct way to determine the behavior of trained models. To this end, we present a novel Visual Question Answering approach that allows an image to be queried by means of a written question. Experiments on a variety of medical and natural image datasets show that by fusing image and question features in a novel way, the proposed approach achieves an equal or higher accuracy compared to current methods. 
### 38.FePh: An Annotated Facial Expression Dataset for the RWTH-PHOENIX-Weather 2014 Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08759.pdf)
>  Facial expressions are important parts of both gesture and sign language recognition systems. Despite the recent advances in both fields, annotated facial expression dataset in the context of sign language are still scarce resources. In this manuscript, we introduce a continuous sign language facial expression dataset, comprising over $3000$ annotated images of the RWTH-PHOENIX-Weather 2014 development set. Unlike the majority of currently existing facial expression datasets, FePh provides sequenced semi-blurry facial images with different head poses, orientations, and movements. In addition, in the majority of images, identities are mouthing the words, which makes the data more challenging. To annotate this dataset we consider primary, secondary, and tertiary dyads of seven basic emotions of "sad", "surprise", "fear", "angry", "neutral", "disgust", and "happy". We also considered the "None" class if the image's facial expression could not be described by any of the aforementioned emotions. Although we provide FePh in the context of facial expression and sign language, it has a wider application in gesture recognition and Human Computer Interaction (HCI) systems. The dataset will be publicly available. 
### 39.A Compact Spectral Descriptor for Shape Deformations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08758.pdf)
>  Modern product design in the engineering domain is increasingly driven by computational analysis including finite-element based simulation, computational optimization, and modern data analysis techniques such as machine learning. To apply these methods, suitable data representations for components under development as well as for related design criteria have to be found. While a component's geometry is typically represented by a polygon surface mesh, it is often not clear how to parametrize critical design properties in order to enable efficient computational analysis. In the present work, we propose a novel methodology to obtain a parameterization of a component's plastic deformation behavior under stress, which is an important design criterion in many application domains, for example, when optimizing the crash behavior in the automotive context. Existing parameterizations limit computational analysis to relatively simple deformations and typically require extensive input by an expert, making the design process time intensive and costly. Hence, we propose a way to derive a compact descriptor of deformation behavior that is based on spectral mesh processing and enables a low-dimensional representation of also complex deformations.We demonstrate the descriptor's ability to represent relevant deformation behavior by applying it in a nearest-neighbor search to identify similar simulation results in a filtering task. The proposed descriptor provides a novel approach to the parametrization of geometric deformation behavior and enables the use of state-of-the-art data analysis techniques such as machine learning to engineering tasks concerned with plastic deformation behavior. 
### 40.Adversarial Camouflage: Hiding Physical-World Attacks with Natural Styles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08757.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) are known to be vulnerable to adversarial examples. Existing works have mostly focused on either digital adversarial examples created via small and imperceptible perturbations, or physical-world adversarial examples created with large and less realistic distortions that are easily identified by human observers. In this paper, we propose a novel approach, called Adversarial Camouflage (\emph{AdvCam}), to craft and camouflage physical-world adversarial examples into natural styles that appear legitimate to human observers. Specifically, \emph{AdvCam} transfers large adversarial perturbations into customized styles, which are then "hidden" on-target object or off-target background. Experimental evaluation shows that, in both digital and physical-world scenarios, adversarial examples crafted by \emph{AdvCam} are well camouflaged and highly stealthy, while remaining effective in fooling state-of-the-art DNN image classifiers. Hence, \emph{AdvCam} is a flexible approach that can help craft stealthy attacks to evaluate the robustness of DNNs. \emph{AdvCam} can also be used to protect private information from being detected by deep learning systems. 
### 41.Deep Neural Network Perception Models and Robust Autonomous Driving Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08756.pdf)
>  This paper analyzes the robustness of deep learning models in autonomous driving applications and discusses the practical solutions to address that. 
### 42.Adaptive binarization based on fuzzy integrals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08755.pdf)
>  Adaptive binarization methodologies threshold the intensity of the pixels with respect to adjacent pixels exploiting the integral images. In turn, the integral images are generally computed optimally using the summed-area-table algorithm (SAT). This document presents a new adaptive binarization technique based on fuzzy integral images through an efficient design of a modified SAT for fuzzy integrals. We define this new methodology as FLAT (Fuzzy Local Adaptive Thresholding). The experimental results show that the proposed methodology have produced an image quality thresholding often better than traditional algorithms and saliency neural networks. We propose a new generalization of the Sugeno and CF 1,2 integrals to improve existing results with an efficient integral image computation. Therefore, these new generalized fuzzy integrals can be used as a tool for grayscale processing in real-time and deep-learning applications. Index Terms: Image Thresholding, Image Processing, Fuzzy Integrals, Aggregation Functions 
### 43.SAM: The Sensitivity of Attribution Methods to Hyperparameters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08754.pdf)
>  Attribution methods can provide powerful insights into the reasons for a classifier's decision. We argue that a key desideratum of an explanation method is its robustness to input hyperparameters which are often randomly set or empirically tuned. High sensitivity to arbitrary hyperparameter choices does not only impede reproducibility but also questions the correctness of an explanation and impairs the trust of end-users. In this paper, we provide a thorough empirical study on the sensitivity of existing attribution methods. We found an alarming trend that many methods are highly sensitive to changes in their common hyperparameters e.g. even changing a random seed can yield a different explanation! Interestingly, such sensitivity is not reflected in the average explanation accuracy scores over the dataset as commonly reported in the literature. In addition, explanations generated for robust classifiers (i.e. which are trained to be invariant to pixel-wise perturbations) are surprisingly more robust than those generated for regular classifiers. 
### 44.FineHand: Learning Hand Shapes for American Sign Language Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08753.pdf)
>  American Sign Language recognition is a difficult gesture recognition problem, characterized by fast, highly articulate gestures. These are comprised of arm movements with different hand shapes, facial expression and head movements. Among these components, hand shape is the vital, often the most discriminative part of a gesture. In this work, we present an approach for effective learning of hand shape embeddings, which are discriminative for ASL gestures. For hand shape recognition our method uses a mix of manually labelled hand shapes and high confidence predictions to train deep convolutional neural network (CNN). The sequential gesture component is captured by recursive neural network (RNN) trained on the embeddings learned in the first stage. We will demonstrate that higher quality hand shape models can significantly improve the accuracy of final video gesture classification in challenging conditions with variety of speakers, different illumination and significant motion blurr. We compare our model to alternative approaches exploiting different modalities and representations of the data and show improved video gesture recognition accuracy on GMU-ASL51 benchmark dataset 
### 45.Hierarchical Modes Exploring in Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08752.pdf)
>  In conditional Generative Adversarial Networks (cGANs), when two different initial noises are concatenated with the same conditional information, the distance between their outputs is relatively smaller, which makes minor modes likely to collapse into large modes. To prevent this happen, we proposed a hierarchical mode exploring method to alleviate mode collapse in cGANs by introducing a diversity measurement into the objective function as the regularization term. We also introduced the Expected Ratios of Expansion (ERE) into the regularization term, by minimizing the sum of differences between the real change of distance and ERE, we can control the diversity of generated images w.r.t specific-level features. We validated the proposed algorithm on four conditional image synthesis tasks including categorical generation, paired and un-paired image translation and text-to-image generation. Both qualitative and quantitative results show that the proposed method is effective in alleviating the mode collapse problem in cGANs, and can control the diversity of output images w.r.t specific-level features. 
### 46.Unique Class Group Based Multi-Label Balancing Optimizer for Action Unit Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08751.pdf)
>  Balancing methods for single-label data cannot be applied to multi-label problems as they would also resample the samples with high occurrences. We propose to reformulate this problem as an optimization problem in order to balance multi-label data. We apply this balancing algorithm to training datasets for detecting isolated facial movements, so-called Action Units. Several Action Units can describe combined emotions or physical states such as pain. As datasets in this area are limited and mostly imbalanced, we show how optimized balancing and then augmentation can improve Action Unit detection. At the IEEE Conference on Face and Gesture Recognition 2020, we ranked third in the Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-wild (ABAW) challenge for the Action Unit detection task. 
### 47.Longevity Associated Geometry Identified in Satellite Images: Sidewalks, Driveways and Hiking Trails  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08750.pdf)
>  Importance: Following a century of increase, life expectancy in the United States has stagnated and begun to decline in recent decades. Using satellite images and street view images prior work has demonstrated associations of the built environment with income, education, access to care and health factors such as obesity. However, assessment of learned image feature relationships with variation in crude mortality rate across the United States has been lacking. <br>Objective: Investigate prediction of county-level mortality rates in the U.S. using satellite images. <br>Design: Satellite images were extracted with the Google Static Maps application programming interface for 430 counties representing approximately 68.9% of the US population. A convolutional neural network was trained using crude mortality rates for each county in 2015 to predict mortality. Learned image features were interpreted using Shapley Additive Feature Explanations, clustered, and compared to mortality and its associated covariate predictors. <br>Main Outcomes and Measures: County mortality was predicted using satellite images. <br>Results: Predicted mortality from satellite images in a held-out test set of counties was strongly correlated to the true crude mortality rate (Pearson r=0.72). Learned image features were clustered, and we identified 10 clusters that were associated with education, income, geographical region, race and age. <br>Conclusion and Relevance: The application of deep learning techniques to remotely-sensed features of the built environment can serve as a useful predictor of mortality in the United States. Tools that are able to identify image features associated with health-related outcomes can inform targeted public health interventions. 
### 48.Toward Enabling a Reliable Quality Monitoring System for Additive Manufacturing Process using Deep Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08749.pdf)
>  Additive Manufacturing (AM) is a crucial component of the smart industry. In this paper, we propose an automated quality grading system for the AM process using a deep convolutional neural network (CNN) model. The CNN model is trained offline using the images of the internal and surface defects in the layer-by-layer deposition of materials and tested online by studying the performance of detecting and classifying the failure in AM process at different extruder speeds and temperatures. The model demonstrates the accuracy of 94% and specificity of 96%, as well as above 75% in three classifier measures of the Fscore, the sensitivity, and precision for classifying the quality of the printing process in five grades in real-time. The proposed online model adds an automated, consistent, and non-contact quality control signal to the AM process that eliminates the manual inspection of parts after they are entirely built. The quality monitoring signal can also be used by the machine to suggest remedial actions by adjusting the parameters in real-time. The proposed quality predictive model serves as a proof-of-concept for any type of AM machines to produce reliable parts with fewer quality hiccups while limiting the waste of both time and materials. 
### 49.Reduction of Surgical Risk Through the Evaluation of Medical Imaging Diagnostics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08748.pdf)
>  Computer aided diagnosis (CAD) of Breast Cancer (BRCA) images has been an active area of research in recent years. The main goals of this research is to develop reliable automatic methods for detecting and diagnosing different types of BRCA from diagnostic images. In this paper, we present a review of the state of the art CAD methods applied to magnetic resonance (MRI) and mammography images of BRCA patients. The review aims to provide an extensive introduction to different features extracted from BRCA images through texture and statistical analysis and to categorize deep learning frameworks and data structures capable of using metadata to aggregate relevant information to assist oncologists and radiologists. We divide the existing literature according to the imaging modality and into radiomics, machine learning, or combination of both. We also emphasize the difference between each modality and methods strengths and weaknesses and analyze their performance in detecting BRCA through a quantitative comparison. We compare the results of various approaches for implementing CAD systems for the detection of BRCA. Each approachs standard workflow components are reviewed and summary tables provided. We present an extensive literature review of radiomics feature extraction techniques and machine learning methods applied in BRCA diagnosis and detection, focusing on data preparation, data structures, pre processing and post processing strategies available in the literature. There is a growing interest on radiomic feature extraction and machine learning methods for BRCA detection through histopathological images, MRI and mammography images. However, there isnt a CAD method able to combine distinct data types to provide the best diagnostic results. Employing data fusion techniques to medical images and patient data could lead to improved detection and classification results. 
### 50.IROF: a low resource evaluation metric for explanation methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08747.pdf)
>  The adoption of machine learning in health care hinges on the transparency of the used algorithms, necessitating the need for explanation methods. However, despite a growing literature on explaining neural networks, no consensus has been reached on how to evaluate those explanation methods. We propose IROF, a new approach to evaluating explanation methods that circumvents the need for manual evaluation. Compared to other recent work, our approach requires several orders of magnitude less computational resources and no human input, making it accessible to lower resource groups and robust to human bias. 
### 51.On the Road with 16 Neurons: Mental Imagery with Bio-inspired Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08745.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a strategy for visual prediction in the context of autonomous driving. Humans, when not distracted or drunk, are still the best drivers you can currently find. For this reason we take inspiration from two theoretical ideas about the human mind and its neural organization. The first idea concerns how the brain uses a hierarchical structure of neuron ensembles to extract abstract concepts from visual experience and code them into compact representations. The second idea suggests that these neural perceptual representations are not neutral but functional to the prediction of the future state of affairs in the environment. Similarly, the prediction mechanism is not neutral but oriented to the current planning of a future action. We identify within the deep learning framework two artificial counterparts of the aforementioned neurocognitive theories. We find a correspondence between the first theoretical idea and the architecture of convolutional autoencoders, while we translate the second theory into a training procedure that learns compact representations which are not neutral but oriented to driving tasks, from two distinct perspectives. From a static perspective, we force groups of neural units in the compact representations to distinctly represent specific concepts crucial to the driving task. From a dynamic perspective, we encourage the compact representations to be predictive of how the current road scenario will change in the future. We successfully learn compact representations that use as few as 16 neural units for each of the two basic driving concepts we consider: car and lane. We prove the efficiency of our proposed perceptual representations on the SYNTHIA dataset. Our source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/3lis/rnn_vae" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 52.PLOP: Probabilistic poLynomial Objects trajectory Planning for autonomous driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08744.pdf)
>  To navigate safely in an urban environment, an autonomous vehicle (ego vehicle) needs to understand and anticipate its surroundings, in particular the behavior of other road users (neighbors). However, multiple choices are often acceptable (e.g. turn right or left, or different ways of avoiding an obstacle). We focus here on predicting multiple feasible future trajectories both for the ego vehicle and neighbors through a probabilistic framework. We use a conditional imitation learning algorithm, conditioned by a navigation command for the ego vehicle (e.g. "turn right"). It takes as input the ego car front camera image, a Lidar point cloud in a bird-eye view grid and present and past objects detections to output ego vehicle and neighbors possible trajectories but also semantic segmentation as an auxiliary loss. We evaluate our method on the publicly available dataset nuScenes, showing state-of-the-art performance and investigating the impact of our architecture choices. 
### 53.Generative Multi-Stream Architecture For American Sign Language Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08743.pdf)
>  With advancements in deep model architectures, tasks in computer vision can reach optimal convergence provided proper data preprocessing and model parameter initialization. However, training on datasets with low feature-richness for complex applications limit and detriment optimal convergence below human performance. In past works, researchers have provided external sources of complementary data at the cost of supplementary hardware, which are fed in streams to counteract this limitation and boost performance. We propose a generative multi-stream architecture, eliminating the need for additional hardware with the intent to improve feature richness without risking impracticability. We also introduce the compact spatio-temporal residual block to the standard 3-dimensional convolutional model, C3D. Our rC3D model performs comparatively to the top C3D residual variant architecture, the pseudo-3D model, on the FASL-RGB dataset. Our methods have achieved 95.62% validation accuracy with a variance of 1.42% from training, outperforming past models by 0.45% in validation accuracy and 5.53% in variance. 
### 54.A CNN-based Patent Image Retrieval Method for Design Ideation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08741.pdf)
>  The patent database is often used in searches of inspirational stimuli for innovative design opportunities because of its large size, extensive variety and rich design information in patent documents. However, most patent mining research only focuses on textual information and ignores visual information. Herein, we propose a convolutional neural network (CNN)- based patent image retrieval method. The core of this approach is a novel neural network architecture named Dual-VGG that is aimed to accomplish two tasks: visual material type prediction and International Patent Classification (IPC) class label prediction. In turn, the trained neural network provides the deep features in the image embedding vectors that can be utilized for patent image retrieval. The accuracy of both training tasks and patent image embedding space are evaluated to show the performance of our model. This approach is also illustrated in a case study of robot arm design retrieval. Compared to traditional keyword-based searching and Google image searching, the proposed method discovers more useful visual information for engineering design. 
### 55.Out-of-Distribution Detection in Multi-Label Datasets using Latent Space of $$-VAE  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08740.pdf)
>  Learning Enabled Components (LECs) are widely being used in a variety of perception based autonomy tasks like image segmentation, object detection, end-to-end driving, etc. These components are trained with large image datasets with multimodal factors like weather conditions, time-of-day, traffic-density, etc. The LECs learn from these factors during training, and while testing if there is variation in any of these factors, the components get confused resulting in low confidence predictions. The images with factors not seen during training is commonly referred to as Out-of-Distribution (OOD). For safe autonomy it is important to identify the OOD images, so that a suitable mitigation strategy can be performed. Classical one-class classifiers like SVM and SVDD are used to perform OOD detection. However, the multiple labels attached to the images in these datasets, restricts the direct application of these techniques. We address this problem using the latent space of the $\beta$-Variational Autoencoder ($\beta$-VAE). We use the fact that compact latent space generated by an appropriately selected $\beta$-VAE will encode the information about these factors in a few latent variables, and that can be used for computationally inexpensive detection. We evaluate our approach on the nuScenes dataset, and our results shows the latent space of $\beta$-VAE is sensitive to encode changes in the values of the generative factor. 
### 56.A Matlab Toolbox for Feature Importance Ranking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08737.pdf)
>  More attention is being paid for feature importance ranking (FIR), in particular when thousands of features can be extracted for intelligent diagnosis and personalized medicine. A large number of FIR approaches have been proposed, while few are integrated for comparison and real-life applications. In this study, a matlab toolbox is presented and a total of 30 algorithms are collected. Moreover, the toolbox is evaluated on a database of 163 ultrasound images. To each breast mass lesion, 15 features are extracted. To figure out the optimal subset of features for classification, all combinations of features are tested and linear support vector machine is used for the malignancy prediction of lesions annotated in ultrasound images. At last, the effectiveness of FIR is analyzed according to performance comparison. The toolbox is online (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/NicoYuCN/matFIR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>). In our future work, more FIR methods, feature selection methods and machine learning classifiers will be integrated. 
### 57.Real-Time High-Performance Semantic Image Segmentation of Urban Street Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08736.pdf)
>  Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (DCNNs) have recently shown outstanding performance in semantic image segmentation. However, state-of-the-art DCNN-based semantic segmentation methods usually suffer from high computational complexity due to the use of complex network architectures. This greatly limits their applications in the real-world scenarios that require real-time processing. In this paper, we propose a real-time high-performance DCNN-based method for robust semantic segmentation of urban street scenes, which achieves a good trade-off between accuracy and speed. Specifically, a Lightweight Baseline Network with Atrous convolution and Attention (LBN-AA) is firstly used as our baseline network to efficiently obtain dense feature maps. Then, the Distinctive Atrous Spatial Pyramid Pooling (DASPP), which exploits the different sizes of pooling operations to encode the rich and distinctive semantic information, is developed to detect objects at multiple scales. Meanwhile, a Spatial detail-Preserving Network (SPN) with shallow convolutional layers is designed to generate high-resolution feature maps preserving the detailed spatial information. Finally, a simple but practical Feature Fusion Network (FFN) is used to effectively combine both shallow and deep features from the semantic branch (DASPP) and the spatial branch (SPN), respectively. Extensive experimental results show that the proposed method respectively achieves the accuracy of 73.6% and 68.0% mean Intersection over Union (mIoU) with the inference speed of 51.0 fps and 39.3 fps on the challenging Cityscapes and CamVid test datasets (by only using a single NVIDIA TITAN X card). This demonstrates that the proposed method offers excellent performance at the real-time speed for semantic segmentation of urban street scenes. 
### 58.Fast Distance-based Anomaly Detection in Images Using an Inception-like Autoencoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08731.pdf)
>  The goal of anomaly detection is to identify examples that deviate from normal or expected behavior. We tackle this problem for images. We consider a two-phase approach. First, using normal examples, a convolutional autoencoder (CAE) is trained to extract a low-dimensional representation of the images. Here, we propose a novel architectural choice when designing the CAE, an Inception-like CAE. It combines convolutional filters of different kernel sizes and it uses a Global Average Pooling (GAP) operation to extract the representations from the CAE's bottleneck layer. Second, we employ a distanced-based anomaly detector in the low-dimensional space of the learned representation for the images. However, instead of computing the exact distance, we compute an approximate distance using product quantization. This alleviates the high memory and prediction time costs of distance-based anomaly detectors. We compare our proposed approach to a number of baselines and state-of-the-art methods on four image datasets, and we find that our approach resulted in improved predictive performance. 
### 59.Customized Video QoE Estimation with Algorithm-Agnostic Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08730.pdf)
>  The development of QoE models by means of Machine Learning (ML) is challenging, amongst others due to small-size datasets, lack of diversity in user profiles in the source domain, and too much diversity in the target domains of QoE models. Furthermore, datasets can be hard to share between research entities, as the machine learning models and the collected user data from the user studies may be IPR- or GDPR-sensitive. This makes a decentralized learning-based framework appealing for sharing and aggregating learned knowledge in-between the local models that map the obtained metrics to the user QoE, such as Mean Opinion Scores (MOS). In this paper, we present a transfer learning-based ML model training approach, which allows decentralized local models to share generic indicators on MOS to learn a generic base model, and then customize the generic base model further using additional features that are unique to those specific localized (and potentially sensitive) QoE nodes. We show that the proposed approach is agnostic to specific ML algorithms, stacked upon each other, as it does not necessitate the collaborating localized nodes to run the same ML algorithm. Our reproducible results reveal the advantages of stacking various generic and specific models with corresponding weight factors. Moreover, we identify the optimal combination of algorithms and weight factors for the corresponding localized QoE nodes. 
### 60.Dynamic Spatiotemporal Graph Neural Network with Tensor Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08729.pdf)
>  Dynamic spatial graph construction is a challenge in graph neural network (GNN) for time series data problems. Although some adaptive graphs are conceivable, only a 2D graph is embedded in the network to reflect the current spatial relation, regardless of all the previous situations. In this work, we generate a spatial tensor graph (STG) to collect all the dynamic spatial relations, as well as a temporal tensor graph (TTG) to find the latent pattern along time at each node. These two tensor graphs share the same nodes and edges, which leading us to explore their entangled correlations by Projected Entangled Pair States (PEPS) to optimize the two graphs. We experimentally compare the accuracy and time costing with the state-of-the-art GNN based methods on the public traffic datasets. 
### 61.Giving Commands to a Self-driving Car: A Multimodal Reasoner for Visual Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08717.pdf)
>  We propose a new spatial memory module and a spatial reasoner for the Visual Grounding (VG) task. The goal of this task is to find a certain object in an image based on a given textual query. Our work focuses on integrating the regions of a Region Proposal Network (RPN) into a new multi-step reasoning model which we have named a Multimodal Spatial Region Reasoner (MSRR). The introduced model uses the object regions from an RPN as initialization of a 2D spatial memory and then implements a multi-step reasoning process scoring each region according to the query, hence why we call it a multimodal reasoner. We evaluate this new model on challenging datasets and our experiments show that our model that jointly reasons over the object regions of the image and words of the query largely improves accuracy compared to current state-of-the-art models. 
### 62.Leveraging Frequency Analysis for Deep Fake Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08685.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks can generate images that are astonishingly realistic, so much so that it is often hard for humans to distinguish them from actual photos. These achievements have been largely made possible by Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). While these deep fake images have been thoroughly investigated in the image domain-a classical approach from the area of image forensics-an analysis in the frequency domain has been missing so far. <br>In this paper, we address this shortcoming and our results reveal that in frequency space, GAN-generated images exhibit severe artifacts that can be easily identified. We perform a comprehensive analysis, showing that these artifacts are consistent across different neural network architectures, data sets, and resolutions. In a further investigation, we demonstrate that these artifacts are caused by upsampling operations found in all current GAN architectures, indicating a structural and fundamental problem in the way images are generated via GANs. Based on this analysis, we demonstrate how the frequency representation can be used to identify deep fake images in an automated way, surpassing state-of-the-art methods. 
### 63.Efficient and Robust Shape Correspondence via Sparsity-Enforced Quadratic Assignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08680.pdf)
>  In this work, we introduce a novel local pairwise descriptor and then develop a simple, effective iterative method to solve the resulting quadratic assignment through sparsity control for shape correspondence between two approximate isometric surfaces. Our pairwise descriptor is based on the stiffness and mass matrix of finite element approximation of the Laplace-Beltrami differential operator, which is local in space, sparse to represent, and extremely easy to compute while containing global information. It allows us to deal with open surfaces, partial matching, and topological perturbations robustly. To solve the resulting quadratic assignment problem efficiently, the two key ideas of our iterative algorithm are: 1) select pairs with good (approximate) correspondence as anchor points, 2) solve a regularized quadratic assignment problem only in the neighborhood of selected anchor points through sparsity control. These two ingredients can improve and increase the number of anchor points quickly while reducing the computation cost in each quadratic assignment iteration significantly. With enough high-quality anchor points, one may use various pointwise global features with reference to these anchor points to further improve the dense shape correspondence. We use various experiments to show the efficiency, quality, and versatility of our method on large data sets, patches, and point clouds (without global meshes). 
### 64.LANCE: efficient low-precision quantized Winograd convolution for neural networks based on graphics processing units  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08646.pdf)
>  Accelerating deep convolutional neural networks has become an active topic and sparked an interest in academia and industry. In this paper, we propose an efficient low-precision quantized Winograd convolution algorithm, called LANCE, which combines the advantages of fast convolution and quantization techniques. By embedding linear quantization operations into the Winograd-domain, the fast convolution can be performed efficiently under low-precision computation on graphics processing units. We test neural network models with LANCE on representative image classification datasets, including SVHN, CIFAR, and ImageNet. The experimental results show that our 8-bit quantized Winograd convolution improves the performance by up to 2.40x over the full-precision convolution with trivial accuracy loss. 
### 65.Detecting Deepfakes with Metric Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08645.pdf)
>  With the arrival of several face-swapping applications such as FaceApp, SnapChat, MixBooth, FaceBlender and many more, the authenticity of digital media content is hanging on a very loose thread. On social media platforms, videos are widely circulated often at a high compression factor. In this work, we analyze several deep learning approaches in the context of deepfakes classification in high compression scenario and demonstrate that a proposed approach based on metric learning can be very effective in performing such a classification. Using less number of frames per video to assess its realism, the metric learning approach using a triplet network architecture proves to be fruitful. It learns to enhance the feature space distance between the cluster of real and fake videos embedding vectors. We validated our approaches on two datasets to analyze the behavior in different environments. We achieved a state-of-the-art AUC score of 99.2% on the Celeb-DF dataset and accuracy of 90.71% on a highly compressed Neural Texture dataset. Our approach is especially helpful on social media platforms where data compression is inevitable. 
### 66.Photo-Realistic Video Prediction on Natural Videos of Largely Changing Frames  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08635.pdf)
>  Recent advances in deep learning have significantly improved performance of video prediction. However, state-of-the-art methods still suffer from blurriness and distortions in their future predictions, especially when there are large motions between frames. To address these issues, we propose a deep residual network with the hierarchical architecture where each layer makes a prediction of future state at different spatial resolution, and these predictions of different layers are merged via top-down connections to generate future frames. We trained our model with adversarial and perceptual loss functions, and evaluated it on a natural video dataset captured by car-mounted cameras. Our model quantitatively outperforms state-of-the-art baselines in future frame prediction on video sequences of both largely and slightly changing frames. Furthermore, our model generates future frames with finer details and textures that are perceptually more realistic than the baselines, especially under fast camera motions. 
### 67.Unsupervised text line segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08632.pdf)
>  We present an unsupervised text line segmentation method that is inspired by the relative variance between text lines and spaces among text lines. Handwritten text line segmentation is important for the efficiency of further processing. A common method is to train a deep learning network for embedding the document image into an image of blob lines that are tracing the text lines. Previous methods learned such embedding in a supervised manner, requiring the annotation of many document images. This paper presents an unsupervised embedding of document image patches without a need for annotations. The main idea is that the number of foreground pixels over the text lines is relatively different from the number of foreground pixels over the spaces among text lines. Generating similar and different pairs relying on this principle definitely leads to outliers. However, as the results show, the outliers do not harm the convergence and the network learns to discriminate the text lines from the spaces between text lines. We experimented with a challenging Arabic handwritten text line segmentation dataset, VML-AHTE, and achieved a superior performance even over the supervised methods. 
### 68.Foldover Features for Dynamic Object Behavior Description in Microscopic Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08628.pdf)
>  Behavior description is conducive to the analysis of tiny objects, similar objects, objects with weak visual information and objects with similar visual information, playing a fundamental role in the identification and classification of dynamic objects in microscopic videos. To this end, we propose foldover features to describe the behavior of dynamic objects. First, we generate foldover for each object in microscopic videos in X, Y and Z directions, respectively. Then, we extract foldover features from the X, Y and Z directions with statistical methods, respectively. Finally, we use four different classifiers to test the effectiveness of the proposed foldover features. In the experiment, we use a sperm microscopic video dataset to evaluate the proposed foldover features, including three types of 1374 sperms, and obtain the highest classification accuracy of 96.5%. 
### 69.Domain-Adaptive Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08626.pdf)
>  Existing few-shot learning (FSL) methods make the implicit assumption that the few target class samples are from the same domain as the source class samples. However, in practice this assumption is often invalid -- the target classes could come from a different domain. This poses an additional challenge of domain adaptation (DA) with few training samples. In this paper, the problem of domain-adaptive few-shot learning (DA-FSL) is tackled, which requires solving FSL and DA in a unified framework. To this end, we propose a novel domain-adversarial prototypical network (DAPN) model. It is designed to address a specific challenge in DA-FSL: the DA objective means that the source and target data distributions need to be aligned, typically through a shared domain-adaptive feature embedding space; but the FSL objective dictates that the target domain per class distribution must be different from that of any source domain class, meaning aligning the distributions across domains may harm the FSL performance. How to achieve global domain distribution alignment whilst maintaining source/target per-class discriminativeness thus becomes the key. Our solution is to explicitly enhance the source/target per-class separation before domain-adaptive feature embedding learning in the DAPN, in order to alleviate the negative effect of domain alignment on FSL. Extensive experiments show that our DAPN outperforms the state-of-the-art FSL and DA models, as well as their nave combinations. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dingmyu/DAPN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 70.PT2PC: Learning to Generate 3D Point Cloud Shapes from Part Tree Conditions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08624.pdf)
>  3D generative shape modeling is a fundamental research area in computer vision and interactive computer graphics, with many real-world applications. This paper investigates the novel problem of generating 3D shape point cloud geometry from a symbolic part tree representation. In order to learn such a conditional shape generation procedure in an end-to-end fashion, we propose a conditional GAN "part tree"-to-"point cloud" model (PT2PC) that disentangles the structural and geometric factors. The proposed model incorporates the part tree condition into the architecture design by passing messages top-down and bottom-up along the part tree hierarchy. Experimental results and user study demonstrate the strengths of our method in generating perceptually plausible and diverse 3D point clouds, given the part tree condition. We also propose a novel structural measure for evaluating if the generated shape point clouds satisfy the part tree conditions. 
### 71.AQPDBJUT Dataset: Picture-Based PM2.5 Monitoring in the Campus of BJUT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08609.pdf)
>  Ensuring the students in good physical levels is imperative for their future health. In recent years, the continually growing concentration of Particulate Matter (PM) has done increasingly serious harm to student health. Hence, it is highly required to prevent and control PM concentrations in the campus. As the source of PM prevention and control, developing a good model for PM monitoring is extremely urgent and has posed a big challenge. It has been found in prior works that photo-based methods are available for PM monitoring. To verify the effectiveness of existing PM monitoring methods in the campus, we establish a new dataset which includes 1,500 photos collected in the Beijing University of Technology. Experiments show that stated-of-the-art methods are far from ideal for PM2.5 monitoring in the campus. 
### 72.Depth Potentiality-Aware Gated Attention Network for RGB-D Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08608.pdf)
>  There are two main issues in RGB-D salient object detection: (1) how to effectively integrate the complementarity from the cross-modal RGB-D data; (2) how to prevent the contamination effect from the unreliable depth map. In fact, these two problems are linked and intertwined, but the previous methods tend to focus only on the first problem and ignore the consideration of depth map quality, which may yield the model fall into the sub-optimal state. In this paper, we address these two issues in a holistic model synergistically, and propose a novel network named DPANet to explicitly model the potentiality of the depth map and effectively integrate the cross-modal complementarity. By introducing the depth potentiality perception, the network can perceive the potentiality of depth information in a learning-based manner, and guide the fusion process of two modal data to prevent the contamination occurred. The gated multi-modality attention module in the fusion process exploits the attention mechanism with a gate controller to capture long-range dependencies from a cross-modal perspective. Experimental results compared with 15 state-of-the-art methods on 8 datasets demonstrate the validity of the proposed approach both quantitatively and qualitatively. 
### 73.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation via Structurally Regularized Deep Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08607.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) is to make predictions for unlabeled data on a target domain, given labeled data on a source domain whose distribution shifts from the target one. Mainstream UDA methods learn aligned features between the two domains, such that a classifier trained on the source features can be readily applied to the target ones. However, such a transferring strategy has a potential risk of damaging the intrinsic discrimination of target data. To alleviate this risk, we are motivated by the assumption of structural domain similarity, and propose to directly uncover the intrinsic target discrimination via discriminative clustering of target data. We constrain the clustering solutions using structural source regularization that hinges on our assumed structural domain similarity. Technically, we use a flexible framework of deep network based discriminative clustering that minimizes the KL divergence between predictive label distribution of the network and an introduced auxiliary one; replacing the auxiliary distribution with that formed by ground-truth labels of source data implements the structural source regularization via a simple strategy of joint network training. We term our proposed method as Structurally Regularized Deep Clustering (SRDC), where we also enhance target discrimination with clustering of intermediate network features, and enhance structural regularization with soft selection of less divergent source examples. Careful ablation studies show the efficacy of our proposed SRDC. Notably, with no explicit domain alignment, SRDC outperforms all existing methods on three UDA benchmarks. 
### 74.End-to-End Deep Diagnosis of X-ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08605.pdf)
>  In this work, we present an end-to-end deep learning framework for X-ray image diagnosis. As the first step, our system determines whether a submitted image is an X-ray or not. After it classifies the type of the X-ray, it runs the dedicated abnormality classification network. In this work, we only focus on the chest X-rays for abnormality classification. However, the system can be extended to other X-ray types easily. Our deep learning classifiers are based on DenseNet-121 architecture. The test set accuracy obtained for 'X-ray or Not', 'X-ray Type Classification', and 'Chest Abnormality Classification' tasks are 0.987, 0.976, and 0.947, respectively, resulting into an end-to-end accuracy of 0.91. For achieving better results than the state-of-the-art in the 'Chest Abnormality Classification', we utilize the new RAdam optimizer. We also use Gradient-weighted Class Activation Mapping for visual explanation of the results. Our results show the feasibility of a generalized online projectional radiography diagnosis system. 
### 75.Deep convolutional embedding for digitized painting clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08597.pdf)
>  Clustering artworks is difficult because of several reasons. On one hand, recognizing meaningful patterns in accordance with domain knowledge and visual perception is extremely hard. On the other hand, the application of traditional clustering and feature reduction techniques to the highly dimensional pixel space can be ineffective. To address these issues, we propose a deep convolutional embedding model for clustering digital paintings, in which the task of mapping the input raw data to an abstract, latent space is optimized jointly with the task of finding a set of cluster centroids in this latent feature space. Quantitative and qualitative experimental results show the effectiveness of the proposed method. The model is also able to outperform other state-of-the-art deep clustering approaches to the same problem. The proposed method may be beneficial to several art-related tasks, particularly visual link retrieval and historical knowledge discovery in painting datasets. 
### 76.Curriculum DeepSDF  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08593.pdf)
>  When learning to sketch, beginners start with simple and flexible shapes, and then gradually strive for more complex and accurate ones in the subsequent training sessions. In this paper, we design a "shape curriculum" for learning continuous Signed Distance Function (SDF) on shapes, namely Curriculum DeepSDF. Inspired by how humans learn, Curriculum DeepSDF organizes the learning task in ascending order of difficulty according to the following two criteria: surface accuracy and sample difficulty. The former considers stringency in supervising with ground truth, while the latter regards the weights of hard training samples near complex geometry and fine structure. More specifically, Curriculum DeepSDF learns to reconstruct coarse shapes at first, and then gradually increases the accuracy and focuses more on complex local details. Experimental results show that a carefully-designed curriculum leads to significantly better shape reconstructions with the same training data, training epochs and network architecture as DeepSDF. We believe that the application of shape curricula can benefit the training process of a wide variety of 3D shape representation learning methods. 
### 77.High Accuracy Face Geometry Capture using a Smartphone Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08583.pdf)
>  What's the most accurate 3D model of your face you can obtain while sitting at your desk? We attempt to answer this question in our work. High fidelity face reconstructions have so far been limited to either studio settings or through expensive 3D scanners. On the other hand, unconstrained reconstruction methods are typically limited by low-capacity models. Our method reconstructs accurate face geometry of a subject using a video shot from a smartphone in an unconstrained environment. Our approach takes advantage of recent advances in visual SLAM, keypoint detection, and object detection to improve accuracy and robustness. By not being constrained to a model subspace, our reconstructed meshes capture important details while being robust to noise and being topologically consistent. Our evaluations show that our method outperforms current single and multi-view baselines by a significant margin, both in terms of geometric accuracy and in capturing person-specific details important for making realistic looking models. 
### 78.CPR-GCN: Conditional Partial-Residual Graph Convolutional Network in Automated Anatomical Labeling of Coronary Arteries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08560.pdf)
>  Automated anatomical labeling plays a vital role in coronary artery disease diagnosing procedure. The main challenge in this problem is the large individual variability inherited in human anatomy. Existing methods usually rely on the position information and the prior knowledge of the topology of the coronary artery tree, which may lead to unsatisfactory performance when the main branches are confusing. Motivated by the wide application of the graph neural network in structured data, in this paper, we propose a conditional partial-residual graph convolutional network (CPR-GCN), which takes both position and CT image into consideration, since CT image contains abundant information such as branch size and spanning direction. Two majority parts, a Partial-Residual GCN and a conditions extractor, are included in CPR-GCN. The conditions extractor is a hybrid model containing the 3D CNN and the LSTM, which can extract 3D spatial image features along the branches. On the technical side, the Partial-Residual GCN takes the position features of the branches, with the 3D spatial image features as conditions, to predict the label for each branches. While on the mathematical side, our approach twists the partial differential equation (PDE) into the graph modeling. A dataset with 511 subjects is collected from the clinic and annotated by two experts with a two-phase annotation process. According to the five-fold cross-validation, our CPR-GCN yields 95.8% meanRecall, 95.4% meanPrecision and 0.955 meanF1, which outperforms state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 79.Quality Control of Neuron Reconstruction Based on Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08556.pdf)
>  Neuron reconstruction is essential to generate exquisite neuron connectivity map for understanding brain function. Despite the significant amount of effect that has been made on automatic reconstruction methods, manual tracing by well-trained human annotators is still necessary. To ensure the quality of reconstructed neurons and provide guidance for annotators to improve their efficiency, we propose a deep learning based quality control method for neuron reconstruction in this paper. By formulating the quality control problem into a binary classification task regarding each single point, the proposed approach overcomes the technical difficulties resulting from the large image size and complex neuron morphology. Not only it provides the evaluation of reconstruction quality, but also can locate exactly where the wrong tracing begins. This work presents one of the first comprehensive studies for whole-brain scale quality control of neuron reconstructions. Experiments on five-fold cross validation with a large dataset demonstrate that the proposed approach can detect 74.7% errors with only 1.4% false alerts. 
### 80.Detecting Lane and Road Markings at A Distance with Perspective Transformer Layers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08550.pdf)
>  Accurate detection of lane and road markings is a task of great importance for intelligent vehicles. In existing approaches, the detection accuracy often degrades with the increasing distance. This is due to the fact that distant lane and road markings occupy a small number of pixels in the image, and scales of lane and road markings are inconsistent at various distances and perspectives. The Inverse Perspective Mapping (IPM) can be used to eliminate the perspective distortion, but the inherent interpolation can lead to artifacts especially around distant lane and road markings and thus has a negative impact on the accuracy of lane marking detection and segmentation. To solve this problem, we adopt the Encoder-Decoder architecture in Fully Convolutional Networks and leverage the idea of Spatial Transformer Networks to introduce a novel semantic segmentation neural network. This approach decomposes the IPM process into multiple consecutive differentiable homographic transform layers, which are called "Perspective Transformer Layers". Furthermore, the interpolated feature map is refined by subsequent convolutional layers thus reducing the artifacts and improving the accuracy. The effectiveness of the proposed method in lane marking detection is validated on two public datasets: TuSimple and ApolloScape 
### 81.Stereo Endoscopic Image Super-Resolution Using Disparity-Constrained Parallel Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08539.pdf)
>  With the popularity of stereo cameras in computer assisted surgery techniques, a second viewpoint would provide additional information in surgery. However, how to effectively access and use stereo information for the super-resolution (SR) purpose is often a challenge. In this paper, we propose a disparity-constrained stereo super-resolution network (DCSSRnet) to simultaneously compute a super-resolved image in a stereo image pair. In particular, we incorporate a disparity-based constraint mechanism into the generation of SR images in a deep neural network framework with an additional atrous parallax-attention modules. Experiment results on laparoscopic images demonstrate that the proposed framework outperforms current SR methods on both quantitative and qualitative evaluations. Our DCSSRnet provides a promising solution on enhancing spatial resolution of stereo image pairs, which will be extremely beneficial for the endoscopic surgery. 
### 82.Pose Augmentation: Class-agnostic Object Pose Transformation for Object Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08526.pdf)
>  Object pose increases interclass object variance which makes object recognition from 2D images harder. To render a classifier robust to pose variations, most deep neural networks try to eliminate the influence of pose by using large datasets with many poses for each class. Here, we propose a different approach: a class-agnostic object pose transformation network (OPT-Net) can transform an image along 3D yaw and pitch axes to synthesize additional poses continuously. Synthesized images lead to better training of an object classifier. We design a novel eliminate-add structure to explicitly disentangle pose from object identity: first eliminate pose information of the input image and then add target pose information (regularized as continuous variables) to synthesize any target pose. We trained OPT-Net on images of toy vehicles shot on a turntable from the iLab-20M dataset. After training on unbalanced discrete poses (5 classes with 6 poses per object instance, plus 5 classes with only 2 poses), we show that OPT-Net can synthesize balanced continuous new poses along yaw and pitch axes with high quality. Training a ResNet-18 classifier with original plus synthesized poses improves mAP accuracy by 9% overtraining on original poses only. Further, the pre-trained OPT-Net can generalize to new object classes, which we demonstrate on both iLab-20M and RGB-D. We also show that the learned features can generalize to ImageNet. 
### 83.SAPIEN: A SimulAted Part-based Interactive ENvironment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08515.pdf)
>  Building home assistant robots has long been a pursuit for vision and robotics researchers. To achieve this task, a simulated environment with physically realistic simulation, sufficient articulated objects, and transferability to the real robot is indispensable. Existing environments achieve these requirements for robotics simulation with different levels of simplification and focus. We take one step further in constructing an environment that supports household tasks for training robot learning algorithm. Our work, SAPIEN, is a realistic and physics-rich simulated environment that hosts a large-scale set for articulated objects. Our SAPIEN enables various robotic vision and interaction tasks that require detailed part-level understanding.We evaluate state-of-the-art vision algorithms for part detection and motion attribute recognition as well as demonstrate robotic interaction tasks using heuristic approaches and reinforcement learning algorithms. We hope that our SAPIEN can open a lot of research directions yet to be explored, including learning cognition through interaction, part motion discovery, and construction of robotics-ready simulated game environment. 
### 84.Evaluating Salient Object Detection in Natural Images with Multiple Objects having Multi-level Saliency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08514.pdf)
>  Salient object detection is evaluated using binary ground truth with the labels being salient object class and background. In this paper, we corroborate based on three subjective experiments on a novel image dataset that objects in natural images are inherently perceived to have varying levels of importance. Our dataset, named SalMoN (saliency in multi-object natural images), has 588 images containing multiple objects. The subjective experiments performed record spontaneous attention and perception through eye fixation duration, point clicking and rectangle drawing. As object saliency in a multi-object image is inherently multi-level, we propose that salient object detection must be evaluated for the capability to detect all multi-level salient objects apart from the salient object class detection capability. For this purpose, we generate multi-level maps as ground truth corresponding to all the dataset images using the results of the subjective experiments, with the labels being multi-level salient objects and background. We then propose the use of mean absolute error, Kendall's rank correlation and average area under precision-recall curve to evaluate existing salient object detection methods on our multi-level saliency ground truth dataset. Approaches that represent saliency detection on images as local-global hierarchical processing of a graph perform well in our dataset. 
### 85.A Metric Learning Reality Check  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08505.pdf)
>  Deep metric learning papers from the past four years have consistently claimed great advances in accuracy, often more than doubling the performance of decade-old methods. In this paper, we take a closer look at the field to see if this is actually true. We find flaws in the experimental setup of these papers, and propose a new way to evaluate metric learning algorithms. Finally, we present experimental results that show that the improvements over time have been marginal at best. 
### 86.Reconstructing Sinus Anatomy from Endoscopic Video -- Towards a Radiation-free Approach for Quantitative Longitudinal Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08502.pdf)
>  Reconstructing accurate 3D surface models of sinus anatomy directly from an endoscopic video is a promising avenue for cross-sectional and longitudinal analysis to better understand the relationship between sinus anatomy and surgical outcomes. We present a patient-specific, learning-based method for 3D reconstruction of sinus surface anatomy directly and only from endoscopic videos. We demonstrate the effectiveness and accuracy of our method on in and ex vivo data where we compare to sparse reconstructions from Structure from Motion, dense reconstruction from COLMAP, and ground truth anatomy from CT. Our textured reconstructions are watertight and enable measurement of clinically relevant parameters in good agreement with CT. The source code will be made publicly available upon publication. 
### 87.Gaze-Sensing LEDs for Head Mounted Displays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08499.pdf)
>  We introduce a new gaze tracker for Head Mounted Displays (HMDs). We modify two off-the-shelf HMDs to be gaze-aware using Light Emitting Diodes (LEDs). Our key contribution is to exploit the sensing capability of LEDs to create low-power gaze tracker for virtual reality (VR) applications. This yields a simple approach using minimal hardware to achieve good accuracy and low latency using light-weight supervised Gaussian Process Regression (GPR) running on a mobile device. With our hardware, we show that Minkowski distance measure based GPR implementation outperforms the commonly used radial basis function-based support vector regression (SVR) without the need to precisely determine free parameters. We show that our gaze estimation method does not require complex dimension reduction techniques, feature extraction, or distortion corrections due to off-axis optical paths. We demonstrate two complete HMD prototypes with a sample eye-tracked application, and report on a series of subjective tests using our prototypes. 
### 88.Self-Supervised Contextual Bandits in Computer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08485.pdf)
>  Contextual bandits are a common problem faced by machine learning practitioners in domains as diverse as hypothesis testing to product recommendations. There have been a lot of approaches in exploiting rich data representations for contextual bandit problems with varying degree of success. Self-supervised learning is a promising approach to find rich data representations without explicit labels. In a typical self-supervised learning scheme, the primary task is defined by the problem objective (e.g. clustering, classification, embedding generation etc.) and the secondary task is defined by the self-supervision objective (e.g. rotation prediction, words in neighborhood, colorization, etc.). In the usual self-supervision, we learn implicit labels from the training data for a secondary task. However, in the contextual bandit setting, we don't have the advantage of getting implicit labels due to lack of data in the initial phase of learning. We provide a novel approach to tackle this issue by combining a contextual bandit objective with a self supervision objective. By augmenting contextual bandit learning with self-supervision we get a better cumulative reward. Our results on eight popular computer vision datasets show substantial gains in cumulative reward. We provide cases where the proposed scheme doesn't perform optimally and give alternative methods for better learning in these cases. 
### 89.Visual link retrieval and knowledge discovery in painting datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08476.pdf)
>  Visual arts have invaluable importance for the cultural, historic and economic growth of our societies. One of the building blocks of most analysis in visual arts is to find similarities among paintings of different artists and painting schools. To help art historians better understand visual arts, the present paper presents a framework for visual link retrieval and knowledge discovery in digital painting datasets. The proposed framework is based on a deep convolutional neural network to perform feature extraction and on a fully unsupervised nearest neighbor approach to retrieve visual links among digitized paintings. The fully unsupervised strategy makes attractive the proposed method especially in those cases where metadata are either scarce or unavailable or difficult to collect. In addition, the proposed framework includes a graph analysis that makes it possible to study influences among artists, thus providing historical knowledge discovery. 
### 90.Semi-supervised few-shot learning for medical image segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08462.pdf)
>  Recent years have witnessed the great progress of deep neural networks on semantic segmentation, particularly in medical imaging. Nevertheless, training high-performing models require large amounts of pixel-level ground truth masks, which can be prohibitive to obtain in the medical domain. Furthermore, training such models in a low-data regime highly increases the risk of overfitting. Recent attempts to alleviate the need for large annotated datasets have developed training strategies under the few-shot learning paradigm, which addresses this shortcoming by learning a novel class from only a few labeled examples. In this context, a segmentation model is trained on episodes, which represent different segmentation problems, each of them trained with a very small labeled dataset. In this work, we propose a novel few-shot learning framework for semantic segmentation, where unlabeled images are also made available at each episode. To handle this new learning paradigm, we propose to include surrogate tasks that can leverage very powerful supervisory signals --derived from the data itself-- for semantic feature learning. We show that including unlabeled surrogate tasks in the episodic training leads to more powerful feature representations, which ultimately results in better generability to unseen tasks. We demonstrate the efficiency of our method in the task of skin lesion segmentation in two publicly available datasets. Furthermore, our approach is general and model-agnostic, which can be combined with different deep architectures. 
### 91.Detecting Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma in Multi-phase CT Scans via Alignment Ensemble  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08441.pdf)
>  Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is one of the most lethal cancers among population. Screening for PDACs in dynamic contrast-enhanced CT is beneficial for early diagnose. In this paper, we investigate the problem of automated detecting PDACs in multi-phase (arterial and venous) CT scans. Multiple phases provide more information than single phase, but they are unaligned and inhomogeneous in texture, making it difficult to combine cross-phase information seamlessly. We study multiple phase alignment strategies, i.e., early alignment (image registration), late alignment (high-level feature registration) and slow alignment (multi-level feature registration), and suggest an ensemble of all these alignments as a promising way to boost the performance of PDAC detection. We provide an extensive empirical evaluation on two PDAC datasets and show that the proposed alignment ensemble significantly outperforms previous state-of-the-art approaches, illustrating strong potential for clinical use. 
### 92.Synthesize then Compare: Detecting Failures and Anomalies for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08440.pdf)
>  The ability to detect failures and anomalies are fundamental requirements for building reliable systems for computer vision applications, especially safety-critical applications of semantic segmentation, such as autonomous driving and medical image analysis. In this paper, we systematically study failure and anomaly detection for semantic segmentation and propose a unified framework, consisting of two modules, to address these two related problems. The first module is an image synthesis module, which generates a synthesized image from a segmentation layout map, and the second is a comparison module, which computes the difference between the synthesized image and the input image. We validate our framework on three challenging datasets and improve the state-of-the-arts by large margins, i.e., 6% AUPR-Error on Cityscapes, 10% DSC correlation on pancreatic tumor segmentation in MSD and 20% AUPR on StreetHazards anomaly segmentation. 
### 93.Collaborative Distillation for Ultra-Resolution Universal Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08436.pdf)
>  Universal style transfer methods typically leverage rich representations from deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) models (e.g., VGG-19) pre-trained on large collections of images. Despite the effectiveness, its application is heavily constrained by the large model size to handle ultra-resolution images given limited memory. In this work, we present a new knowledge distillation method (named Collaborative Distillation) for encoder-decoder based neural style transfer to reduce the convolutional filters. The main idea is underpinned by a finding that the encoder-decoder pairs construct an exclusive collaborative relationship, which is regarded as a new kind of knowledge for style transfer models. Moreover, to overcome the feature size mismatch when applying collaborative distillation, a linear embedding loss is introduced to drive the student network to learn a linear embedding of the teacher's features. Extensive experiments show the effectiveness of our method when applied to different universal style transfer approaches (WCT and AdaIN), even if the model size is reduced by 15.5 times. Especially, on WCT with the compressed models, we achieve ultra-resolution (over 40 megapixels) universal style transfer on a 12GB GPU for the first time. Further experiments on optimization-based stylization scheme show the generality of our algorithm on different stylization paradigms. Our code and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mingsun-tse/collaborative-distillation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 94.STEm-Seg: Spatio-temporal Embeddings for Instance Segmentation in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08429.pdf)
>  Existing methods for instance segmentation in videos typically involve multi-stage pipelines that follow the tracking-by-detection paradigm and model a video clip as a sequence of images. Multiple networks are used to detect objects in individual frames, and then associate these detections over time. Hence, these methods are often non-end-to-end trainable and highly tailored to specific tasks. In this paper, we propose a different approach that is well-suited to a variety of tasks involving instance segmentation in videos. In particular, we model a video clip as a single 3D spatio-temporal volume, and propose a novel approach that segments and tracks instances across space and time in a single stage. Our problem formulation is centered around the idea of spatio-temporal embeddings which are trained to cluster pixels belonging to a specific object instance over an entire video clip. To this end, we introduce (i) novel mixing functions that enhance the feature representation of spatio-temporal embeddings, and (ii) a single-stage, proposal-free network that can reason about temporal context. Our network is trained end-to-end to learn spatio-temporal embeddings as well as parameters required to cluster these embeddings, thus simplifying inference. Our method achieves state-of-the-art results across multiple datasets and tasks. 
### 95.Volumetric parcellation of the right ventricle for regional geometric and functional assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08423.pdf)
>  In clinical practice, assessment of right ventricle (RV) is primarily done through its global volume, given it is a standardised measurement, and has a good reproducibility in 3D modalities such as MRI and 3D echocardiography. However, many illness produce regionalchanges and therefore a local analysis could provide a better tool for understanding and diagnosis of illnesses. Current regional clinical measurements are 2D linear dimensions, and suffer of low reproducibility due to the difficulty to identify landmarks in the RV, specially in echocardiographic images due to its noise and artefacts. We proposed an automatic method for parcellating the RV cavity and compute regional volumes and ejection fractions in three regions: apex, inlet and outflow. We tested the reproducibility in 3D echocardiographic images. We also present a synthetic mesh-deformation method to generate a groundtruth dataset for validating the ability of the method to capture different types of remodelling. Results showed an acceptable intra-observer reproduciblity (&lt;10%) but a higher inter-observer(&gt;10%). The synthetic dataset allowed to identify that the method was capable of assessing global dilatations, and local dilatations in the circumferential direction but not longitudinal elongations 
### 96.Oral-3D: Reconstructing the 3D Bone Structure of Oral Cavity from 2D Panoramic X-ray  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08413.pdf)
>  Panoramic X-ray and Cone Beam Computed Tomography (CBCT) are two of the most general imaging methods in digital dentistry. While CBCT can provide higher-dimension information, the panoramic X-ray has the advantages of lower radiation dose and cost. Consequently, generating 3D information of bony tissues from the X-ray that can reflect dental diseases is of great interest. This technique can be even more helpful for developing areas where the CBCT is not always available due to the lack of screening machines or high screening cost. In this paper, we present \textit{Oral-3D} to reconstruct the bone structure of oral cavity from a single panoramic X-ray image by taking advantage of some prior knowledge in oral structure, which conventionally can only be obtained by a 3D imaging method like CBCT. Specifically, we first train a generative network to back project the 2D X-ray image into 3D space, then restore the bone structure by registering the generated 3D image with the prior shape of the dental arch. To be noted, \textit{Oral-3D} can restore both the density of bony tissues and the curved mandible surface. Experimental results show that our framework can reconstruct the 3D structure with significantly high quality. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that explores 3D reconstruction from a 2D image in dental health. 
### 97.A Content Transformation Block For Image Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08407.pdf)
>  Style transfer has recently received a lot of attention, since it allows to study fundamental challenges in image understanding and synthesis. Recent work has significantly improved the representation of color and texture and computational speed and image resolution. The explicit transformation of image content has, however, been mostly neglected: while artistic style affects formal characteristics of an image, such as color, shape or texture, it also deforms, adds or removes content details. This paper explicitly focuses on a content-and style-aware stylization of a content image. Therefore, we introduce a content transformation module between the encoder and decoder. Moreover, we utilize similar content appearing in photographs and style samples to learn how style alters content details and we generalize this to other class details. Additionally, this work presents a novel normalization layer critical for high resolution image synthesis. The robustness and speed of our model enables a video stylization in real-time and high definition. We perform extensive qualitative and quantitative evaluations to demonstrate the validity of our approach. 
### 98.Adversarial Texture Optimization from RGB-D Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08400.pdf)
>  Realistic color texture generation is an important step in RGB-D surface reconstruction, but remains challenging in practice due to inaccuracies in reconstructed geometry, misaligned camera poses, and view-dependent imaging artifacts. <br>In this work, we present a novel approach for color texture generation using a conditional adversarial loss obtained from weakly-supervised views. <br>Specifically, we propose an approach to produce photorealistic textures for approximate surfaces, even from misaligned images, by learning an objective function that is robust to these errors. <br>The key idea of our approach is to learn a patch-based conditional discriminator which guides the texture optimization to be tolerant to misalignments. <br>Our discriminator takes a synthesized view and a real image, and evaluates whether the synthesized one is realistic, under a broadened definition of realism. <br>We train the discriminator by providing as `real' examples pairs of input views and their misaligned versions -- so that the learned adversarial loss will tolerate errors from the scans. <br>Experiments on synthetic and real data under quantitative or qualitative evaluation demonstrate the advantage of our approach in comparison to state of the art. Our code is publicly available with video demonstration. 
### 99.Overinterpretation reveals image classification model pathologies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08907.pdf)
>  Image classifiers are typically scored on their test set accuracy, but high accuracy can mask a subtle type of model failure. We find that high scoring convolutional neural networks (CNN) exhibit troubling pathologies that allow them to display high accuracy even in the absence of semantically salient features. When a model provides a high-confidence decision without salient supporting input features we say that the classifier has overinterpreted its input, finding too much class-evidence in patterns that appear nonsensical to humans. Here, we demonstrate that state of the art neural networks for CIFAR-10 and ImageNet suffer from overinterpretation, and find CIFAR-10 trained models make confident predictions even when 95% of an input image has been masked and humans are unable to discern salient features in the remaining pixel subset. Although these patterns portend potential model fragility in real-world deployment, they are in fact valid statistical patterns of the image classification benchmark that alone suffice to attain high test accuracy. We find that ensembling strategies can help mitigate model overinterpretation, and classifiers which rely on more semantically meaningful features can improve accuracy over both the test set and out-of-distribution images from a different source than the training data. 
### 100.Brain tumor segmentation with missing modalities via latent multi-source correlation representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08870.pdf)
>  Multimodal MR images can provide complementary information for accurate brain tumor segmentation. However, it's common to have missing imaging modalities in clinical practice. Since it exists a strong correlation between multi modalities, a novel correlation representation block is proposed to specially discover the latent multi-source correlation. Thanks to the obtained correlation representation, the segmentation becomes more robust in the case of missing modality. The model parameter estimation module first maps the individual representation produced by each encoder to obtain independent parameters, then, under these parameters, correlation expression module transforms all the individual representations to form a latent multi-source correlation representation. Finally, the correlation representations across modalities are fused via attention mechanism into a shared representation to emphasize the most important features for segmentation. We evaluate our model on BraTS 2018 datasets, it outperforms the current state-of-the-art method and produces robust results when one or more modalities are missing. 
### 101.DRST: Deep Residual Shearlet Transform for Densely Sampled Light Field Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08865.pdf)
>  The Image-Based Rendering (IBR) approach using Shearlet Transform (ST) is one of the most effective methods for Densely-Sampled Light Field (DSLF) reconstruction. The ST-based DSLF reconstruction typically relies on an iterative thresholding algorithm for Epipolar-Plane Image (EPI) sparse regularization in shearlet domain, involving dozens of transformations between image domain and shearlet domain, which are in general time-consuming. To overcome this limitation, a novel learning-based ST approach, referred to as Deep Residual Shearlet Transform (DRST), is proposed in this paper. Specifically, for an input sparsely-sampled EPI, DRST employs a deep fully Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) to predict the residuals of the shearlet coefficients in shearlet domain in order to reconstruct a densely-sampled EPI in image domain. The DRST network is trained on synthetic Sparsely-Sampled Light Field (SSLF) data only by leveraging elaborately-designed masks. Experimental results on three challenging real-world light field evaluation datasets with varying moderate disparity ranges (8 - 16 pixels) demonstrate the superiority of the proposed learning-based DRST approach over the non-learning-based ST method for DSLF reconstruction. Moreover, DRST provides a 2.4x speedup over ST, at least. 
### 102.Goal-Conditioned End-to-End Visuomotor Control for Versatile Skill Primitives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08854.pdf)
>  Visuomotor control (VMC) is an effective means of achieving basic manipulation tasks such as pushing or pick-and-place from raw images. Conditioning VMC on desired goal states is a promising way of achieving versatile skill primitives. However, common conditioning schemes either rely on task-specific fine tuning (e.g. using meta-learning) or on sampling approaches using a forward model of scene dynamics i.e. model-predictive control, leaving deployability and planning horizon severely limited. In this paper we propose a conditioning scheme which avoids these pitfalls by learning the controller and its conditioning in an end-to-end manner. Our model predicts complex action sequences based directly on a dynamic image representation of the robot motion and the distance to a given target observation. In contrast to related works, this enables our approach to efficiently perform complex pushing and pick-and-place tasks from raw image observations without predefined control primitives. We report significant improvements in task success over a representative model-predictive controller and also demonstrate our model's generalisation capabilities in challenging, unseen tasks handling unfamiliar objects. 
### 103.Addressing the Memory Bottleneck in AI Model Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08732.pdf)
>  Using medical imaging as case-study, we demonstrate how Intel-optimized TensorFlow on an x86-based server equipped with 2nd Generation Intel Xeon Scalable Processors with large system memory allows for the training of memory-intensive AI/deep-learning models in a scale-up server configuration. We believe our work represents the first training of a deep neural network having large memory footprint (~ 1 TB) on a single-node server. We recommend this configuration to scientists and researchers who wish to develop large, state-of-the-art AI models but are currently limited by memory. 
### 104.RADIOGAN: Deep Convolutional Conditional Generative adversarial Network To Generate PET Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08663.pdf)
>  One of the most challenges in medical imaging is the lack of data. It is proven that classical data augmentation methods are useful but still limited due to the huge variation in images. Using generative adversarial networks (GAN) is a promising way to address this problem, however, it is challenging to train one model to generate different classes of lesions. In this paper, we propose a deep convolutional conditional generative adversarial network to generate MIP positron emission tomography image (PET) which is a 2D image that represents a 3D volume for fast interpretation, according to different lesions or non lesion (normal). The advantage of our proposed method consists of one model that is capable of generating different classes of lesions trained on a small sample size for each class of lesion, and showing a very promising results. In addition, we show that a walk through a latent space can be used as a tool to evaluate the images generated. 
### 105.Backdooring and Poisoning Neural Networks with Image-Scaling Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08633.pdf)
>  Backdoors and poisoning attacks are a major threat to the security of machine-learning and vision systems. Often, however, these attacks leave visible artifacts in the images that can be visually detected and weaken the efficacy of the attacks. In this paper, we propose a novel strategy for hiding backdoor and poisoning attacks. Our approach builds on a recent class of attacks against image scaling. These attacks enable manipulating images such that they change their content when scaled to a specific resolution. By combining poisoning and image-scaling attacks, we can conceal the trigger of backdoors as well as hide the overlays of clean-label poisoning. Furthermore, we consider the detection of image-scaling attacks and derive an adaptive attack. In an empirical evaluation, we demonstrate the effectiveness of our strategy. First, we show that backdoors and poisoning work equally well when combined with image-scaling attacks. Second, we demonstrate that current detection defenses against image-scaling attacks are insufficient to uncover our manipulations. Overall, our work provides a novel means for hiding traces of manipulations, being applicable to different poisoning approaches. 
### 106.HyNNA: Improved Performance for Neuromorphic Vision Sensor based Surveillance using Hybrid Neural Network Architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08603.pdf)
>  Applications in the Internet of Video Things (IoVT) domain have very tight constraints with respect to power and area. While neuromorphic vision sensors (NVS) may offer advantages over traditional imagers in this domain, the existing NVS systems either do not meet the power constraints or have not demonstrated end-to-end system performance. To address this, we improve on a recently proposed hybrid event-frame approach by using morphological image processing algorithms for region proposal and address the low-power requirement for object detection and classification by exploring various convolutional neural network (CNN) architectures. Specifically, we compare the results obtained from our object detection framework against the state-of-the-art low-power NVS surveillance system and show an improved accuracy of 82.16% from 63.1%. Moreover, we show that using multiple bits does not improve accuracy, and thus, system designers can save power and area by using only single bit event polarity information. In addition, we explore the CNN architecture space for object classification and show useful insights to trade-off accuracy for lower power using lesser memory and arithmetic operations. 
### 107.Ensemble learning in CNN augmented with fully connected subnetworks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08562.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have shown remarkable performance in general object recognition tasks. In this paper, we propose a new model called EnsNet which is composed of one base CNN and multiple Fully Connected SubNetworks (FCSNs). In this model, the set of feature-maps generated by the last convolutional layer in the base CNN is divided along channels into disjoint subsets, and these subsets are assigned to the FCSNs. Each of the FCSNs is trained independent of others so that it can predict the class label from the subset of the feature-maps as signed to it. The output of the overall model is determined by majority vote of the base CNN and the FCSNs. Experimental results using the MNIST, Fashion-MNIST and CIFAR-10 datasets show that the proposed approach further improves the performance of CNNs. In particular, an EnsNet achieves a state-of-the-art error rate of 0.16% on MNIST. 
### 108.Lifelong Learning with Searchable Extension Units  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08559.pdf)
>  Lifelong learning remains an open problem. One of its main difficulties is catastrophic forgetting. Many dynamic expansion approaches have been proposed to address this problem, but they all use homogeneous models of predefined structure for all tasks. The common original model and expansion structures ignore the requirement of different model structures on different tasks, which leads to a less compact model for multiple tasks and causes the model size to increase rapidly as the number of tasks increases. Moreover, they can not perform best on all tasks. To solve those problems, in this paper, we propose a new lifelong learning framework named Searchable Extension Units (SEU) by introducing Neural Architecture Search into lifelong learning, which breaks down the need for a predefined original model and searches for specific extension units for different tasks, without compromising the performance of the model on different tasks. Our approach can obtain a much more compact model without catastrophic forgetting. The experimental results on the PMNIST, the split CIFAR10 dataset, the split CIFAR100 dataset, and the Mixture dataset empirically prove that our method can achieve higher accuracy with much smaller model, whose size is about 25-33 percentage of that of the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 109.Extremal Region Analysis based Deep Learning Framework for Detecting Defects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08525.pdf)
>  A maximally stable extreme region (MSER) analysis based convolutional neural network (CNN) for unified defect detection framework is proposed in this paper. Our proposed framework utilizes the generality and stability of MSER to generate the desired defect candidates. Then a specific trained binary CNN classifier is adopted over the defect candidates to produce the final defect set. Defect datasets over different categories \blue{are used} in the experiments. More generally, the parameter settings in MSER can be adjusted to satisfy different requirements in various industries (high precision, high recall, etc). Extensive experimental results have shown the efficacy of the proposed framework. 
### 110.Efficiently Calibrating Cable-Driven Surgical Robots With RGBD Sensing, Temporal Windowing, and Linear and Recurrent Neural Network Compensation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08520.pdf)
>  Automation of surgical subtasks using cable-driven robotic surgical assistants (RSAs) such as Intuitive Surgical's da Vinci Research Kit (dVRK) is challenging due to imprecision in control from cable-related effects such as backlash, stretch, and hysteresis. We propose a novel approach to efficiently calibrate a dVRK by placing a 3D printed fiducial coordinate frame on the arm and end-effector that is tracked using RGBD sensing. To measure the coupling effects between joints and history-dependent effects, we analyze data from sampled trajectories and consider 13 modeling approaches using LSTM recurrent neural networks and linear models with varying temporal window length to provide corrective feedback. With the proposed method, data collection takes 31 minutes to produce 1800 samples and model training takes less than a minute. Results suggest that the resulting model can reduce the mean tracking error of the physical robot from 2.96mm to 0.65mm on a test set of reference trajectories. We evaluate the model by executing open-loop trajectories of the FLS peg transfer surgeon training task. Results suggest that the best approach increases success rate from 39.4% to 96.7% comparable to the performance of an expert surgical resident. Supplementary material, including 3D-printable models, is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/berkeley.edu/surgical-calibration" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 111.MINT: Deep Network Compression via Mutual Information-based Neuron Trimming  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08472.pdf)
>  Most approaches to deep neural network compression via pruning either evaluate a filter's importance using its weights or optimize an alternative objective function with sparsity constraints. While these methods offer a useful way to approximate contributions from similar filters, they often either ignore the dependency between layers or solve a more difficult optimization objective than standard cross-entropy. Our method, Mutual Information-based Neuron Trimming (MINT), approaches deep compression via pruning by enforcing sparsity based on the strength of the relationship between filters of adjacent layers, across every pair of layers. The relationship is calculated using conditional geometric mutual information which evaluates the amount of similar information exchanged between the filters using a graph-based criterion. When pruning a network, we ensure that retained filters contribute the majority of the information towards succeeding layers which ensures high performance. Our novel approach outperforms existing state-of-the-art compression-via-pruning methods on the standard benchmarks for this task: MNIST, CIFAR-10, and ILSVRC2012, across a variety of network architectures. In addition, we discuss our observations of a common denominator between our pruning methodology's response to adversarial attacks and calibration statistics when compared to the original network. 
### 112.Two Tier Prediction of Stroke Using Artificial Neural Networks and Support Vector Machines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.08354.pdf)
>  Cerebrovascular accident (CVA) or stroke is the rapid loss of brain function due to disturbance in the blood supply to the brain. Statistically, stroke is the second leading cause of death. This has motivated us to suggest a two-tier system for predicting stroke; the first tier makes use of Artificial Neural Network (ANN) to predict the chances of a person suffering from stroke. The ANN is trained the using the values of various risk factors of stroke of several patients who had stroke. Once a person is classified as having a high risk of stroke, s/he undergoes another the tier-2 classification test where his/her neuro MRI (Magnetic resonance imaging) is analysed to predict the chances of stroke. The tier-2 uses Non-negative Matrix Factorization and Haralick Textural features for feature extraction and SVM classifier for classification. We have obtained an accuracy of 96.67% in tier-1 and an accuracy of 70% in tier-2. 
### 113.Fusion-Aware Point Convolution for Online Semantic 3D Scene Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06233.pdf)
>  Online semantic 3D segmentation in company with real-time RGB-D reconstruction poses special challenges such as how to perform 3D convolution directly over the progressively fused 3D geometric data, and how to smartly fuse information from frame to frame. We propose a novel fusion-aware 3D point convolution which operates directly on the geometric surface being reconstructed and exploits effectively the inter-frame correlation for high quality 3D feature learning. This is enabled by a dedicated dynamic data structure which organizes the online acquired point cloud with global-local trees. Globally, we compile the online reconstructed 3D points into an incrementally growing coordinate interval tree, enabling fast point insertion and neighborhood query. Locally, we maintain the neighborhood information for each point using an octree whose construction benefits from the fast query of the global tree.Both levels of trees update dynamically and help the 3D convolution effectively exploits the temporal coherence for effective information fusion across RGB-D frames. 
