# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 18 Mar 2020
### 1.Axial-DeepLab: Stand-Alone Axial-Attention for Panoptic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07853.pdf)
>  Convolution exploits locality for efficiency at a cost of missing long range context. Self-attention has been adopted to augment CNNs with non-local interactions. Recent works prove it possible to stack self-attention layers to obtain a fully attentional network by restricting the attention to a local region. In this paper, we attempt to remove this constraint by factorizing 2D self-attention into two 1D self-attentions. This reduces computation complexity and allows performing attention within a larger or even global region. In companion, we also propose a position-sensitive self-attention design. Combining both yields our position-sensitive axial-attention layer, a novel building block that one could stack to form axial-attention models for image classification and dense prediction. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our model on four large-scale datasets. In particular, our model outperforms all existing stand-alone self-attention models on ImageNet. Our Axial-DeepLab improves 2.8% PQ over bottom-up state-of-the-art on COCO test-dev. This previous state-of-the-art is attained by our small variant that is 3.8x parameter-efficient and 27x computation-efficient. Axial-DeepLab also achieves state-of-the-art results on Mapillary Vistas and Cityscapes. 
### 2.Blur, Noise, and Compression Robust Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07849.pdf)
>  Recently, generative adversarial networks (GANs), which learn data distributions through adversarial training, have gained special attention owing to their high image reproduction ability. However, one limitation of standard GANs is that they recreate training images faithfully despite image degradation characteristics such as blur, noise, and compression. To remedy this, we address the problem of blur, noise, and compression robust image generation. Our objective is to learn a non-degraded image generator directly from degraded images without prior knowledge of image degradation. The recently proposed noise robust GAN (NR-GAN) already provides a solution to the problem of noise degradation. Therefore, we first focus on blur and compression degradations. We propose blur robust GAN (BR-GAN) and compression robust GAN (CR-GAN), which learn a kernel generator and quality factor generator, respectively, with non-degraded image generators. Owing to the irreversible blur and compression characteristics, adjusting their strengths is non-trivial. Therefore, we incorporate switching architectures that can adapt the strengths in a data-driven manner. Based on BR-GAN, NR-GAN, and CR-GAN, we further propose blur, noise, and compression robust GAN (BNCR-GAN), which unifies these three models into a single model with additionally introduced adaptive consistency losses that suppress the uncertainty caused by the combination. We provide benchmark scores through large-scale comparative studies on CIFAR-10 and a generality analysis on FFHQ dataset. 
### 3.Learning to Structure an Image with Few Colors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07848.pdf)
>  Color and structure are the two pillars that construct an image. Usually, the structure is well expressed through a rich spectrum of colors, allowing objects in an image to be recognized by neural networks. However, under extreme limitations of color space, the structure tends to vanish, and thus a neural network might fail to understand the image. Interested in exploring this interplay between color and structure, we study the scientific problem of identifying and preserving the most informative image structures while constraining the color space to just a few bits, such that the resulting image can be recognized with possibly high accuracy. To this end, we propose a color quantization network, ColorCNN, which learns to structure the images from the classification loss in an end-to-end manner. Given a color space size, ColorCNN quantizes colors in the original image by generating a color index map and an RGB color palette. Then, this color-quantized image is fed to a pre-trained task network to evaluate its performance. In our experiment, with only a 1-bit color space (i.e., two colors), the proposed network achieves 82.1% top-1 accuracy on the CIFAR10 dataset, outperforming traditional color quantization methods by a large margin. For applications, when encoded with PNG, the proposed color quantization shows superiority over other image compression methods in the extremely low bit-rate regime. The code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hou-yz/color_distillation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 4.Joint 3D Tracking and Forecasting with Graph Neural Network and Diversity Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07847.pdf)
>  3D multi-object tracking (MOT) and trajectory forecasting are two critical components in modern 3D perception systems that require accurate modeling of multi-agent interaction. We hypothesize that it is beneficial to unify both tasks under one framework in order to learn a shared feature representation of agent interaction. To evaluate this hypothesis, we propose a unified solution for 3D MOT and trajectory forecasting which also incorporates two additional novel computational units. First, we propose a feature interaction technique by introducing Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) to capture the way in which multiple agents interact with one another. The GNN is able to model complex hierarchical interactions, improve the discriminative feature learning for MOT association, and provide socially-aware context for trajectory forecasting. Second, we use a diversity sampling function to improve the quality and diversity of our forecasted trajectories. The learned sampling function is trained to efficiently extract a variety of outcomes from a generative trajectory distribution and helps avoid the problem of generating many duplicate trajectory samples. We evaluate on the KITTI and nuScenes datasets, showing that our unified method with feature interaction and diversity sampling achieves new state-of-the-art performance on both 3D MOT and trajectory forecasting. Our code will be made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xinshuoweng/GNNTrkForecast" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 5.Latent Embedding Feedback and Discriminative Features for Zero-Shot Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07833.pdf)
>  Zero-shot learning strives to classify unseen categories for which no data is available during training. In the generalized variant, the test samples can further belong to seen or unseen categories. The state-of-the-art relies on Generative Adversarial Networks that synthesize unseen class features by leveraging class-specific semantic embeddings. During training, they generate semantically consistent features, but discard this constraint during feature synthesis and classification. We propose to enforce semantic consistency at all stages of (generalized) zero-shot learning: training, feature synthesis and classification. We further introduce a feedback loop, from a semantic embedding decoder, that iteratively refines the generated features during both the training and feature synthesis stages. The synthesized features together with their corresponding latent embeddings from the decoder are transformed into discriminative features and utilized during classification to reduce ambiguities among categories. Experiments on (generalized) zero-shot learning for object and action classification reveal the benefit of semantic consistency and iterative feedback for GAN-based networks, outperforming existing methods on six zero-shot learning benchmarks. 
### 6.Burst Denoising of Dark Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07823.pdf)
>  Capturing images under extremely low-light conditions poses significant challenges for the standard camera pipeline. Images become too dark and too noisy, which makes traditional image enhancement techniques almost impossible to apply. Very recently, researchers have shown promising results using learning based approaches. Motivated by these ideas, in this paper, we propose a deep learning framework for obtaining clean and colorful RGB images from extremely dark raw images. The backbone of our framework is a novel coarse-to-fine network architecture that generates high-quality outputs in a progressive manner. The coarse network predicts a low-resolution, denoised raw image, which is then fed to the fine network to recover fine-scale details and realistic textures. To further reduce noise and improve color accuracy, we extend this network to a permutation invariant structure so that it takes a burst of low-light images as input and merges information from multiple images at the feature-level. Our experiments demonstrate that the proposed approach leads to perceptually more pleasing results than state-of-the-art methods by producing much sharper and higher quality images. 
### 7.Hyperplane Arrangements of Trained ConvNets Are Biased  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07797.pdf)
>  We investigate the geometric properties of the functions learned by trained ConvNets in the preactivation space of their convolutional layers, by performing an empirical study of hyperplane arrangements induced by a convolutional layer. We introduce statistics over the weights of a trained network to study local arrangements and relate them to the training dynamics. We observe that trained ConvNets show a significant statistical bias towards regular hyperplane configurations. Furthermore, we find that layers showing biased configurations are critical to validation performance for the architectures considered, trained on CIFAR10, CIFAR100 and ImageNet. 
### 8.Hierarchical Models: Intrinsic Separability in High Dimensions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07770.pdf)
>  It has long been noticed that high dimension data exhibits strange patterns. This has been variously interpreted as either a "blessing" or a "curse", causing uncomfortable inconsistencies in the literature. We propose that these patterns arise from an intrinsically hierarchical generative process. Modeling the process creates a web of constraints that reconcile many different theories and results. The model also implies high dimensional data posses an innate separability that can be exploited for machine learning. We demonstrate how this permits the open-set learning problem to be defined mathematically, leading to qualitative and quantitative improvements in performance. 
### 9.Multi-modal Dense Video Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07758.pdf)
>  Dense video captioning is a task of localizing interesting events from an untrimmed video and producing textual description (captions) for each localized event. Most of the previous works in dense video captioning are solely based on visual information and completely ignore the audio track. However, audio, and speech, in particular, are vital cues for a human observer in understanding an environment. In this paper, we present a new dense video captioning approach that is able to utilize any number of modalities for event description. Specifically, we show how audio and speech modalities may improve a dense video captioning model. We apply automatic speech recognition (ASR) system to obtain a temporally aligned textual description of the speech (similar to subtitles) and treat it as a separate input alongside video frames and the corresponding audio track. We formulate the captioning task as a machine translation problem and utilize recently proposed Transformer architecture to convert multi-modal input data into textual descriptions. We demonstrate the performance of our model on ActivityNet Captions dataset. The ablation studies indicate a considerable contribution from audio and speech components suggesting that these modalities contain substantial complementary information to video frames. Furthermore, we provide an in-depth analysis of the ActivityNet Caption results by leveraging the category tags obtained from original YouTube videos. The program code of our method and evaluations will be made publicly available. 
### 10.Geometric Approaches to Increase the Expressivity of Deep Neural Networks for MR Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07740.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning approaches have been extensively investigated to reconstruct images from accelerated magnetic resonance image (MRI) acquisition. Although these approaches provide significant performance gain compared to compressed sensing MRI (CS-MRI), it is not clear how to choose a suitable network architecture to balance the trade-off between network complexity and performance. Recently, it was shown that an encoder-decoder convolutional neural network (CNN) can be interpreted as a piecewise linear basis-like representation, whose specific representation is determined by the ReLU activation patterns for a given input image. Thus, the expressivity or the representation power is determined by the number of piecewise linear regions. As an extension of this geometric understanding, this paper proposes a systematic geometric approach using bootstrapping and subnetwork aggregation using an attention module to increase the expressivity of the underlying neural network. Our method can be implemented in both k-space domain and image domain that can be trained in an end-to-end manner. Experimental results show that the proposed schemes significantly improve reconstruction performance with negligible complexity increases. 
### 11.A Novel Online Action Detection Framework from Untrimmed Video Streams  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07734.pdf)
>  Online temporal action localization from an untrimmed video stream is a challenging problem in computer vision. It is challenging because of i) in an untrimmed video stream, more than one action instance may appear, including background scenes, and ii) in online settings, only past and current information is available. Therefore, temporal priors, such as the average action duration of training data, which have been exploited by previous action detection methods, are not suitable for this task because of the high intra-class variation in human actions. We propose a novel online action detection framework that considers actions as a set of temporally ordered subclasses and leverages a future frame generation network to cope with the limited information issue associated with the problem outlined above. Additionally, we augment our data by varying the lengths of videos to allow the proposed method to learn about the high intra-class variation in human actions. We evaluate our method using two benchmark datasets, THUMOS'14 and ActivityNet, for an online temporal action localization scenario and demonstrate that the performance is comparable to state-of-the-art methods that have been proposed for offline settings. 
### 12.Learning Meta Face Recognition in Unseen Domains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07733.pdf)
>  Face recognition systems are usually faced with unseen domains in real-world applications and show unsatisfactory performance due to their poor generalization. For example, a well-trained model on webface data cannot deal with the ID vs. Spot task in surveillance scenario. In this paper, we aim to learn a generalized model that can directly handle new unseen domains without any model updating. To this end, we propose a novel face recognition method via meta-learning named Meta Face Recognition (MFR). MFR synthesizes the source/target domain shift with a meta-optimization objective, which requires the model to learn effective representations not only on synthesized source domains but also on synthesized target domains. Specifically, we build domain-shift batches through a domain-level sampling strategy and get back-propagated gradients/meta-gradients on synthesized source/target domains by optimizing multi-domain distributions. The gradients and meta-gradients are further combined to update the model to improve generalization. Besides, we propose two benchmarks for generalized face recognition evaluation. Experiments on our benchmarks validate the generalization of our method compared to several baselines and other state-of-the-arts. The proposed benchmarks will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cleardusk/MFR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 13.Multimodal Shape Completion via Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07717.pdf)
>  Several deep learning methods have been proposed for completing partial data from shape acquisition setups, i.e., filling the regions that were missing in the shape. These methods, however, only complete the partial shape with a single output, ignoring the ambiguity when reasoning the missing geometry. Hence, we pose a multi-modal shape completion problem, in which we seek to complete the partial shape with multiple outputs by learning a one-to-many mapping. We develop the first multimodal shape completion method that completes the partial shape via conditional generative modeling, without requiring paired training data. Our approach distills the ambiguity by conditioning the completion on a learned multimodal distribution of possible results. We extensively evaluate the approach on several datasets that contain varying forms of shape incompleteness, and compare among several baseline methods and variants of our methods qualitatively and quantitatively, demonstrating the merit of our method in completing partial shapes with both diversity and quality. 
### 14.$F$, $B$, Alpha Matting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07711.pdf)
>  Cutting out an object and estimating its opacity mask, known as image matting, is a key task in many image editing applications. Deep learning approaches have made significant progress by adapting the encoder-decoder architecture of segmentation networks. However, most of the existing networks only predict the alpha matte and post-processing methods must then be used to recover the original foreground and background colours in the transparent regions. Recently, two methods have shown improved results by also estimating the foreground colours, but at a significant computational and memory cost. <br>In this paper, we propose a low-cost modification to alpha matting networks to also predict the foreground and background colours. We study variations of the training regime and explore a wide range of existing and novel loss functions for the joint prediction. <br>Our method achieves the state of the art performance on the Adobe Composition-1k dataset for alpha matte and composite colour quality. It is also the current best performing method on the <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://alphamatting.com" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> online evaluation. 
### 15.Parameter-Free Style Projection for Arbitrary Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07694.pdf)
>  Arbitrary image style transfer is a challenging task which aims to stylize a content image conditioned on an arbitrary style image. In this task the content-style feature transformation is a critical component for a proper fusion of features. Existing feature transformation algorithms often suffer from unstable learning, loss of content and style details, and non-natural stroke patterns. To mitigate these issues, this paper proposes a parameter-free algorithm, Style Projection, for fast yet effective content-style transformation. To leverage the proposed Style Projection~component, this paper further presents a real-time feed-forward model for arbitrary style transfer, including a regularization for matching the content semantics between inputs and outputs. Extensive experiments have demonstrated the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed method in terms of qualitative analysis, quantitative evaluation, and user study. 
### 16.Weakly-Supervised Salient Object Detection via Scribble Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07685.pdf)
>  Compared with laborious pixel-wise dense labeling, it is much easier to label data by scribbles, which only costs 1$\sim$2 seconds to label one image. However, using scribble labels to learn salient object detection has not been explored. In this paper, we propose a weakly-supervised salient object detection model to learn saliency from such annotations. In doing so, we first relabel an existing large-scale salient object detection dataset with scribbles, namely S-DUTS dataset. Since object structure and detail information is not identified by scribbles, directly training with scribble labels will lead to saliency maps of poor boundary localization. To mitigate this problem, we propose an auxiliary edge detection task to localize object edges explicitly, and a gated structure-aware loss to place constraints on the scope of structure to be recovered. Moreover, we design a scribble boosting scheme to iteratively consolidate our scribble annotations, which are then employed as supervision to learn high-quality saliency maps. As existing saliency evaluation metrics neglect to measure structure alignment of the predictions, the saliency map ranking metric may not comply with human perception. We present a new metric, termed saliency structure measure, to measure the structure alignment of the predicted saliency maps, which is more consistent with human perception. Extensive experiments on six benchmark datasets demonstrate that our method not only outperforms existing weakly-supervised/unsupervised methods, but also is on par with several fully-supervised state-of-the-art models. Our code and data is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JingZhang617/Scribble_Saliency" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 17.M$^5$L: Multi-Modal Multi-Margin Metric Learning for RGBT Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07650.pdf)
>  Classifying the confusing samples in the course of RGBT tracking is a quite challenging problem, which hasn't got satisfied solution. Existing methods only focus on enlarging the boundary between positive and negative samples, however, the structured information of samples might be harmed, e.g., confusing positive samples are closer to the anchor than normal positive <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://samples.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> handle this problem, we propose a novel Multi-Modal Multi-Margin Metric Learning framework, named M$^5$L for RGBT tracking in this paper. In particular, we design a multi-margin structured loss to distinguish the confusing samples which play a most critical role in tracking performance boosting. To alleviate this problem, we additionally enlarge the boundaries between confusing positive samples and normal ones, between confusing negative samples and normal ones with predefined margins, by exploiting the structured information of all samples in each modality.Moreover, a cross-modality constraint is employed to reduce the difference between modalities and push positive samples closer to the anchor than negative ones from two <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://modalities.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> addition, to achieve quality-aware RGB and thermal feature fusion, we introduce the modality attentions and learn them using a feature fusion module in our network. Extensive experiments on large-scale datasets testify that our framework clearly improves the tracking performance and outperforms the state-of-the-art RGBT trackers. 
### 18.EventSR: From Asynchronous Events to Image Reconstruction, Restoration, and Super-Resolution via End-to-End Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07640.pdf)
>  Event cameras sense intensity changes and have many advantages over conventional cameras. To take advantage of event cameras, some methods have been proposed to reconstruct intensity images from event streams. However, the outputs are still in low resolution (LR), noisy, and unrealistic. The low-quality outputs stem broader applications of event cameras, where high spatial resolution (HR) is needed as well as high temporal resolution, dynamic range, and no motion blur. We consider the problem of reconstructing and super-resolving intensity images from LR events, when no ground truth (GT) HR images and down-sampling kernels are available. To tackle the challenges, we propose a novel end-to-end pipeline that reconstructs LR images from event streams, enhances the image qualities and upsamples the enhanced images, called EventSR. For the absence of real GT images, our method is primarily unsupervised, deploying adversarial learning. To train EventSR, we create an open dataset including both real-world and simulated scenes. The use of both datasets boosts up the network performance, and the network architectures and various loss functions in each phase help improve the image qualities. The whole pipeline is trained in three phases. While each phase is mainly for one of the three tasks, the networks in earlier phases are fine-tuned by respective loss functions in an end-to-end manner. Experimental results show that EventSR reconstructs high-quality SR images from events for both simulated and real-world data. 
### 19.Motion-Excited Sampler: Video Adversarial Attack with Sparked Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07637.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are known to be susceptible to adversarial noise, which are tiny and imperceptible perturbations. Most of previous work on adversarial attack mainly focus on image models, while the vulnerability of video models is less explored. In this paper, we aim to attack video models by utilizing intrinsic movement pattern and regional relative motion among video frames. We propose an effective motion-excited sampler to obtain motion-aware noise prior, which we term as sparked prior. Our sparked prior underlines frame correlations and utilizes video dynamics via relative motion. By using the sparked prior in gradient estimation, we can successfully attack a variety of video classification models with fewer number of queries. Extensive experimental results on four benchmark datasets validate the efficacy of our proposed method. 
### 20.Anomaly Detection in Video Data Based on Probabilistic Latent Space Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07623.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a method for detecting anomalies in video data. A Variational Autoencoder (VAE) is used for reducing the dimensionality of video frames, generating latent space information that is comparable to low-dimensional sensory data (e.g., positioning, steering angle), making feasible the development of a consistent multi-modal architecture for autonomous vehicles. An Adapted Markov Jump Particle Filter defined by discrete and continuous inference levels is employed to predict the following frames and detecting anomalies in new video sequences. Our method is evaluated on different video scenarios where a semi-autonomous vehicle performs a set of tasks in a closed environment. 
### 21.Unsupervised Learning of Category-Specific Symmetric 3D Keypoints from Point Sets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07619.pdf)
>  Automatic discovery of category-specific 3D keypoints from a collection of objects of some category is a challenging problem. One reason is that not all objects in a category necessarily have the same semantic parts. The level of difficulty adds up further when objects are represented by 3D point clouds, with variations in shape and unknown coordinate frames. We define keypoints to be category-specific, if they meaningfully represent objects' shape and their correspondences can be simply established order-wise across all objects. This paper aims at learning category-specific 3D keypoints, in an unsupervised manner, using a collection of misaligned 3D point clouds of objects from an unknown category. In order to do so, we model shapes defined by the keypoints, within a category, using the symmetric linear basis shapes without assuming the plane of symmetry to be known. The usage of symmetry prior leads us to learn stable keypoints suitable for higher misalignments. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work on learning such keypoints directly from 3D point clouds. Using categories from four benchmark datasets, we demonstrate the quality of our learned keypoints by quantitative and qualitative evaluations. Our experiments also show that the keypoints discovered by our method are geometrically and semantically consistent. 
### 22.Building Computationally Efficient and Well-Generalizing Person Re-Identification Models with Metric Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07618.pdf)
>  This work considers the problem of domain shift in person re-identification.Being trained on one dataset, a re-identification model usually performs much worse on unseen data. Partially this gap is caused by the relatively small scale of person re-identification datasets (compared to face recognition ones, for instance), but it is also related to training objectives. We propose to use the metric learning objective, namely AM-Softmax loss, and some additional training practices to build well-generalizing, yet, computationally efficient models. We use recently proposed Omni-Scale Network (OSNet) architecture combined with several training tricks and architecture adjustments to obtain state-of-the art results in cross-domain generalization problem on a large-scale MSMT17 dataset in three setups: MSMT17-all-&gt;DukeMTMC, MSMT17-train-&gt;Market1501 and MSMT17-all-&gt;Market1501. 
### 23.Rectified Meta-Learning from Noisy Labels for Robust Image-based Plant Disease Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07603.pdf)
>  Plant diseases serve as one of main threats to food security and crop production. It is thus valuable to exploit recent advances of artificial intelligence to assist plant disease diagnosis. One popular approach is to transform this problem as a leaf image classification task, which can be then addressed by the powerful convolutional neural networks (CNNs). However, the performance of CNN-based classification approach depends on a large amount of high-quality manually labeled training data, which are inevitably introduced noise on labels in practice, leading to model overfitting and performance degradation. To overcome this problem, we propose a novel framework that incorporates rectified meta-learning module into common CNN paradigm to train a noise-robust deep network without using extra supervision information. The proposed method enjoys the following merits: i) A rectified meta-learning is designed to pay more attention to unbiased samples, leading to accelerated convergence and improved classification accuracy. ii) Our method is free on assumption of label noise distribution, which works well on various kinds of noise. iii) Our method serves as a plug-and-play module, which can be embedded into any deep models optimized by gradient descent based method. Extensive experiments are conducted to demonstrate the superior performance of our algorithm over the state-of-the-arts. 
### 24.SiamSNN: Spike-based Siamese Network for Energy-Efficient and Real-time Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07584.pdf)
>  Although deep neural networks (DNNs) have achieved fantastic success in various scenarios, it's difficult to employ DNNs on many systems with limited resources due to their high energy consumption. It's well known that spiking neural networks (SNNs) are attracting more attention due to the capability of energy-efficient computing. Recently many works focus on converting DNNs into SNNs with little accuracy degradation in image classification on MNIST, CIFAR-10/100. However, few studies on shortening latency, and spike-based modules of more challenging tasks on complex datasets. In this paper, we focus on the similarity matching method of deep spike features and present a first spike-based Siamese network for object tracking called SiamSNN. Specifically, we propose a hybrid spiking similarity matching method with membrane potential and time step to evaluate the response map between exemplar and candidate images, with the same function as correlation layer in SiamFC. Then we present a coding scheme for utilizing temporal information of spike trains, and implement it in output spiking layers to improve the performance and shorten the latency. Our experiments show that SiamSNN achieves short latency and low precision loss of the original SiamFC on the tracking datasets OTB-2013, OTB-2015 and VOT2016. Moreover, SiamSNN achieves real-time (50 FPS) and extremely low energy consumption on TrueNorth. 
### 25.Weakly-Supervised 3D Human Pose Learning via Multi-view Images in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07581.pdf)
>  One major challenge for monocular 3D human pose estimation in-the-wild is the acquisition of training data that contains unconstrained images annotated with accurate 3D poses. In this paper, we address this challenge by proposing a weakly-supervised approach that does not require 3D annotations and learns to estimate 3D poses from unlabeled multi-view data, which can be acquired easily in in-the-wild environments. We propose a novel end-to-end learning framework that enables weakly-supervised training using multi-view consistency. Since multi-view consistency is prone to degenerated solutions, we adopt a 2.5D pose representation and propose a novel objective function that can only be minimized when the predictions of the trained model are consistent and plausible across all camera views. We evaluate our proposed approach on two large scale datasets (Human3.6M and MPII-INF-3DHP) where it achieves state-of-the-art performance among semi-/weakly-supervised methods. 
### 26.Heat and Blur: An Effective and Fast Defense Against Adversarial Examples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07573.pdf)
>  The growing incorporation of artificial neural networks (NNs) into many fields, and especially into life-critical systems, is restrained by their vulnerability to adversarial examples (AEs). Some existing defense methods can increase NNs' robustness, but they often require special architecture or training procedures and are irrelevant to already trained models. In this paper, we propose a simple defense that combines feature visualization with input modification, and can, therefore, be applicable to various pre-trained networks. By reviewing several interpretability methods, we gain new insights regarding the influence of AEs on NNs' computation. Based on that, we hypothesize that information about the "true" object is preserved within the NN's activity, even when the input is adversarial, and present a feature visualization version that can extract that information in the form of relevance heatmaps. We then use these heatmaps as a basis for our defense, in which the adversarial effects are corrupted by massive blurring. We also provide a new evaluation metric that can capture the effects of both attacks and defenses more thoroughly and descriptively, and demonstrate the effectiveness of the defense and the utility of the suggested evaluation measurement with VGG19 results on the ImageNet dataset. 
### 27.Feedback Graph Convolutional Network for Skeleton-based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07564.pdf)
>  Skeleton-based action recognition has attracted considerable attention in computer vision since skeleton data is more robust to the dynamic circumstance and complicated background than other modalities. Recently, many researchers have used the Graph Convolutional Network (GCN) to model spatial-temporal features of skeleton sequences by an end-to-end optimization. However, conventional GCNs are feedforward networks which are impossible for low-level layers to access semantic information in the high-level layers. In this paper, we propose a novel network, named Feedback Graph Convolutional Network (FGCN). This is the first work that introduces the feedback mechanism into GCNs and action recognition. Compared with conventional GCNs, FGCN has the following advantages: (1) a multi-stage temporal sampling strategy is designed to extract spatial-temporal features for action recognition in a coarse-to-fine progressive process; (2) A dense connections based Feedback Graph Convolutional Block (FGCB) is proposed to introduce feedback connections into the GCNs. It transmits the high-level semantic features to the low-level layers and flows temporal information stage by stage to progressively model global spatial-temporal features for action recognition; (3) The FGCN model provides early predictions. In the early stages, the model receives partial information about actions. Naturally, its predictions are relatively coarse. The coarse predictions are treated as the prior to guide the feature learning of later stages for a accurate prediction. Extensive experiments on the datasets, NTU-RGB+D, NTU-RGB+D120 and Northwestern-UCLA, demonstrate that the proposed FGCN is effective for action recognition. It achieves the state-of-the-art performance on the three datasets. 
### 28.Neural Mesh Refiner for 6-DoF Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07561.pdf)
>  How can we effectively utilise the 2D monocular image information for recovering the 6D pose (6-DoF) of the visual objects? Deep learning has shown to be effective for robust and real-time monocular pose estimation. Oftentimes, the network learns to regress the 6-DoF pose using a naive loss function. However, due to a lack of geometrical scene understanding from the directly regressed pose estimation, there are misalignments between the rendered mesh from the 3D object and the 2D instance segmentation result, e.g., bounding boxes and masks prediction. This paper bridges the gap between 2D mask generation and 3D location prediction via a differentiable neural mesh renderer. We utilise the overlay between the accurate mask prediction and less accurate mesh prediction to iteratively optimise the direct regressed 6D pose information with a focus on translation estimation. By leveraging geometry, we demonstrate that our technique significantly improves direct regression performance on the difficult task of translation estimation and achieve the state of the art results on Peking University/Baidu - Autonomous Driving dataset and the ApolloScape 3D Car Instance dataset. The code can be found at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://bit.ly/2IRihfU" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
### 29.GFTE: Graph-based Financial Table Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07560.pdf)
>  Tabular data is a crucial form of information expression, which can organize data in a standard structure for easy information retrieval and comparison. However, in financial industry and many other fields tables are often disclosed in unstructured digital files, e.g. Portable Document Format (PDF) and images, which are difficult to be extracted directly. In this paper, to facilitate deep learning based table extraction from unstructured digital files, we publish a standard Chinese dataset named FinTab, which contains more than 1,600 financial tables of diverse kinds and their corresponding structure representation in JSON. In addition, we propose a novel graph-based convolutional neural network model named GFTE as a baseline for future comparison. GFTE integrates image feature, position feature and textual feature together for precise edge prediction and reaches overall good results. 
### 30.1st Place Solutions for OpenImage2019 -- Object Detection and Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07557.pdf)
>  This article introduces the solutions of the two champion teams, `MMfruit' for the detection track and `MMfruitSeg' for the segmentation track, in OpenImage Challenge 2019. It is commonly known that for an object detector, the shared feature at the end of the backbone is not appropriate for both classification and regression, which greatly limits the performance of both single stage detector and Faster RCNN \cite{ren2015faster} based detector. In this competition, we observe that even with a shared feature, different locations in one object has completely inconsistent performances for the two tasks. \textit{E.g. the features of salient locations are usually good for classification, while those around the object edge are good for regression.} Inspired by this, we propose the Decoupling Head (DH) to disentangle the object classification and regression via the self-learned optimal feature extraction, which leads to a great improvement. Furthermore, we adjust the soft-NMS algorithm to adj-NMS to obtain stable performance improvement. Finally, a well-designed ensemble strategy via voting the bounding box location and confidence is proposed. We will also introduce several training/inferencing strategies and a bag of tricks that give minor improvement. Given those masses of details, we train and aggregate 28 global models with various backbones, heads and 3+2 expert models, and achieves the 1st place on the OpenImage 2019 Object Detection Challenge on the both public and private leadboards. Given such good instance bounding box, we further design a simple instance-level semantic segmentation pipeline and achieve the 1st place on the segmentation challenge. 
### 31.KPNet: Towards Minimal Face Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07543.pdf)
>  The small receptive field and capacity of minimal neural networks limit their performance when using them to be the backbone of detectors. In this work, we find that the appearance feature of a generic face is discriminative enough for a tiny and shallow neural network to verify from the background. And the essential barriers behind us are 1) the vague definition of the face bounding box and 2) tricky design of anchor-boxes or receptive field. Unlike most top-down methods for joint face detection and alignment, the proposed KPNet detects small facial keypoints instead of the whole face by in a bottom-up manner. It first predicts the facial landmarks from a low-resolution image via the well-designed fine-grained scale approximation and scale adaptive soft-argmax operator. Finally, the precise face bounding boxes, no matter how we define it, can be inferred from the keypoints. Without any complex head architecture or meticulous network designing, the KPNet achieves state-of-the-art accuracy on generic face detection and alignment benchmarks with only $\sim1M$ parameters, which runs at 1000fps on GPU and is easy to perform real-time on most modern front-end chips. 
### 32.Revisiting the Sibling Head in Object Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07540.pdf)
>  The ``shared head for classification and localization'' (sibling head), firstly denominated in Fast RCNN~\cite{girshick2015fast}, has been leading the fashion of the object detection community in the past five years. This paper provides the observation that the spatial misalignment between the two object functions in the sibling head can considerably hurt the training process, but this misalignment can be resolved by a very simple operator called task-aware spatial disentanglement (TSD). Considering the classification and regression, TSD decouples them from the spatial dimension by generating two disentangled proposals for them, which are estimated by the shared proposal. This is inspired by the natural insight that for one instance, the features in some salient area may have rich information for classification while these around the boundary may be good at bounding box regression. Surprisingly, this simple design can boost all backbones and models on both MS COCO and Google OpenImage consistently by ~3% mAP. Further, we propose a progressive constraint to enlarge the performance margin between the disentangled and the shared proposals, and gain ~1% more mAP. We show the \algname{} breaks through the upper bound of nowadays single-model detector by a large margin (mAP 49.4 with ResNet-101, 51.2 with SENet154), and is the core model of our 1st place solution on the Google OpenImage Challenge 2019. 
### 33.Augmented Parallel-Pyramid Net for Attention Guided Pose-Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07516.pdf)
>  The target of human pose estimation is to determine body part or joint locations of each person from an image. This is a challenging problems with wide applications. To address this issue, this paper proposes an augmented parallel-pyramid net with attention partial module and differentiable auto-data augmentation. Technically, a parallel pyramid structure is proposed to compensate the loss of information. We take the design of parallel structure for reverse compensation. Meanwhile, the overall computational complexity does not increase. We further define an Attention Partial Module (APM) operator to extract weighted features from different scale feature maps generated by the parallel pyramid structure. Compared with refining through upsampling operator, APM can better capture the relationship between channels. At last, we proposed a differentiable auto data augmentation method to further improve estimation accuracy. We define a new pose search space where the sequences of data augmentations are formulated as a trainable and operational CNN component. Experiments corroborate the effectiveness of our proposed method. Notably, our method achieves the top-1 accuracy on the challenging COCO keypoint benchmark and the state-of-the-art results on the MPII datasets. 
### 34.Predictively Encoded Graph Convolutional Network for Noise-Robust Skeleton-based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07514.pdf)
>  In skeleton-based action recognition, graph convolutional networks (GCNs), which model human body skeletons using graphical components such as nodes and connections, have achieved remarkable performance recently. However, current state-of-the-art methods for skeleton-based action recognition usually work on the assumption that the completely observed skeletons will be provided. This may be problematic to apply this assumption in real scenarios since there is always a possibility that captured skeletons are incomplete or noisy. In this work, we propose a skeleton-based action recognition method which is robust to noise information of given skeleton features. The key insight of our approach is to train a model by maximizing the mutual information between normal and noisy skeletons using a predictive coding manner. We have conducted comprehensive experiments about skeleton-based action recognition with defected skeletons using NTU-RGB+D and Kinetics-Skeleton datasets. The experimental results demonstrate that our approach achieves outstanding performance when skeleton samples are noised compared with existing state-of-the-art methods. 
### 35.DEPARA: Deep Attribution Graph for Deep Knowledge Transferability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07496.pdf)
>  Exploring the intrinsic interconnections between the knowledge encoded in PRe-trained Deep Neural Networks (PR-DNNs) of heterogeneous tasks sheds light on their mutual transferability, and consequently enables knowledge transfer from one task to another so as to reduce the training effort of the latter. In this paper, we propose the DEeP Attribution gRAph (DEPARA) to investigate the transferability of knowledge learned from PR-DNNs. In DEPARA, nodes correspond to the inputs and are represented by their vectorized attribution maps with regards to the outputs of the PR-DNN. Edges denote the relatedness between inputs and are measured by the similarity of their features extracted from the PR-DNN. The knowledge transferability of two PR-DNNs is measured by the similarity of their corresponding DEPARAs. We apply DEPARA to two important yet under-studied problems in transfer learning: pre-trained model selection and layer selection. Extensive experiments are conducted to demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed method in solving both these problems. Code, data and models reproducing the results in this paper are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zju-vipa/DEPARA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
### 36.Deep Relational Reasoning Graph Network for Arbitrary Shape Text Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07493.pdf)
>  Arbitrary shape text detection is a challenging task due to the high variety and complexity of scenes texts. In this paper, we propose a novel unified relational reasoning graph network for arbitrary shape text detection. In our method, an innovative local graph bridges a text proposal model via Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and a deep relational reasoning network via Graph Convolutional Network (GCN), making our network end-to-end trainable. To be concrete, every text instance will be divided into a series of small rectangular components, and the geometry attributes (e.g., height, width, and orientation) of the small components will be estimated by our text proposal model. Given the geometry attributes, the local graph construction model can roughly establish linkages between different text components. For further reasoning and deducing the likelihood of linkages between the component and its neighbors, we adopt a graph-based network to perform deep relational reasoning on local graphs. Experiments on public available datasets demonstrate the state-of-the-art performance of our method. 
### 37.SlimConv: Reducing Channel Redundancy in Convolutional Neural Networks by Weights Flipping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07469.pdf)
>  The channel redundancy in feature maps of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) results in the large consumption of memories and computational resources. In this work, we design a novel Slim Convolution (SlimConv) module to boost the performance of CNNs by reducing channel redundancies. Our SlimConv consists of three main steps: Reconstruct, Transform and Fuse, through which the features are splitted and reorganized in a more efficient way, such that the learned weights can be compressed effectively. In particular, the core of our model is a weight flipping operation which can largely improve the feature diversities, contributing to the performance crucially. Our SlimConv is a plug-and-play architectural unit which can be used to replace convolutional layers in CNNs directly. We validate the effectiveness of SlimConv by conducting comprehensive experiments on ImageNet, MS COCO2014, Pascal VOC2012 segmentation, and Pascal VOC2007 detection datasets. The experiments show that SlimConv-equipped models can achieve better performances consistently, less consumption of memory and computation resources than non-equipped conterparts. For example, the ResNet-101 fitted with SlimConv achieves 77.84% top-1 classification accuracy with 4.87 GFLOPs and 27.96M parameters on ImageNet, which shows almost 0.5% better performance with about 3 GFLOPs and 38% parameters reduced. 
### 38.Object-Centric Image Generation from Layouts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07449.pdf)
>  Despite recent impressive results on single-object and single-domain image generation, the generation of complex scenes with multiple objects remains challenging. In this paper, we start with the idea that a model must be able to understand individual objects and relationships between objects in order to generate complex scenes well. Our layout-to-image-generation method, which we call Object-Centric Generative Adversarial Network (or OC-GAN), relies on a novel Scene-Graph Similarity Module (SGSM). The SGSM learns representations of the spatial relationships between objects in the scene, which lead to our model's improved layout-fidelity. We also propose changes to the conditioning mechanism of the generator that enhance its object instance-awareness. Apart from improving image quality, our contributions mitigate two failure modes in previous approaches: (1) spurious objects being generated without corresponding bounding boxes in the layout, and (2) overlapping bounding boxes in the layout leading to merged objects in images. Extensive quantitative evaluation and ablation studies demonstrate the impact of our contributions, with our model outperforming previous state-of-the-art approaches on both the COCO-Stuff and Visual Genome datasets. Finally, we address an important limitation of evaluation metrics used in previous works by introducing SceneFID -- an object-centric adaptation of the popular Fr{}chet Inception Distance metric, that is better suited for multi-object images. 
### 39.Real Time Detection of Small Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07442.pdf)
>  The existing real time object detection algorithm is based on the deep neural network of convolution need to perform multilevel convolution and pooling operations on the entire image to extract a deep semantic characteristic of the image. The detection models perform better for large objects. However, these models do not detect small objects with low resolution and noise, because the features of existing models do not fully represent the essential features of small objects after repeated convolution operations. We have introduced a novel real time detection algorithm which employs upsampling and skip connection to extract multiscale features at different convolution levels in a learning task resulting a remarkable performance in detecting small objects. The detection precision of the model is shown to be higher and faster than that of the state-of-the-art models. 
### 40.Pretraining Image Encoders without Reconstruction via Feature Prediction Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07441.pdf)
>  This work investigates three different loss functions for autoencoder-based pretraining of image encoders: The commonly used reconstruction loss, the more recently introduced perceptual similarity loss, and a feature prediction loss proposed here; the latter turning out to be the most efficient choice. Former work shows that predictions based on embeddings generated by image autoencoders can be improved by training with perceptual loss. So far the autoencoders trained with perceptual loss networks implemented an explicit comparison of the original and reconstructed images using the loss network. However, given such a loss network we show that there is no need for the timeconsuming task of decoding the entire image. Instead, we propose to decode the features of the loss network, hence the name "feature prediction loss". To evaluate this method we compare six different procedures for training image encoders based on pixel-wise, perceptual similarity, and feature prediction loss. The embedding-based prediction results show that encoders trained with feature prediction loss is as good or better than those trained with the other two losses. Additionally, the encoder is significantly faster to train using feature prediction loss in comparison to the other losses. The method implementation used in this work is available online: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/guspih/Perceptual-Autoencoders" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 41.SAR Tomography at the Limit: Building Height Reconstruction Using Only 3-5 TanDEM-X Bistatic Interferograms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07803.pdf)
>  Multi-baseline interferometric synthetic aperture radar (InSAR) techniques are effective approaches for retrieving the 3-D information of urban areas. In order to obtain a plausible reconstruction, it is necessary to use more than twenty interferograms. Hence, these methods are commonly not appropriate for large-scale 3-D urban mapping using TanDEM-X data where only a few acquisitions are available in average for each city. This work proposes a new SAR tomographic processing framework to work with those extremely small stacks, which integrates the non-local filtering into SAR tomography inversion. The applicability of the algorithm is demonstrated using a TanDEM-X multi-baseline stack with 5 bistatic interferograms over the whole city of Munich, Germany. Systematic comparison of our result with TanDEM-X raw digital elevation models (DEM) and airborne LiDAR data shows that the relative height accuracy of two third buildings is within two meters, which outperforms the TanDEM-X raw DEM. The promising performance of the proposed algorithm paved the first step towards high quality large-scale 3-D urban mapping. 
### 42.Virtual staining for mitosis detection in Breast Histopathology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07801.pdf)
>  We propose a virtual staining methodology based on Generative Adversarial Networks to map histopathology images of breast cancer tissue from H&amp;E stain to PHH3 and vice versa. We use the resulting synthetic images to build Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) for automatic detection of mitotic figures, a strong prognostic biomarker used in routine breast cancer diagnosis and grading. We propose several scenarios, in which CNN trained with synthetically generated histopathology images perform on par with or even better than the same baseline model trained with real images. We discuss the potential of this application to scale the number of training samples without the need for manual annotations. 
### 43.DistNet: Deep Tracking by displacement regression: application to bacteria growing in the Mother Machine  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07790.pdf)
>  The mother machine is a popular microfluidic device that allows long-term time-lapse imaging of thousands of cells in parallel by microscopy. It has become a valuable tool for single-cell level quantitative analysis and characterization of many cellular processes such as gene expression and regulation, mutagenesis or response to antibiotics. The automated and quantitative analysis of the massive amount of data generated by such experiments is now the limiting step. In particular the segmentation and tracking of bacteria cells imaged in phase-contrast microscopy---with error rates compatible with high-throughput data---is a challenging problem. <br>In this work, we describe a novel formulation of the multi-object tracking problem, in which tracking is performed by a regression of the bacteria's displacement, allowing simultaneous tracking of multiple bacteria, despite their growth and division over time. Our method performs jointly segmentation and tracking, leveraging sequential information to increase segmentation accuracy. <br>We introduce a Deep Neural Network architecture taking advantage of a self-attention mechanism which yields less than 0.005% tracking error rate and less than 0.03% segmentation error rate. We demonstrate superior performance and speed compared to state-of-the-art methods. <br>While this method is particularly well suited for mother machine microscopy data, its general joint tracking and segmentation formulation could be applied to many other problems with different geometries. 
### 44.A novel Deep Structure U-Net for Sea-Land Segmentation in Remote Sensing Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07784.pdf)
>  Sea-land segmentation is an important process for many key applications in remote sensing. Proper operative sea-land segmentation for remote sensing images remains a challenging issue due to complex and diverse transition between sea and lands. Although several Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have been developed for sea-land segmentation, the performance of these CNNs is far from the expected target. This paper presents a novel deep neural network structure for pixel-wise sea-land segmentation, a Residual Dense U-Net (RDU-Net), in complex and high-density remote sensing images. RDU-Net is a combination of both down-sampling and up-sampling paths to achieve satisfactory results. In each down- and up-sampling path, in addition to the convolution layers, several densely connected residual network blocks are proposed to systematically aggregate multi-scale contextual information. Each dense network block contains multilevel convolution layers, short-range connections and an identity mapping connection which facilitates features re-use in the network and makes full use of the hierarchical features from the original images. These proposed blocks have a certain number of connections that are designed with shorter distance backpropagation between the layers and can significantly improve segmentation results whilst minimizing computational costs. We have performed extensive experiments on two real datasets Google Earth and ISPRS and compare the proposed RDUNet against several variations of Dense Networks. The experimental results show that RDUNet outperforms the other state-of-the-art approaches on the sea-land segmentation tasks. 
### 45.CycleISP: Real Image Restoration via Improved Data Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07761.pdf)
>  The availability of large-scale datasets has helped unleash the true potential of deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs). However, for the single-image denoising problem, capturing a real dataset is an unacceptably expensive and cumbersome procedure. Consequently, image denoising algorithms are mostly developed and evaluated on synthetic data that is usually generated with a widespread assumption of additive white Gaussian noise (AWGN). While the CNNs achieve impressive results on these synthetic datasets, they do not perform well when applied on real camera images, as reported in recent benchmark datasets. This is mainly because the AWGN is not adequate for modeling the real camera noise which is signal-dependent and heavily transformed by the camera imaging pipeline. In this paper, we present a framework that models camera imaging pipeline in forward and reverse directions. It allows us to produce any number of realistic image pairs for denoising both in RAW and sRGB spaces. By training a new image denoising network on realistic synthetic data, we achieve the state-of-the-art performance on real camera benchmark datasets. The parameters in our model are ~5 times lesser than the previous best method for RAW denoising. Furthermore, we demonstrate that the proposed framework generalizes beyond image denoising problem e.g., for color matching in stereoscopic cinema. The source code and pre-trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/swz30/CycleISP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 46.Fabric Surface Characterization: Assessment of Deep Learning-based Texture Representations Using a Challenging Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07725.pdf)
>  Tactile sensing or fabric hand plays a critical role in an individual's decision to buy a certain fabric from the range of available fabrics for a desired application. Therefore, textile and clothing manufacturers have long been in search of an objective method for assessing fabric hand, which can then be used to engineer fabrics with a desired hand. Recognizing textures and materials in real-world images has played an important role in object recognition and scene understanding. In this paper, we explore how to computationally characterize apparent or latent properties (e.g., surface smoothness) of materials, i.e., computational material surface characterization, which moves a step further beyond material recognition. We formulate the problem as a very fine-grained texture classification problem, and study how deep learning-based texture representation techniques can help tackle the task. We introduce a new, large-scale challenging microscopic material surface dataset (CoMMonS), geared towards an automated fabric quality assessment mechanism in an intelligent manufacturing system. We then conduct a comprehensive evaluation of state-of-the-art deep learning-based methods for texture classification using CoMMonS. Additionally, we propose a multi-level texture encoding and representation network (MuLTER), which simultaneously leverages low- and high-level features to maintain both texture details and spatial information in the texture representation. Our results show that, in comparison with the state-of-the-art deep texture descriptors, MuLTER yields higher accuracy not only on our CoMMonS dataset for material characterization, but also on established datasets such as MINC-2500 and GTOS-mobile for material recognition. 
### 47.Toward Interpretable Machine Learning: Transparent Deep Neural Networks and Beyond  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07631.pdf)
>  With the broader and highly successful usage of machine learning in industry and the sciences, there has been a growing demand for explainable AI. Interpretability and explanation methods for gaining a better understanding about the problem solving abilities and strategies of nonlinear Machine Learning such as Deep Learning (DL), LSTMs, and kernel methods are therefore receiving increased attention. In this work we aim to (1) provide a timely overview of this active emerging field and explain its theoretical foundations, (2) put interpretability algorithms to a test both from a theory and comparative evaluation perspective using extensive simulations, (3) outline best practice aspects i.e. how to best include interpretation methods into the standard usage of machine learning and (4) demonstrate successful usage of explainable AI in a representative selection of application scenarios. Finally, we discuss challenges and possible future directions of this exciting foundational field of machine learning. 
### 48.Construe: a software solution for the explanation-based interpretation of time series  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07596.pdf)
>  This paper presents a software implementation of a general framework for time series interpretation based on abductive reasoning. The software provides a data model and a set of algorithms to make inference to the best explanation of a time series, resulting in a description in multiple abstraction levels of the processes underlying the time series. As a proof of concept, a comprehensive knowledge base for the electrocardiogram (ECG) domain is provided, so it can be used directly as a tool for ECG analysis. This tool has been successfully validated in several noteworthy problems, such as heartbeat classification or atrial fibrillation detection. 
### 49.Cytology Image Analysis Techniques Towards Automation: Systematically Revisited  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07529.pdf)
>  Cytology is the branch of pathology which deals with the microscopic examination of cells for diagnosis of carcinoma or inflammatory conditions. Automation in cytology started in the early 1950s with the aim to reduce manual efforts in diagnosis of cancer. The inflush of intelligent technological units with high computational power and improved specimen collection techniques helped to achieve its technological heights. In the present survey, we focus on such image processing techniques which put steps forward towards the automation of cytology. We take a short tour to 17 types of cytology and explore various segmentation and/or classification techniques which evolved during last three decades boosting the concept of automation in cytology. It is observed, that most of the works are aligned towards three types of cytology: Cervical, Breast and Lung, which are discussed elaborately in this paper. The user-end systems developed during that period are summarized to comprehend the overall growth in the respective domains. To be precise, we discuss the diversity of the state-of-the-art methodologies, their challenges to provide prolific and competent future research directions inbringing the cytology-based commercial systems into the mainstream. 
### 50.Synthesis of Brain Tumor MR Images for Learning Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07526.pdf)
>  Medical image analysis using deep neural networks has been actively studied. Deep neural networks are trained by learning data. For accurate training of deep neural networks, the learning data should be sufficient, of good quality, and should have a generalized property. However, in medical images, it is difficult to acquire sufficient patient data because of the difficulty of patient recruitment, the burden of annotation of lesions by experts, and the invasion of patients' privacy. In comparison, the medical images of healthy volunteers can be easily acquired. Using healthy brain images, the proposed method synthesizes multi-contrast magnetic resonance images of brain tumors. Because tumors have complex features, the proposed method simplifies them into concentric circles that are easily controllable. Then it converts the concentric circles into various realistic shapes of tumors through deep neural networks. Because numerous healthy brain images are easily available, our method can synthesize a huge number of the brain tumor images with various concentric circles. We performed qualitative and quantitative analysis to assess the usefulness of augmented data from the proposed method. Intuitive and interesting experimental results are available online at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/KSH0660/BrainTumor" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 51.Cooperative Object Detection and Parameter Estimation Using Visible Light Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07525.pdf)
>  Visible light communication (VLC) systems are promising candidates for future indoor access and peer-to-peer networks. The performance of these systems, however, is vulnerable to the line of sight (LOS) link blockage due to objects inside the room. In this paper, we develop a probabilistic object detection method that takes advantage of the blockage status of the LOS links between the user devices and transceivers on the ceiling to locate those objects. The target objects are modeled as cylinders with random radii. The location and size of an object can be estimated by using a quadratic programming approach. Simulation results show that the root-mean-squared error can be less than $1$ cm and $8$ cm for estimating the center and the radius of the object, respectively. 
### 52.Fully reversible neural networks for large-scale surface and sub-surface characterization via remote sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07474.pdf)
>  The large spatial/frequency scale of hyperspectral and airborne magnetic and gravitational data causes memory issues when using convolutional neural networks for (sub-) surface characterization. Recently developed fully reversible networks can mostly avoid memory limitations by virtue of having a low and fixed memory requirement for storing network states, as opposed to the typical linear memory growth with depth. Fully reversible networks enable the training of deep neural networks that take in entire data volumes, and create semantic segmentations in one go. This approach avoids the need to work in small patches or map a data patch to the class of just the central pixel. The cross-entropy loss function requires small modifications to work in conjunction with a fully reversible network and learn from sparsely sampled labels without ever seeing fully labeled ground truth. We show examples from land-use change detection from hyperspectral time-lapse data, and regional aquifer mapping from airborne geophysical and geological data. 
### 53.Learnergy: Energy-based Machine Learners  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07443.pdf)
>  Throughout the last years, machine learning techniques have been broadly encouraged in the context of deep learning architectures. An interesting algorithm denoted as Restricted Boltzmann Machine relies on energy- and probabilistic-based nature to tackle with the most diverse applications, such as classification, reconstruction, and generation of images and signals. Nevertheless, one can see they are not adequately renowned when compared to other well-known deep learning techniques, e.g., Convolutional Neural Networks. Such behavior promotes the lack of researches and implementations around the literature, coping with the challenge of sufficiently comprehending these energy-based systems. Therefore, in this paper, we propose a Python-inspired framework in the context of energy-based architectures, denoted as Learnergy. Essentially, Learnergy is built upon PyTorch for providing a more friendly environment and a faster prototyping workspace, as well as, possibility the usage of CUDA computations, speeding up their computational time. 
### 54.Evaluation of Cross-View Matching to Improve Ground Vehicle Localization with Aerial Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06515.pdf)
>  Cross-view matching refers to the problem of finding the closest match to a given query ground-view image to one from a database of aerial images. If the aerial images are geotagged, then the closest matching aerial image can be used to localize the query ground-view image. Recently, due to the success of deep learning methods, a number of cross-view matching techniques have been proposed. These techniques perform well for the matching of isolated query images. In this paper, we evaluate cross-view matching for the task of localizing a ground vehicle over a longer trajectory. We use the cross-view matching module as a sensor measurement fused with a particle filter. We evaluate the performance of this method using a city-wide dataset collected in photorealistic simulation using five parameters: height of aerial images, the pitch of the aerial camera mount, field-of-view of ground camera, measurement model and resampling strategy for the particles in the particle filter. 
