# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 9 Mar 2020
### 1.A Survey on Deep Hashing Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03369.pdf)
>  Nearest neighbor search is to find the data points in the database such that the distances from them to the query are the smallest, which is a fundamental problem in various domains, such as computer vision, recommendation systems and machine learning. Hashing is one of the most widely used method for its computational and storage efficiency. With the development of deep learning, deep hashing methods show more advantages than traditional methods. In this paper, we present a comprehensive survey of the deep hashing algorithms. Based on the loss function, we categorize deep supervised hashing methods according to the manners of preserving the similarities into: pairwise similarity preserving, multiwise similarity preserving, implicit similarity preserving, as well as quantization. In addition, we also introduce some other topics such as deep unsupervised hashing and multi-modal deep hashing methods. Meanwhile, we also present some commonly used public datasets and the scheme to measure the performance of deep hashing algorithms. Finally, we discussed some potential research directions in the conclusion. 
### 2.Captioning Images with Novel Objects via Online Vocabulary Expansion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03305.pdf)
>  In this study, we introduce a low cost method for generating descriptions from images containing novel objects. Generally, constructing a model, which can explain images with novel objects, is costly because of the following: (1) collecting a large amount of data for each category, and (2) retraining the entire system. If humans see a small number of novel objects, they are able to estimate their properties by associating their appearance with known objects. Accordingly, we propose a method that can explain images with novel objects without retraining using the word embeddings of the objects estimated from only a small number of image features of the objects. The method can be integrated with general image-captioning models. The experimental results show the effectiveness of our approach. 
### 3.Heterogeneity Loss to Handle Intersubject and Intrasubject Variability in Cancer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03295.pdf)
>  Developing nations lack adequate number of hospitals with modern equipment and skilled doctors. Hence, a significant proportion of these nations' population, particularly in rural areas, is not able to avail specialized and timely healthcare facilities. In recent years, deep learning (DL) models, a class of artificial intelligence (AI) methods, have shown impressive results in medical domain. These AI methods can provide immense support to developing nations as affordable healthcare solutions. This work is focused on one such application of blood cancer diagnosis. However, there are some challenges to DL models in cancer research because of the unavailability of a large data for adequate training and the difficulty of capturing heterogeneity in data at different levels ranging from acquisition characteristics, session, to subject-level (within subjects and across subjects). These challenges render DL models prone to overfitting and hence, models lack generalization on prospective subjects' data. In this work, we address these problems in the application of B-cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (B-ALL) diagnosis using deep learning. We propose heterogeneity loss that captures subject-level heterogeneity, thereby, forcing the neural network to learn subject-independent features. We also propose an unorthodox ensemble strategy that helps us in providing improved classification over models trained on 7-folds giving a weighted-$F_1$ score of 95.26% on unseen (test) subjects' data that are, so far, the best results on the C-NMC 2019 dataset for B-ALL classification. 
### 4.Probability Weighted Compact Feature for Domain Adaptive Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03293.pdf)
>  Domain adaptive image retrieval includes single-domain retrieval and cross-domain retrieval. Most of the existing image retrieval methods only focus on single-domain retrieval, which assumes that the distributions of retrieval databases and queries are similar. However, in practical application, the discrepancies between retrieval databases often taken in ideal illumination/pose/background/camera conditions and queries usually obtained in uncontrolled conditions are very large. In this paper, considering the practical application, we focus on challenging cross-domain retrieval. To address the problem, we propose an effective method named Probability Weighted Compact Feature Learning (PWCF), which provides inter-domain correlation guidance to promote cross-domain retrieval accuracy and learns a series of compact binary codes to improve the retrieval speed. First, we derive our loss function through the Maximum A Posteriori Estimation (MAP): Bayesian Perspective (BP) induced focal-triplet loss, BP induced quantization loss and BP induced classification loss. Second, we propose a common manifold structure between domains to explore the potential correlation across domains. Considering the original feature representation is biased due to the inter-domain discrepancy, the manifold structure is difficult to be constructed. Therefore, we propose a new feature named Histogram Feature of Neighbors (HFON) from the sample statistics perspective. Extensive experiments on various benchmark databases validate that our method outperforms many state-of-the-art image retrieval methods for domain adaptive image retrieval. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fuxianghuang1/PWCF" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 5.A Hybrid Approach for Tracking Individual Players in Broadcast Match Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03271.pdf)
>  Tracking people in a video sequence is a challenging task that has been approached from many perspectives. This task becomes even more complicated when the person to track is a player in a broadcasted sport event, the reasons being the existence of difficulties such as frequent camera movements or switches, total and partial occlusions between players, and blurry frames due to the codification algorithm of the video. This paper introduces a player tracking solution which is both fast and accurate. This allows to track a player precisely in real-time. The approach combines several models that are executed concurrently in a relatively modest hardware, and whose accuracy has been validated against hand-labeled broadcast video sequences. Regarding the accuracy, the tests show that the area under curve (AUC) of our approach is around 0.6, which is similar to generic state of the art solutions. As for performance, our proposal can process high definition videos (1920x1080 px) at 80 fps. 
### 6.Spherical formulation of moving object geometric constraints for monocular fisheye cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03262.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a moving object detection algorithm for fisheye cameras used in autonomous driving. We reformulate the three commonly used constraints in rectilinear images (epipolar, positive depth and positive height constraints) to spherical coordinates which is invariant to specific camera configuration once the calibration is known. One of the main challenging use case in autonomous driving is to detect parallel moving objects which suffer from motion-parallax ambiguity. To alleviate this, we formulate an additional fourth constraint, called the anti-parallel constraint, which aids the detection of objects with motion that mirrors the ego-vehicle possible. We analyze the proposed algorithm in different scenarios and demonstrate that it works effectively operating directly on fisheye images. 
### 7.Traffic Signs Detection and Recognition System using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03256.pdf)
>  With the rapid development of technology, automobiles have become an essential asset in our day-to-day lives. One of the more important researches is Traffic Signs Recognition (TSR) systems. This paper describes an approach for efficiently detecting and recognizing traffic signs in real-time, taking into account the various weather, illumination and visibility challenges through the means of transfer learning. We tackle the traffic sign detection problem using the state-of-the-art of multi-object detection systems such as Faster Recurrent Convolutional Neural Networks (F-RCNN) and Single Shot Multi- Box Detector (SSD) combined with various feature extractors such as MobileNet v1 and Inception v2, and also Tiny-YOLOv2. However, the focus of this paper is going to be F-RCNN Inception v2 and Tiny YOLO v2 as they achieved the best results. The aforementioned models were fine-tuned on the German Traffic Signs Detection Benchmark (GTSDB) dataset. These models were tested on the host PC as well as Raspberry Pi 3 Model B+ and the TASS PreScan simulation. We will discuss the results of all the models in the conclusion section. 
### 8.Automated detection of pitting and stress corrosion cracks in used nuclear fuel dry storage canisters using residual neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03241.pdf)
>  Nondestructive evaluation methods play an important role in ensuring component integrity and safety in many industries. Operator fatigue can play a critical role in the reliability of such methods. This is important for inspecting high value assets or assets with a high consequence of failure, such as aerospace and nuclear components. Recent advances in convolution neural networks can support and automate these inspection efforts. This paper proposes using residual neural networks (ResNets) for real-time detection of pitting and stress corrosion cracking, with a focus on dry storage canisters housing used nuclear fuel. The proposed approach crops nuclear canister images into smaller tiles, trains a ResNet on these tiles, and classifies images as corroded or intact using the per-image count of tiles predicted as corroded by the ResNet. The results demonstrate that such a deep learning approach allows to detect the locus of corrosion cracks via smaller tiles, and at the same time to infer with high accuracy whether an image comes from a corroded canister. Thereby, the proposed approach holds promise to automate and speed up nuclear fuel canister inspections, to minimize inspection costs, and to partially replace human-conducted onsite inspections, thus reducing radiation doses to personnel. 
### 9.Diverse and Admissible Trajectory Forecasting through Multimodal Context Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03212.pdf)
>  Multi-agent trajectory forecasting in autonomous driving requires an agent to accurately anticipate the behaviors of the surrounding vehicles and pedestrians, for safe and reliable decision-making. Due to partial observability over the goals, contexts, and interactions of agents in these dynamical scenes, directly obtaining the posterior distribution over future agent trajectories remains a challenging problem. In realistic embodied environments, each agent's future trajectories should be diverse since multiple plausible sequences of actions can be used to reach its intended goals, and they should be admissible since they must obey physical constraints and stay in drivable areas. In this paper, we propose a model that fully synthesizes multiple input signals from the multimodal world|the environment's scene context and interactions between multiple surrounding agents|to best model all diverse and admissible trajectories. We offer new metrics to evaluate the diversity of trajectory predictions, while ensuring admissibility of each trajectory. Based on our new metrics as well as those used in prior work, we compare our model with strong baselines and ablations across two datasets and show a 35% performance-improvement over the state-of-the-art. 
### 10.Can We Read Speech Beyond the Lips? Rethinking RoI Selection for Deep Visual Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03206.pdf)
>  Recent advances in deep learning have heightened interest among researchers in the field of visual speech recognition (VSR). Currently, most existing methods equate VSR with automatic lip reading, which attempts to recognise speech by analysing lip motion. However, human experience and psychological studies suggest that we do not always fix our gaze at each other's lips during a face-to-face conversation, but rather scan the whole face repetitively. This inspires us to revisit a fundamental yet somehow overlooked problem: can VSR models benefit from reading extraoral facial regions, i.e. beyond the lips? In this paper, we perform a comprehensive study to evaluate the effects of different facial regions with state-of-the-art VSR models, including the mouth, the whole face, the upper face, and even the cheeks. Experiments are conducted on both word-level and sentence-level benchmarks with different characteristics. We find that despite the complex variations of the data, incorporating information from extraoral facial regions, even the upper face, consistently benefits VSR performance. Furthermore, we introduce a simple yet effective method based on Cutout to learn more discriminative features for face-based VSR, hoping to maximise the utility of information encoded in different facial regions. Our experiments show obvious improvements over existing state-of-the-art methods that use only the lip region as inputs, a result we believe would probably provide the VSR community with some new and exciting insights. 
### 11.A Neuro-AI Interface for Evaluating Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03193.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) are increasingly attracting attention in the computer vision, natural language processing, speech synthesis and similar domains. However, evaluating the performance of GANs is still an open and challenging problem. Existing evaluation metrics primarily measure the dissimilarity between real and generated images using automated statistical methods. They often require large sample sizes for evaluation and do not directly reflect human perception of image quality. In this work, we introduce an evaluation metric called Neuroscore, for evaluating the performance of GANs, that more directly reflects psychoperceptual image quality through the utilization of brain signals. Our results show that Neuroscore has superior performance to the current evaluation metrics in that: (1) It is more consistent with human judgment; (2) The evaluation process needs much smaller numbers of samples; and (3) It is able to rank the quality of images on a per GAN basis. A convolutional neural network (CNN) based neuro-AI interface is proposed to predict Neuroscore from GAN-generated images directly without the need for neural responses. Importantly, we show that including neural responses during the training phase of the network can significantly improve the prediction capability of the proposed model. Codes and data can be referred at this link: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/villawang/Neuro-AI-Interface" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 12.Generalizable semi-supervised learning method to estimate mass from sparsely annotated images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03192.pdf)
>  Mass flow estimation is of great importance to several industries, and it can be quite challenging to obtain accurate estimates due to limitation in expense or general infeasibility. In the context of agricultural applications, yield monitoring is a key component to precision agriculture and mass flow is the critical factor to measure. Measuring mass flow allows for field productivity analysis, cost minimization, and adjustments to machine efficiency. Methods such as volume or force-impact have been used to measure mass flow; however, these methods are limited in application and accuracy. In this work, we use deep learning to develop and test a vision system that can accurately estimate the mass of sugarcane while running in real-time on a sugarcane harvester during operation. The deep learning algorithm that is used to estimate mass flow is trained using very sparsely annotated images (semi-supervised) using only final load weights (aggregated weights over a certain period of time). The deep neural network (DNN) succeeds in capturing the mass of sugarcane accurately and surpasses older volumetric-based methods, despite highly varying lighting and material colors in the images. The deep neural network is initially trained to predict mass on laboratory data (bamboo) and then transfer learning is utilized to apply the same methods to estimate mass of sugarcane. Using a vision system with a relatively lightweight deep neural network we are able to estimate mass of bamboo with an average error of 4.5% and 5.9% for a select season of sugarcane. 
### 13.Noise Estimation Using Density Estimation for Self-Supervised Multimodal Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03186.pdf)
>  One of the key factors of enabling machine learning models to comprehend and solve real-world tasks is to leverage multimodal data. Unfortunately, annotation of multimodal data is challenging and expensive. Recently, self-supervised multimodal methods that combine vision and language were proposed to learn multimodal representations without annotation. However, these methods choose to ignore the presence of high levels of noise and thus yield sub-optimal results. In this work, we show that the problem of noise estimation for multimodal data can be reduced to a multimodal density estimation task. Using multimodal density estimation, we propose a noise estimation building block for multimodal representation learning that is based strictly on the inherent correlation between different modalities. We demonstrate how our noise estimation can be broadly integrated and achieves comparable results to state-of-the-art performance on five different benchmark datasets for two challenging multimodal tasks: Video Question Answering and Text-To-Video Retrieval. 
### 14.When Deep Learning Meets Data Alignment: A Review on Deep Registration Networks (DRNs)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03167.pdf)
>  Registration is the process that computes the transformation that aligns sets of data. Commonly, a registration process can be divided into four main steps: target selection, feature extraction, feature matching, and transform computation for the alignment. The accuracy of the result depends on multiple factors, the most significant are the quantity of input data, the presence of noise, outliers and occlusions, the quality of the extracted features, real-time requirements and the type of transformation, especially those ones defined by multiple parameters, like non-rigid deformations. <br>Recent advancements in machine learning could be a turning point in these issues, particularly with the development of deep learning (DL) techniques, which are helping to improve multiple computer vision problems through an abstract understanding of the input data. In this paper, a review of deep learning-based registration methods is presented. We classify the different papers proposing a framework extracted from the traditional registration pipeline to analyse the new learning-based proposal strengths. Deep Registration Networks (DRNs) try to solve the alignment task either replacing part of the traditional pipeline with a network or fully solving the registration problem. The main conclusions extracted are, on the one hand, 1) learning-based registration techniques cannot always be clearly classified in the traditional pipeline. 2) These approaches allow more complex inputs like conceptual models as well as the traditional 3D datasets. 3) In spite of the generality of learning, the current proposals are still ad hoc solutions. Finally, 4) this is a young topic that still requires a large effort to reach general solutions able to cope with the problems that affect traditional approaches. 
### 15.D3Feat: Joint Learning of Dense Detection and Description of 3D Local Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03164.pdf)
>  A successful point cloud registration often lies on robust establishment of sparse matches through discriminative 3D local features. Despite the fast evolution of learning-based 3D feature descriptors, little attention has been drawn to the learning of 3D feature detectors, even less for a joint learning of the two tasks. In this paper, we leverage a 3D fully convolutional network for 3D point clouds, and propose a novel and practical learning mechanism that densely predicts both a detection score and a description feature for each 3D point. In particular, we propose a keypoint selection strategy that overcomes the inherent density variations of 3D point clouds, and further propose a self-supervised detector loss guided by the on-the-fly feature matching results during training. Finally, our method achieves state-of-the-art results in both indoor and outdoor scenarios, evaluated on 3DMatch and KITTI datasets, and shows its strong generalization ability on the ETH dataset. Towards practical use, we show that by adopting a reliable feature detector, sampling a smaller number of features is sufficient to achieve accurate and fast point cloud alignment.[code release](<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/XuyangBai/D3Feat" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>) 
### 16.Demographic Bias in Presentation Attack Detection of Iris Recognition Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03151.pdf)
>  With the widespread use of biometric systems, the demographic bias problem raises more attention. Although many studies addressed bias issues in biometric verification, there is no works that analyse the bias in presentation attack detection (PAD) decisions. Hence, we investigate and analyze the demographic bias in iris PAD algorithms in this paper. To enable a clear discussion, we adapt the notions of differential performance and differential outcome to the PAD problem. We study the bias in iris PAD using three baselines (hand-crafted, transfer-learning, and training from scratch) using the the NDCLD-2013 database. The experimental results points out that female users will be significantly less protected by the PAD, in comparison to males. 
### 17.Bundle Adjustment on a Graph Processor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03134.pdf)
>  Graph processors such as Graphcore's Intelligence Processing Unit (IPU) are part of the major new wave of novel computer architecture for AI, and have a general design with massively parallel computation, distributed on-chip memory and very high inter-core communication bandwidth which allows breakthrough performance for message passing algorithms on arbitrary graphs. We show for the first time that the classical computer vision problem of bundle adjustment (BA) can be solved extremely fast on a graph processor using Gaussian Belief Propagation. Our simple but fully parallel implementation uses the 1216 cores on a single IPU chip to, for instance, solve a real BA problem with 125 keyframes and 1919 points in under 40ms, compared to 1450ms for the Ceres CPU library. Further code optimisation will surely increase this difference on static problems, but we argue that the real promise of graph processing is for flexible in-place optimisation of general, dynamically changing factor graphs representing Spatial AI problems. We give indications of this with experiments showing the ability of GBP to efficiently solve incremental SLAM problems, and deal with robust cost functions and different types of factors. 
### 18.Pixel-Level Self-Paced Learning for Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03113.pdf)
>  Recently, lots of deep networks are proposed to improve the quality of predicted super-resolution (SR) images, due to its widespread use in several image-based fields. However, with these networks being constructed deeper and deeper, they also cost much longer time for training, which may guide the learners to local optimization. To tackle this problem, this paper designs a training strategy named Pixel-level Self-Paced Learning (PSPL) to accelerate the convergence velocity of SISR models. PSPL imitating self-paced learning gives each pixel in the predicted SR image and its corresponding pixel in ground truth an attention weight, to guide the model to a better region in parameter space. Extensive experiments proved that PSPL could speed up the training of SISR models, and prompt several existing models to obtain new better results. Furthermore, the source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Elin24/PSPL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 19.Show, Edit and Tell: A Framework for Editing Image Captions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03107.pdf)
>  Most image captioning frameworks generate captions directly from images, learning a mapping from visual features to natural language. However, editing existing captions can be easier than generating new ones from scratch. Intuitively, when editing captions, a model is not required to learn information that is already present in the caption (i.e. sentence structure), enabling it to focus on fixing details (e.g. replacing repetitive words). This paper proposes a novel approach to image captioning based on iterative adaptive refinement of an existing caption. Specifically, our caption-editing model consisting of two sub-modules: (1) EditNet, a language module with an adaptive copy mechanism (Copy-LSTM) and a Selective Copy Memory Attention mechanism (SCMA), and (2) DCNet, an LSTM-based denoising auto-encoder. These components enable our model to directly copy from and modify existing captions. Experiments demonstrate that our new approach achieves state-of-art performance on the MS COCO dataset both with and without sequence-level training. 
### 20.CNN-based Repetitive self-revised learning for photos' aesthetics imbalanced classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03081.pdf)
>  Aesthetic assessment is subjective, and the distribution of the aesthetic levels is imbalanced. In order to realize the auto-assessment of photo aesthetics, we focus on using repetitive self-revised learning (RSRL) to train the CNN-based aesthetics classification network by imbalanced data set. As RSRL, the network is trained repetitively by dropping out the low likelihood photo samples at the middle levels of aesthetics from the training data set based on the previously trained network. Further, the retained two networks are used in extracting highlight regions of the photos related with the aesthetic assessment. Experimental results show that the CNN-based repetitive self-revised learning is effective for improving the performances of the imbalanced classification. 
### 21.GeoConv: Geodesic Guided Convolution for Facial Action Unit Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03055.pdf)
>  Automatic facial action unit (AU) recognition has attracted great attention but still remains a challenging task, as subtle changes of local facial muscles are difficult to thoroughly capture. Most existing AU recognition approaches leverage geometry information in a straightforward 2D or 3D manner, which either ignore 3D manifold information or suffer from high computational costs. In this paper, we propose a novel geodesic guided convolution (GeoConv) for AU recognition by embedding 3D manifold information into 2D convolutions. Specifically, the kernel of GeoConv is weighted by our introduced geodesic weights, which are negatively correlated to geodesic distances on a coarsely reconstructed 3D face model. Moreover, based on GeoConv, we further develop an end-to-end trainable framework named GeoCNN for AU recognition. Extensive experiments on BP4D and DISFA benchmarks show that our approach significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art AU recognition methods. 
### 22.DeLTra: Deep Light Transport for Projector-Camera Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03040.pdf)
>  In projector-camera systems, light transport models the propagation from projector emitted radiance to camera-captured irradiance. In this paper, we propose the first end-to-end trainable solution named Deep Light Transport (DeLTra) that estimates radiometrically uncalibrated projector-camera light transport. DeLTra is designed to have two modules: DepthToAtrribute and ShadingNet. DepthToAtrribute explicitly learns rays, depth and normal, and then estimates rough Phong illuminations. Afterwards, the CNN-based ShadingNet renders photorealistic camera-captured image using estimated shading attributes and rough Phong illuminations. A particular challenge addressed by DeLTra is occlusion, for which we exploit epipolar constraint and propose a novel differentiable direct light mask. Thus, it can be learned end-to-end along with the other DeLTra modules. Once trained, DeLTra can be applied simultaneously to three projector-camera tasks: image-based relighting, projector compensation and depth/normal reconstruction. In our experiments, DeLTra shows clear advantages over previous arts with promising quality and meanwhile being practically convenient. 
### 23.Clean-Label Backdoor Attacks on Video Recognition Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03030.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) are vulnerable to backdoor attacks which can hide backdoor triggers in DNNs by poisoning training data. A backdoored model behaves normally on clean test images, yet consistently predicts a particular target class for any test examples that contain the trigger pattern. As such, backdoor attacks are hard to detect, and have raised severe security concerns in real-world applications. Thus far, backdoor research has mostly been conducted in the image domain with image classification models. In this paper, we show that existing image backdoor attacks are far less effective on videos, and outline 4 strict conditions where existing attacks are likely to fail: 1) scenarios with more input dimensions (eg. videos), 2) scenarios with high resolution, 3) scenarios with a large number of classes and few examples per class (a "sparse dataset"), and 4) attacks with access to correct labels (eg. clean-label attacks). We propose the use of a universal adversarial trigger as the backdoor trigger to attack video recognition models, a situation where backdoor attacks are likely to be challenged by the above 4 strict conditions. We show on benchmark video datasets that our proposed backdoor attack can manipulate state-of-the-art video models with high success rates by poisoning only a small proportion of training data (without changing the labels). We also show that our proposed backdoor attack is resistant to state-of-the-art backdoor defense/detection methods, and can even be applied to improve image backdoor attacks. Our proposed video backdoor attack not only serves as a strong baseline for improving the robustness of video models, but also provides a new perspective for more understanding more powerful backdoor attacks. 
### 24.DA4AD: End-to-end Deep Attention Aware Features Aided Visual Localization for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03026.pdf)
>  We present a visual localization framework aided by novel deep attention aware features for autonomous driving that achieves centimeter level localization accuracy. Conventional approaches to the visual localization problem rely on handcrafted features or human-made objects on the road. They are known to be either prone to unstable matching caused by severe appearance or lighting changes, or too scarce to deliver constant and robust localization results in challenging scenarios. In this work, we seek to exploit the deep attention mechanism to search for salient, distinctive and stable features that are good for long-term matching in the scene through a novel end-to-end deep neural network. Furthermore, our learned feature descriptors are demonstrated to be competent to establish robust matches and therefore successfully estimate the optimal camera poses with high precision. We comprehensively validate the effectiveness of our method using a freshly collected dataset with high-quality ground truth trajectories and hardware synchronization between sensors. Results demonstrate that our method achieves a competitive localization accuracy when compared to the LiDAR-based localization solutions under various challenging circumstances, leading to a potential low-cost localization solution for autonomous driving. 
### 25.Centrality Graph Convolutional Networks for Skeleton-based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03007.pdf)
>  The topological structure of skeleton data plays a significant role in human action recognition. Combining the topological structure with graph convolutional networks has achieved remarkable performance. In existing methods, modeling the topological structure of skeleton data only considered the connections between the joints and bones, and directly use physical information. However, there exists an unknown problem to investigate the key joints, bones and body parts in every human action. In this paper, we propose the centrality graph convolutional networks to uncover the overlooked topological information, and best take advantage of the information to distinguish key joints, bones, and body parts. A novel centrality graph convolutional network firstly highlights the effects of the key joints and bones to bring a definite improvement. Besides, the topological information of the skeleton sequence is explored and combined to further enhance the performance in a four-channel framework. Moreover, the reconstructed graph is implemented by the adaptive methods on the training process, which further yields improvements. Our model is validated by two large-scale datasets, NTU-RGB+D and Kinetics, and outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 26.Metric-Scale Truncation-Robust Heatmaps for 3D Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.02953.pdf)
>  Heatmap representations have formed the basis of 2D human pose estimation systems for many years, but their generalizations for 3D pose have only recently been considered. This includes 2.5D volumetric heatmaps, whose X and Y axes correspond to image space and the Z axis to metric depth around the subject. To obtain metric-scale predictions, these methods must include a separate, explicit post-processing step to resolve scale ambiguity. Further, they cannot encode body joint positions outside of the image boundaries, leading to incomplete pose estimates in case of image truncation. We address these limitations by proposing metric-scale truncation-robust (MeTRo) volumetric heatmaps, whose dimensions are defined in metric 3D space near the subject, instead of being aligned with image space. We train a fully-convolutional network to estimate such heatmaps from monocular RGB in an end-to-end manner. This reinterpretation of the heatmap dimensions allows us to estimate complete metric-scale poses without test-time knowledge of the focal length or person distance and without relying on anthropometric heuristics in post-processing. Furthermore, as the image space is decoupled from the heatmap space, the network can learn to reason about joints beyond the image boundary. Using ResNet-50 without any additional learned layers, we obtain state-of-the-art results on the Human3.6M and MPI-INF-3DHP benchmarks. As our method is simple and fast, it can become a useful component for real-time top-down multi-person pose estimation systems. We make our code publicly available to facilitate further research (see <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://vision.rwth-aachen.de/metro-pose3d" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>). 
### 27.Segmentation of Satellite Imagery using U-Net Models for Land Cover Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.02899.pdf)
>  The focus of this paper is using a convolutional machine learning model with a modified U-Net structure for creating land cover classification mapping based on satellite imagery. The aim of the research is to train and test convolutional models for automatic land cover mapping and to assess their usability in increasing land cover mapping accuracy and change detection. To solve these tasks, authors prepared a dataset and trained machine learning models for land cover classification and semantic segmentation from satellite images. The results were analysed on three different land classification levels. BigEarthNet satellite image archive was selected for the research as one of two main datasets. This novel and recent dataset was published in 2019 and includes Sentinel-2 satellite photos from 10 European countries made in 2017 and 2018. As a second dataset the authors composed an original set containing a Sentinel-2 image and a CORINE land cover map of Estonia. The developed classification model shows a high overall F\textsubscript{1} score of 0.749 on multiclass land cover classification with 43 possible image labels. The model also highlights noisy data in the BigEarthNet dataset, where images seem to have incorrect labels. The segmentation models offer a solution for generating automatic land cover mappings based on Sentinel-2 satellite images and show a high IoU score for land cover classes such as forests, inland waters and arable land. The models show a capability of increasing the accuracy of existing land classification maps and in land cover change detection. 
### 28.Optimizing JPEG Quantization for Classification Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.02874.pdf)
>  Deep learning for computer vision depends on lossy image compression: it reduces the storage required for training and test data and lowers transfer costs in deployment. Mainstream datasets and imaging pipelines all rely on standard JPEG compression. In JPEG, the degree of quantization of frequency coefficients controls the lossiness: an 8 by 8 quantization table (Q-table) decides both the quality of the encoded image and the compression ratio. While a long history of work has sought better Q-tables, existing work either seeks to minimize image distortion or to optimize for models of the human visual system. This work asks whether JPEG Q-tables exist that are "better" for specific vision networks and can offer better quality--size trade-offs than ones designed for human perception or minimal distortion. We reconstruct an ImageNet test set with higher resolution to explore the effect of JPEG compression under novel Q-tables. We attempt several approaches to tune a Q-table for a vision task. We find that a simple sorted random sampling method can exceed the performance of the standard JPEG Q-table. We also use hyper-parameter tuning techniques including bounded random search, Bayesian optimization, and composite heuristic optimization methods. The new Q-tables we obtained can improve the compression rate by 10% to 200% when the accuracy is fixed, or improve accuracy up to $2\%$ at the same compression rate. 
### 29.Anysize GAN: A solution to the image-warping problem  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03233.pdf)
>  We propose a new type of General Adversarial Network (GAN) to resolve a common issue with Deep Learning. We develop a novel architecture that can be applied to existing latent vector based GAN structures that allows them to generate on-the-fly images of any size. Existing GAN for image generation requires uniform images of matching dimensions. However, publicly available datasets, such as ImageNet contain thousands of different sizes. Resizing image causes deformations and changing the image data, whereas as our network does not require this preprocessing step. We make significant changes to the standard data loading techniques to enable any size image to be loaded for training. We also modify the network in two ways, by adding multiple inputs and a novel dynamic resizing layer. Finally we make adjustments to the discriminator to work on multiple resolutions. These changes can allow multiple resolution datasets to be trained on without any resizing, if memory allows. We validate our results on the ISIC 2019 skin lesion dataset. We demonstrate our method can successfully generate realistic images at different sizes without issue, preserving and understanding spatial relationships, while maintaining feature relationships. We will release the source codes upon paper acceptance. 
### 30.Non-linear Neurons with Human-like Apical Dendrite Activations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03229.pdf)
>  In order to classify linearly non-separable data, neurons are typically organized into multi-layer neural networks that are equipped with at least one hidden layer. Inspired by some recent discoveries in neuroscience, we propose a new neuron model along with a novel activation function enabling learning of non-linear decision boundaries using a single neuron. We show that a standard neuron followed by the novel apical dendrite activation (ADA) can learn the XOR logical function with 100% accuracy. Furthermore, we conduct experiments on three benchmark data sets from computer vision and natural language processing, i.e. Fashion-MNIST, UTKFace and MOROCO, showing that the ADA and the leaky ADA functions provide superior results to Rectified Liner Units (ReLU) and leaky ReLU, for various neural network architectures, e.g. 1-hidden layer or 2-hidden layers multi-layer perceptrons (MLPs) and convolutional neural networks (CNNs) such as LeNet, VGG, ResNet and Character-level CNN. We also obtain further improvements when we change the standard model of the neuron with our pyramidal neuron with apical dendrite activations (PyNADA). 
### 31.Knowledge graph based methods for record linkage  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03136.pdf)
>  Nowadays, it is common in Historical Demography the use of individual-level data as a consequence of a predominant life-course approach for the understanding of the demographic behaviour, family transition, mobility, etc. Record linkage advance is key in these disciplines since it allows to increase the volume and the data complexity to be analyzed. However, current methods are constrained to link data coming from the same kind of sources. Knowledge graph are flexible semantic representations, which allow to encode data variability and semantic relations in a structured manner. <br>In this paper we propose the knowledge graph use to tackle record linkage task. The proposed method, named {\bf WERL}, takes advantage of the main knowledge graph properties and learns embedding vectors to encode census information. These embeddings are properly weighted to maximize the record linkage performance. We have evaluated this method on benchmark data sets and we have compared it to related methods with stimulating and satisfactory results. 
### 32.Meta-SVDD: Probabilistic Meta-Learning for One-Class Classification in Cancer Histology Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03109.pdf)
>  To train a robust deep learning model, one usually needs a balanced set of categories in the training data. The data acquired in a medical domain, however, frequently contains an abundance of healthy patients, versus a small variety of positive, abnormal cases. Moreover, the annotation of a positive sample requires time consuming input from medical domain experts. This scenario would suggest a promise for one-class classification type approaches. In this work we propose a general one-class classification model for histology, that is meta-trained on multiple histology datasets simultaneously, and can be applied to new tasks without expensive re-training. This model could be easily used by pathology domain experts, and potentially be used for screening purposes. 
### 33.StereoNeuroBayesSLAM: A Neurobiologically Inspired Stereo Visual SLAM System Based on Direct Sparse Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03091.pdf)
>  We propose a neurobiologically inspired visual simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) system based on direction sparse method to real-time build cognitive maps of large-scale environments from a moving stereo camera. The core SLAM system mainly comprises a Bayesian attractor network, which utilizes neural responses of head direction (HD) cells in the hippocampus and grid cells in the medial entorhinal cortex (MEC) to represent the head direction and the position of the robot in the environment, respectively. Direct sparse method is employed to accurately and robustly estimate velocity information from a stereo camera. Input rotational and translational velocities are integrated by the HD cell and grid cell networks, respectively. We demonstrated our neurobiologically inspired stereo visual SLAM system on the KITTI odometry benchmark datasets. Our proposed SLAM system is robust to real-time build a coherent semi-metric topological map from a stereo camera. Qualitative evaluation on cognitive maps shows that our proposed neurobiologically inspired stereo visual SLAM system outperforms our previous brain-inspired algorithms and the neurobiologically inspired monocular visual SLAM system both in terms of tracking accuracy and robustness, which is closer to the traditional state-of-the-art one. 
### 34.Toward Adaptive Guidance: Modeling the Variety of User Behaviors in Continuous-Skill-Improving Experiences of Machine Operation Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03025.pdf)
>  An adaptive guidance system that supports equipment operators requires a comprehensive model of task and user behavior that considers different skill and knowledge levels as well as diverse situations. In this study, we investigated the relationships between user behaviors and skill levels under operational conditions. We captured sixty samples of two sewing tasks performed by five operators using a head-mounted RGB-d camera and a static gaze tracker. We examined the operators' gaze and head movements, and hand interactions to essential regions (hotspots on machine surface) to determine behavioral differences among continuous skill improving experiences. We modeled the variety of user behaviors to an extensive task model with a two-step automatic approach, baseline model selection and experience integration. The experimental results indicate that some features, such as task execution time and user head movements, are good indexes for skill level and provide valuable information that can be applied to obtain an effective task model. Operators with varying knowledge and operating habits demonstrate different operational features, which can contribute to the design of user-specific guidance. 
### 35.Neural networks approach for mammography diagnosis using wavelets features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03000.pdf)
>  A supervised diagnosis system for digital mammogram is developed. The diagnosis processes are done by transforming the data of the images into a feature vector using wavelets multilevel decomposition. This vector is used as the feature tailored toward separating different mammogram classes. The suggested model consists of artificial neural networks designed for classifying mammograms according to tumor type and risk level. Results are enhanced from our previous study by extracting feature vectors using multilevel decompositions instead of one level of decomposition. Radiologist-labeled images were used to evaluate the diagnosis system. Results are very promising and show possible guide for future work. 
### 36.Likelihood Regret: An Out-of-Distribution Detection Score For Variational Auto-encoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.02977.pdf)
>  Deep probabilistic generative models enable modeling the likelihoods of very high dimensional data. An important application of generative modeling should be the ability to detect out-of-distribution (OOD) samples by setting a threshold on the likelihood. However, a recent study shows that probabilistic generative models can, in some cases, assign higher likelihoods on certain types of OOD samples, making the OOD detection rules based on likelihood threshold problematic. To address this issue, several OOD detection methods have been proposed for deep generative models. In this paper, we make the observation that some of these methods fail when applied to generative models based on Variational Auto-encoders (VAE). As an alternative, we propose Likelihood Regret, an efficient OOD score for VAEs. We benchmark our proposed method over existing approaches, and empirical results suggest that our method obtains the best overall OOD detection performances compared with other OOD method applied on VAE. 
### 37.Forgetting Outside the Box: Scrubbing Deep Networks of Information Accessible from Input-Output Observations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.02960.pdf)
>  We describe a procedure for removing dependency on a cohort of training data from a trained deep network that improves upon and generalizes previous methods to different readout functions and can be extended to ensure forgetting in the activations of the network. We introduce a new bound on how much information can be extracted per query about the forgotten cohort from a black-box network for which only the input-output behavior is observed. The proposed forgetting procedure has a deterministic part derived from the differential equations of a linearized version of the model, and a stochastic part that ensures information destruction by adding noise tailored to the geometry of the loss landscape. We exploit the connections between the activation and weight dynamics of a DNN inspired by Neural Tangent Kernels to compute the information in the activations. 
### 38.From Perspective X-ray Imaging to Parallax-Robust Orthographic Stitching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.02959.pdf)
>  Stitching images acquired under perspective projective geometry is a relevant topic in computer vision with multiple applications ranging from smartphone panoramas to the construction of digital maps. Image stitching is an equally prominent challenge in medical imaging, where the limited field-of-view captured by single images prohibits holistic analysis of patient anatomy. The barrier that prevents straight-forward mosaicing of 2D images is depth mismatch due to parallax. In this work, we leverage the Fourier slice theorem to aggregate information from multiple transmission images in parallax-free domains using fundamental principles of X-ray image formation. The semantics of the stitched image are restored using a novel deep learning strategy that exploits similarity measures designed around frequency, as well as dense and sparse spatial image content. Our pipeline, not only stitches images, but also provides orthographic reconstruction that enables metric measurements of clinically relevant quantities directly on the 2D image plane. 
### 39.A deep learning-facilitated radiomics solution for the prediction of lung lesion shrinkage in non-small cell lung cancer trials  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.02943.pdf)
>  Herein we propose a deep learning-based approach for the prediction of lung lesion response based on radiomic features extracted from clinical CT scans of patients in non-small cell lung cancer trials. The approach starts with the classification of lung lesions from the set of primary and metastatic lesions at various anatomic locations. Focusing on the lung lesions, we perform automatic segmentation to extract their 3D volumes. Radiomic features are then extracted from the lesion on the pre-treatment scan and the first follow-up scan to predict which lesions will shrink at least 30% in diameter during treatment (either Pembrolizumab or combinations of chemotherapy and Pembrolizumab), which is defined as a partial response by the Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors (RECIST) guidelines. A 5-fold cross validation on the training set led to an AUC of 0.84 +/- 0.03, and the prediction on the testing dataset reached AUC of 0.73 +/- 0.02 for the outcome of 30% diameter shrinkage. 
### 40.IntrA: 3D Intracranial Aneurysm Dataset for Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.02920.pdf)
>  Medicine is an important application area for deep learning models. Research in this field is a combination of medical expertise and data science knowledge. In this paper, instead of 2D medical images, we introduce an open-access 3D intracranial aneurysm dataset, IntrA, that makes the application of points-based and mesh-based classification and segmentation models available. Our dataset can be used to diagnose intracranial aneurysms and to extract the neck for a clipping operation in medicine and other areas of deep learning, such as normal estimation and surface reconstruction. We provide a large-scale benchmark of classification and part segmentation by testing state-of-the-art networks. We also discuss the performance of each method and demonstrate the challenges of our dataset. The published dataset can be accessed here: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/intra3d2019/IntrA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 41.Generating Embroidery Patterns Using Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.02909.pdf)
>  In many scenarios in computer vision, machine learning, and computer graphics, there is a requirement to learn the mapping from an image of one domain to an image of another domain, called Image-to-image translation. For example, style transfer, object transfiguration, visually altering the appearance of weather conditions in an image, changing the appearance of a day image into a night image or vice versa, photo enhancement, to name a few. In this paper, we propose two machine learning techniques to solve the embroidery image-to-image translation. Our goal is to generate a preview image which looks similar to an embroidered image, from a user-uploaded image. Our techniques are modifications of two existing techniques, neural style transfer, and cycle-consistent generative-adversarial network. Neural style transfer renders the semantic content of an image from one domain in the style of a different image in another domain, whereas a cycle-consistent generative adversarial network learns the mapping from an input image to output image without any paired training data, and also learn a loss function to train this mapping. Furthermore, the techniques we propose are independent of any embroidery attributes, such as elevation of the image, light-source, start, and endpoints of a stitch, type of stitch used, fabric type, etc. Given the user image, our techniques can generate a preview image which looks similar to an embroidered image. We train and test our propose techniques on an embroidery dataset which consist of simple 2D images. To do so, we prepare an unpaired embroidery dataset with more than 8000 user-uploaded images along with embroidered images. Empirical results show that these techniques successfully generate an approximate preview of an embroidered version of a user image, which can help users in decision making. 
### 42.Practical Full Resolution Learned Lossless Image Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12817.pdf)
>  We propose the first practical learned lossless image compression system, L3C, and show that it outperforms the popular engineered codecs, PNG, WebP and JPEG 2000. At the core of our method is a fully parallelizable hierarchical probabilistic model for adaptive entropy coding which is optimized end-to-end for the compression task. In contrast to recent autoregressive discrete probabilistic models such as PixelCNN, our method i) models the image distribution jointly with learned auxiliary representations instead of exclusively modeling the image distribution in RGB space, and ii) only requires three forward-passes to predict all pixel probabilities instead of one for each pixel. As a result, L3C obtains over two orders of magnitude speedups when sampling compared to the fastest PixelCNN variant (Multiscale-PixelCNN). Furthermore, we find that learning the auxiliary representation is crucial and outperforms predefined auxiliary representations such as an RGB pyramid significantly. 
