# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 4 Mar 2020
### 1.BATS: Binary ArchitecTure Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01711.pdf)
>  This paper proposes Binary ArchitecTure Search (BATS), a framework that drastically reduces the accuracy gap between binary neural networks and their real-valued counterparts by means of Neural Architecture Search (NAS). We show that directly applying NAS to the binary domain provides very poor results. To alleviate this, we describe, to our knowledge, for the first time, the 3 key ingredients for successfully applying NAS to the binary domain. Specifically, we (1) introduce and design a novel binary-oriented search space, (2) propose a new mechanism for controlling and stabilising the resulting searched topologies, (3) propose and validate a series of new search strategies for binary networks that lead to faster convergence and lower search times. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach and the necessity of searching in the binary space directly. Moreover, (4) we set a new state-of-the-art for binary neural networks on CIFAR10, CIFAR100 and ImageNet datasets. Code will be made available <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/1adrianb/binary-nas" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 2.Holistically-Attracted Wireframe Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01663.pdf)
>  This paper presents a fast and parsimonious parsing method to accurately and robustly detect a vectorized wireframe in an input image with a single forward pass. The proposed method is end-to-end trainable, consisting of three components: (i) line segment and junction proposal generation, (ii) line segment and junction matching, and (iii) line segment and junction verification. For computing line segment proposals, a novel exact dual representation is proposed which exploits a parsimonious geometric reparameterization for line segments and forms a holistic 4-dimensional attraction field map for an input image. Junctions can be treated as the "basins" in the attraction field. The proposed method is thus called Holistically-Attracted Wireframe Parser (HAWP). In experiments, the proposed method is tested on two benchmarks, the Wireframe dataset, and the YorkUrban dataset. On both benchmarks, it obtains state-of-the-art performance in terms of accuracy and efficiency. For example, on the Wireframe dataset, compared to the previous state-of-the-art method L-CNN, it improves the challenging mean structural average precision (msAP) by a large margin ($2.8\%$ absolute improvements) and achieves 29.5 FPS on single GPU ($89\%$ relative improvement). A systematic ablation study is performed to further justify the proposed method. 
### 3.Unsupervised Learning of Intrinsic Structural Representation Points  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01661.pdf)
>  Learning structures of 3D shapes is a fundamental problem in the field of computer graphics and geometry processing. We present a simple yet interpretable unsupervised method for learning a new structural representation in the form of 3D structure points. The 3D structure points pro-duced by our method encode the shape structure intrinsi-cally and exhibit semantic consistency across all the shapeinstances with similar structures. This is a challenging goal that has not fully been achieved by other methods. Specifically, our method takes a 3D point cloud as input and encodes it as a set of local features. The local features are then passed through a novel point integration module to produce a set of 3D structure points. The chamfer distance is used as reconstruction loss to ensure the structure points lie close to the input point cloud. Extensive experiments have shown that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art on the semantic shape correspondence task and achieves achieve comparable performance with state-of-the-art on the segmentation label transfer task. Moreover, the PCA based shape embedding built upon consistent structure points demonstrates good performance in preserving the shape structures. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/NolenChen/3DStructurePoints" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 4.Volumetric landmark detection with a multi-scale shift equivariant neural network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01639.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks yield promising results in a wide range of computer vision applications, including landmark detection. A major challenge for accurate anatomical landmark detection in volumetric images such as clinical CT scans is that large-scale data often constrain the capacity of the employed neural network architecture due to GPU memory limitations, which in turn can limit the precision of the output. We propose a multi-scale, end-to-end deep learning method that achieves fast and memory-efficient landmark detection in 3D images. Our architecture consists of blocks of shift-equivariant networks, each of which performs landmark detection at a different spatial scale. These blocks are connected from coarse to fine-scale, with differentiable resampling layers, so that all levels can be trained together. We also present a noise injection strategy that increases the robustness of the model and allows us to quantify uncertainty at test time. We evaluate our method for carotid artery bifurcations detection on 263 CT volumes and achieve a better than state-of-the-art accuracy with mean Euclidean distance error of 2.81mm. 
### 5.Deep Multi-Modal Sets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01607.pdf)
>  Many vision-related tasks benefit from reasoning over multiple modalities to leverage complementary views of data in an attempt to learn robust embedding spaces. Most deep learning-based methods rely on a late fusion technique whereby multiple feature types are encoded and concatenated and then a multi layer perceptron (MLP) combines the fused embedding to make predictions. This has several limitations, such as an unnatural enforcement that all features be present at all times as well as constraining only a constant number of occurrences of a feature modality at any given time. Furthermore, as more modalities are added, the concatenated embedding grows. To mitigate this, we propose Deep Multi-Modal Sets: a technique that represents a collection of features as an unordered set rather than one long ever-growing fixed-size vector. The set is constructed so that we have invariance both to permutations of the feature modalities as well as to the cardinality of the set. We will also show that with particular choices in our model architecture, we can yield interpretable feature performance such that during inference time we can observe which modalities are most contributing to the prediction.With this in mind, we demonstrate a scalable, multi-modal framework that reasons over different modalities to learn various types of tasks. We demonstrate new state-of-the-art performance on two multi-modal datasets (Ads-Parallelity [34] and MM-IMDb [1]). 
### 6.Image Matching across Wide Baselines: From Paper to Practice  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01587.pdf)
>  We introduce a comprehensive benchmark for local features and robust estimation algorithms, focusing on the downstream task -- the accuracy of the reconstructed camera pose -- as our primary metric. Our pipeline's modular structure allows us to easily integrate, configure, and combine methods and heuristics. We demonstrate this by embedding dozens of popular algorithms and evaluating them, from seminal works to the cutting edge of machine learning research. We show that with proper settings, classical solutions may still outperform the perceived state of the art. <br>Besides establishing the actual state of the art, the experiments conducted in this paper reveal unexpected properties of SfM pipelines that can be exploited to help improve their performance, for both algorithmic and learned methods. Data and code are online <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/vcg-uvic/image-matching-benchmark" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>, providing an easy-to-use and flexible framework for the benchmarking of local feature and robust estimation methods, both alongside and against top-performing methods. This work provides the basis for an open challenge on wide-baseline image matching <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://vision.uvic.ca/image-matching-challenge" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . 
### 7.Distilled Hierarchical Neural Ensembles with Adaptive Inference Cost  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01474.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks form the basis of state-of-the-art models across a variety of application domains. Moreover, networks that are able to dynamically adapt the computational cost of inference are important in scenarios where the amount of compute or input data varies over time. In this paper, we propose Hierarchical Neural Ensembles (HNE), a novel framework to embed an ensemble of multiple networks by sharing intermediate layers using a hierarchical structure. In HNE we control the inference cost by evaluating only a subset of models, which are organized in a nested manner. Our second contribution is a novel co-distillation method to boost the performance of ensemble predictions with low inference cost. This approach leverages the nested structure of our ensembles, to optimally allocate accuracy and diversity across the ensemble members. Comprehensive experiments over the CIFAR and ImageNet datasets confirm the effectiveness of HNE in building deep networks with adaptive inference cost for image classification. 
### 8.Disentangling Physical Dynamics from Unknown Factors for Unsupervised Video Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01460.pdf)
>  Leveraging physical knowledge described by partial differential equations (PDEs) is an appealing way to improve unsupervised video prediction methods. Since physics is too restrictive for describing the full visual content of generic videos, we introduce PhyDNet, a two-branch deep architecture, which explicitly disentangles PDE dynamics from unknown complementary information. A second contribution is to propose a new recurrent physical cell (PhyCell), inspired from data assimilation techniques, for performing PDE-constrained prediction in latent space. Extensive experiments conducted on four various datasets show the ability of PhyDNet to outperform state-of-the-art methods. Ablation studies also highlight the important gain brought out by both disentanglement and PDE-constrained prediction. Finally, we show that PhyDNet presents interesting features for dealing with missing data and long-term forecasting. 
### 9.Implicit Functions in Feature Space for 3D Shape Reconstruction and Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01456.pdf)
>  While many works focus on 3D reconstruction from images, in this paper, we focus on 3D shape reconstruction and completion from a variety of 3D inputs, which are deficient in some respect: low and high resolution voxels, sparse and dense point clouds, complete or incomplete. Processing of such 3D inputs is an increasingly important problem as they are the output of 3D scanners, which are becoming more accessible, and are the intermediate output of 3D computer vision algorithms. Recently, learned implicit functions have shown great promise as they produce continuous reconstructions. However, we identified two limitations in reconstruction from 3D inputs: 1) details present in the input data are not retained, and 2) poor reconstruction of articulated humans. To solve this, we propose Implicit Feature Networks (IF-Nets), which deliver continuous outputs, can handle multiple topologies, and complete shapes for missing or sparse input data retaining the nice properties of recent learned implicit functions, but critically they can also retain detail when it is present in the input data, and can reconstruct articulated humans. Our work differs from prior work in two crucial aspects. First, instead of using a single vector to encode a 3D shape, we extract a learnable 3-dimensional multi-scale tensor of deep features, which is aligned with the original Euclidean space embedding the shape. Second, instead of classifying x-y-z point coordinates directly, we classify deep features extracted from the tensor at a continuous query point. We show that this forces our model to make decisions based on global and local shape structure, as opposed to point coordinates, which are arbitrary under Euclidean transformations. Experiments demonstrate that IF-Nets outperform prior work in 3D object reconstruction in ShapeNet, and obtain significantly more accurate 3D human reconstructions. 
### 10.Rethinking Zero-shot Video Classification: End-to-end Training for Realistic Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01455.pdf)
>  Trained on large datasets, deep learning (DL) can accurately classify videos into hundreds of diverse classes. However, video data is expensive to annotate. Zero-shot learning (ZSL) proposes one solution to this problem. ZSL trains a model once, and generalizes to new tasks whose classes are not present in the training dataset. We propose the first end-to-end algorithm for ZSL in video classification. Our training procedure builds on insights from recent video classification literature and uses a trainable 3D CNN to learn the visual features. This is in contrast to previous video ZSL methods, which use pretrained feature extractors. We also extend the current benchmarking paradigm: Previous techniques aim to make the test task unknown at training time but fall short of this goal. We encourage domain shift across training and test data and disallow tailoring a ZSL model to a specific test dataset. We outperform the state-of-the-art by a wide margin. Our code, evaluation procedure and model weights are available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/bbrattoli/ZeroShotVideoClassification" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 11.3D dynamic hand gestures recognition using the Leap Motion sensor and convolutional neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01450.pdf)
>  Defining methods for the automatic understanding of gestures is of paramount importance in many application contexts and in Virtual Reality applications for creating more natural and easy-to-use human-computer interaction methods. In this paper, we present a method for the recognition of a set of non-static gestures acquired through the Leap Motion sensor. The acquired gesture information is converted in color images, where the variation of hand joint positions during the gesture are projected on a plane and temporal information is represented with color intensity of the projected points. The classification of the gestures is performed using a deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). A modified version of the popular ResNet-50 architecture is adopted, obtained by removing the last fully connected layer and adding a new layer with as many neurons as the considered gesture classes. The method has been successfully applied to the existing reference dataset and preliminary tests have already been performed for the real-time recognition of dynamic gestures performed by users. 
### 12.UDD: An Underwater Open-sea Farm Object Detection Dataset for Underwater Robot Picking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01446.pdf)
>  To promote the development of underwater robot picking in sea farms, we propose an underwater open-sea farm object detection dataset called UDD. Concretely, UDD consists of 3 categories (seacucumber, seaurchin, and scallop) with 2227 images. To the best of our knowledge, it's the first dataset collected in a real open-sea farm for underwater robot picking and we also propose a novel Poisson-blending-embedded Generative Adversarial Network (Poisson GAN) to overcome the class-imbalance and massive small objects issues in UDD. By utilizing Poisson GAN to change the number, position, even size of objects in UDD, we construct a large scale augmented dataset (AUDD) containing 18K images. Besides, in order to make the detector better adapted to the underwater picking environment, a dataset (Pre-trained dataset) for pre-training containing 590K images is also proposed. Finally, we design a lightweight network (UnderwaterNet) to address the problems that detecting small objects from cloudy underwater pictures and meeting the efficiency requirements in robots. Specifically, we design a depth-wise-convolution-based Multi-scale Contextual Features Fusion (MFF) block and a Multi-scale Blursampling (MBP) module to reduce the parameters of the network to 1.3M at 48FPS, without any loss on accuracy. Extensive experiments verify the effectiveness of the proposed UnderwaterNet, Poisson GAN, UDD, AUDD, and Pre-trained datasets. 
### 13.What's the relationship between CNNs and communication systems?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01413.pdf)
>  The interpretability of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) is an important topic in the field of computer vision. In recent years, works in this field generally adopt a mature model to reveal the internal mechanism of CNNs, helping to understand CNNs thoroughly. In this paper, we argue the working mechanism of CNNs can be revealed through a totally different interpretation, by comparing the communication systems and CNNs. This paper successfully obtained the corresponding relationship between the modules of the two, and verified the rationality of the corresponding relationship with experiments. Finally, through the analysis of some cutting-edge research on neural networks, we find the inherent relation between these two tasks can be of help in explaining these researches reasonably, as well as helping us discover the correct research direction of neural networks. 
### 14.DeepSperm: A robust and real-time bull sperm-cell detection in densely populated semen videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01395.pdf)
>  Background and Objective: Object detection is a primary research interest in computer vision. Sperm-cell detection in a densely populated bull semen microscopic observation video presents challenges such as partial occlusion, vast number of objects in a single video frame, tiny size of the object, artifacts, low contrast, and blurry objects because of the rapid movement of the sperm cells. This study proposes an architecture, called DeepSperm, that solves the aforementioned challenges and is more accurate and faster than state-of-the-art architectures. Methods: In the proposed architecture, we use only one detection layer, which is specific for small object detection. For handling overfitting and increasing accuracy, we set a higher network resolution, use a dropout layer, and perform data augmentation on hue, saturation, and exposure. Several hyper-parameters are tuned to achieve better performance. We compare our proposed method with those of a conventional image processing-based object-detection method, you only look once (YOLOv3), and mask region-based convolutional neural network (Mask R-CNN). Results: In our experiment, we achieve 86.91 mAP on the test dataset and a processing speed of 50.3 fps. In comparison with YOLOv3, we achieve an increase of 16.66 mAP point, 3.26 x faster on testing, and 1.4 x faster on training with a small training dataset, which contains 40 video frames. The weights file size was also reduced significantly, with 16.94 x smaller than that of YOLOv3. Moreover, it requires 1.3 x less graphical processing unit (GPU) memory than YOLOv3. Conclusions: This study proposes DeepSperm, which is a simple, effective, and efficient architecture with its hyper-parameters and configuration to detect bull sperm cells robustly in real time. In our experiment, we surpass the state of the art in terms of accuracy, speed, and resource needs. 
### 15.Fully Convolutional Networks for Automatically Generating Image Masks to Train Mask R-CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01383.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel automatically generating image masks method for the state-of-the-art Mask R-CNN deep learning method. The Mask R-CNN method achieves the best results in object detection until now, however, it is very time-consuming and laborious to get the object Masks for training, the proposed method is composed by a two-stage design, to automatically generating image masks, the first stage implements a fully convolutional networks (FCN) based segmentation network, the second stage network, a Mask R-CNN based object detection network, which is trained on the object image masks from FCN output, the original input image, and additional label information. Through experimentation, our proposed method can obtain the image masks automatically to train Mask R-CNN, and it can achieve very high classification accuracy with an over 90% mean of average precision (mAP) for segmentation 
### 16.multi-patch aggregation models for resampling detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01364.pdf)
>  Images captured nowadays are of varying dimensions with smartphones and DSLR's allowing users to choose from a list of available image resolutions. It is therefore imperative for forensic algorithms such as resampling detection to scale well for images of varying dimensions. However, in our experiments, we observed that many state-of-the-art forensic algorithms are sensitive to image size and their performance quickly degenerates when operated on images of diverse dimensions despite re-training them using multiple image sizes. To handle this issue, we propose a novel pooling strategy called ITERATIVE POOLING. This pooling strategy can dynamically adjust input tensors in a discrete without much loss of information as in ROI Max-pooling. This pooling strategy can be used with any of the existing deep models and for demonstration purposes, we show its utility on Resnet-18 for the case of resampling detection a fundamental operation for any image sought of image manipulation. Compared to existing strategies and Max-pooling it gives up to 7-8% improvement on public datasets. 
### 17.DiPE: Deeper into Photometric Errors for Unsupervised Learning of Depth and Ego-motion from Monocular Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01360.pdf)
>  Unsupervised learning of depth and ego-motion from unlabelled monocular videos has recently drawn attention as it has notable advantages than the supervised ones. It uses the photometric errors between the target view and the synthesized views from its adjacent source views as the loss. Although significant progress has been made, the learning still suffers from occlusion and scene dynamics. This paper shows that carefully manipulating photometric errors can tackle these difficulties better. The primary improvement is achieved by masking out the invisible or nonstationary pixels in the photometric error map using a statistical technique. With this outlier masking approach, the depth of objects that move in the opposite direction to the camera can be estimated more accurately. According to our best knowledge, such objects have not been seriously considered in the previous work, even though they pose a higher risk in applications like autonomous driving. We also propose an efficient weighted multi-scale scheme to reduce the artifacts in the predicted depth maps. Extensive experiments on the KITTI dataset show the effectiveness of the proposed approaches. The overall system achieves state-of-the-art performance on both depth and ego-motion estimation. 
### 18.Gastric histopathology image segmentation using a hierarchical conditional random field  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01302.pdf)
>  In this paper, a Hierarchical Conditional Random Field (HCRF) model based Gastric Histopathology Image Segmentation (GHIS) method is proposed, which can localize abnormal (cancer) regions in gastric histopathology images obtained by optical microscope to assist histopathologists in medical work. First, to obtain pixel-level segmentation information, we retrain a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) to build up our pixel-level potentials. Then, in order to obtain abundant spatial segmentation information in patch-level, we fine-tune another three CNNs to build up our patch-level potentials. Thirdly, based on the pixel- and patch-level potentials, our HCRF model is structured. Finally, graph-based post-processing is applied to further improve our segmentation performance. In the experiment, a segmentation accuracy of 78.91% is achieved on a Hematoxylin and Eosin (H&amp;E) stained gastric histopathological dataset with 560 images, showing the effectiveness and future potential of the proposed GHIS method. 
### 19.Data-Free Adversarial Perturbations for Practical Black-Box Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01295.pdf)
>  Neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial examples, which are malicious inputs crafted to fool pre-trained models. Adversarial examples often exhibit black-box attacking transferability, which allows that adversarial examples crafted for one model can fool another model. However, existing black-box attack methods require samples from the training data distribution to improve the transferability of adversarial examples across different models. Because of the data dependence, the fooling ability of adversarial perturbations is only applicable when training data are accessible. In this paper, we present a data-free method for crafting adversarial perturbations that can fool a target model without any knowledge about the training data distribution. In the practical setting of a black-box attack scenario where attackers do not have access to target models and training data, our method achieves high fooling rates on target models and outperforms other universal adversarial perturbation methods. Our method empirically shows that current deep learning models are still at risk even when the attackers do not have access to training data. 
### 20.Trained Model Fusion for Object Detection using Gating Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01288.pdf)
>  The major approaches of transfer learning in computer vision have tried to adapt the source domain to the target domain one-to-one. However, this scenario is difficult to apply to real applications such as video surveillance systems. As those systems have many cameras installed at each location regarded as source domains, it is difficult to identify the proper source domain. In this paper, we introduce a new transfer learning scenario that has various source domains and one target domain, assuming video surveillance system integration. Also, we propose a novel method for automatically producing a high accuracy model by fusing models trained at various source domains. In particular, we show how to apply a gating network to fuse source domains for object detection tasks, which is a new approach. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method through experiments on traffic surveillance datasets. 
### 21.Towards Noise-resistant Object Detection with Noisy Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01285.pdf)
>  Training deep object detectors requires significant amount of human-annotated images with accurate object labels and bounding box coordinates, which are extremely expensive to acquire. Noisy annotations are much more easily accessible, but they could be detrimental for learning. We address the challenging problem of training object detectors with noisy annotations, where the noise contains a mixture of label noise and bounding box noise. We propose a learning framework which jointly optimizes object labels, bounding box coordinates, and model parameters by performing alternating noise correction and model training. To disentangle label noise and bounding box noise, we propose a two-step noise correction method. The first step performs class-agnostic bounding box correction by minimizing classifier discrepancy and maximizing region objectness. The second step distils knowledge from dual detection heads for soft label correction and class-specific bounding box refinement. We conduct experiments on PASCAL VOC and MS-COCO dataset with both synthetic noise and machine-generated noise. Our method achieves state-of-the-art performance by effectively cleaning both label noise and bounding box noise. Code to reproduce all results will be released. 
### 22.Disrupting DeepFakes: Adversarial Attacks Against Conditional Image Translation Networks and Facial Manipulation Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01279.pdf)
>  Face modification systems using deep learning have become increasingly powerful and accessible. Given images of a person's face, such systems can generate new images of that same person under different expressions and poses. Some systems can also modify targeted attributes such as hair color or age. This type of manipulated images and video have been coined DeepFakes. In order to prevent a malicious user from generating modified images of a person without their consent we tackle the new problem of generating adversarial attacks against image translation systems, which disrupt the resulting output image. We call this problem disrupting deepfakes. We adapt traditional adversarial attacks to our scenario. Most image translation architectures are generative models conditioned on an attribute (e.g. put a smile on this person's face). We present class transferable adversarial attacks that generalize to different classes, which means that the attacker does not need to have knowledge about the conditioning vector. In gray-box scenarios, blurring can mount a successful defense against disruption. We present a spread-spectrum adversarial attack, which evades blurring defenses. 
### 23.Single-Shot Pose Estimation of Surgical Robot Instruments' Shafts from Monocular Endoscopic Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01267.pdf)
>  Surgical robots are used to perform minimally invasive surgery and alleviate much of the burden imposed on surgeons. Our group has developed a surgical robot to aid in the removal of tumors at the base of the skull via access through the nostrils. To avoid injuring the patients, a collision-avoidance algorithm that depends on having an accurate model for the poses of the instruments' shafts is used. Given that the model's parameters can change over time owing to interactions between instruments and other disturbances, the online estimation of the poses of the instrument's shaft is essential. In this work, we propose a new method to estimate the pose of the surgical instruments' shafts using a monocular endoscope. Our method is based on the use of an automatically annotated training dataset and an improved pose-estimation deep-learning architecture. In preliminary experiments, we show that our method can surpass state of the art vision-based marker-less pose estimation techniques (providing an error decrease of 55% in position estimation, 64% in pitch, and 69% in yaw) by using artificial images. 
### 24.Point-GNN: Graph Neural Network for 3D Object Detection in a Point Cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01251.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a graph neural network to detect objects from a LiDAR point cloud. Towards this end, we encode the point cloud efficiently in a fixed radius near-neighbors graph. We design a graph neural network, named Point-GNN, to predict the category and shape of the object that each vertex in the graph belongs to. In Point-GNN, we propose an auto-registration mechanism to reduce translation variance, and also design a box merging and scoring operation to combine detections from multiple vertices accurately. Our experiments on the KITTI benchmark show the proposed approach achieves leading accuracy using the point cloud alone and can even surpass fusion-based algorithms. Our results demonstrate the potential of using the graph neural network as a new approach for 3D object detection. The code is available <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/WeijingShi/Point-GNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 25.MVC-Net: A Convolutional Neural Network Architecture for Manifold-Valued Images With Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01234.pdf)
>  Geometric deep learning has attracted significant attention in recent years, in part due to the availability of exotic data types for which traditional neural network architectures are not well suited. Our goal in this paper is to generalize convolutional neural networks (CNN) to the manifold-valued image case which arises commonly in medical imaging and computer vision applications. Explicitly, the input data to the network is an image where each pixel value is a sample from a Riemannian manifold. To achieve this goal, we must generalize the basic building block of traditional CNN architectures, namely, the weighted combinations operation. To this end, we develop a tangent space combination operation which is used to define a convolution operation on manifold-valued images that we call, the Manifold-Valued Convolution (MVC). We prove theoretical properties of the MVC operation, including equivariance to the action of the isometry group admitted by the manifold and characterizing when compositions of MVC layers collapse to a single layer. We present a detailed description of how to use MVC layers to build full, multi-layer neural networks that operate on manifold-valued images, which we call the MVC-net. Further, we empirically demonstrate superior performance of the MVC-nets in medical imaging and computer vision tasks. 
### 26.MRI Super-Resolution with GAN and 3D Multi-Level DenseNet: Smaller, Faster, and Better  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01217.pdf)
>  High-resolution (HR) magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) provides detailed anatomical information that is critical for diagnosis in the clinical application. However, HR MRI typically comes at the cost of long scan time, small spatial coverage, and low signal-to-noise ratio (SNR). Recent studies showed that with a deep convolutional neural network (CNN), HR generic images could be recovered from low-resolution (LR) inputs via single image super-resolution (SISR) approaches. Additionally, previous works have shown that a deep 3D CNN can generate high-quality SR MRIs by using learned image priors. However, 3D CNN with deep structures, have a large number of parameters and are computationally expensive. In this paper, we propose a novel 3D CNN architecture, namely a multi-level densely connected super-resolution network (mDCSRN), which is light-weight, fast and accurate. We also show that with the generative adversarial network (GAN)-guided training, the mDCSRN-GAN provides appealing sharp SR images with rich texture details that are highly comparable with the referenced HR images. Our results from experiments on a large public dataset with 1,113 subjects showed that this new architecture outperformed other popular deep learning methods in recovering 4x resolution-downgraded images in both quality and speed. 
### 27.Energy-efficient and Robust Cumulative Training with Net2Net Transformation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01204.pdf)
>  Deep learning has achieved state-of-the-art accuracies on several computer vision tasks. However, the computational and energy requirements associated with training such deep neural networks can be quite high. In this paper, we propose a cumulative training strategy with Net2Net transformation that achieves training computational efficiency without incurring large accuracy loss, in comparison to a model trained from scratch. We achieve this by first training a small network (with lesser parameters) on a small subset of the original dataset, and then gradually expanding the network using Net2Net transformation to train incrementally on larger subsets of the dataset. This incremental training strategy with Net2Net utilizes function-preserving transformations that transfers knowledge from each previous small network to the next larger network, thereby, reducing the overall training complexity. Our experiments demonstrate that compared with training from scratch, cumulative training yields ~2x reduction in computational complexity for training TinyImageNet using VGG19 at iso-accuracy. Besides training efficiency, a key advantage of our cumulative training strategy is that we can perform pruning during Net2Net expansion to obtain a final network with optimal configuration (~0.4x lower inference compute complexity) compared to conventional training from scratch. We also demonstrate that the final network obtained from cumulative training yields better generalization performance and noise robustness. Further, we show that mutual inference from all the networks created with cumulative Net2Net expansion enables improved adversarial input detection. 
### 28.DEEVA: A Deep Learning and IoT Based Computer Vision System to Address Safety and Security of Production Sites in Energy Industry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01196.pdf)
>  When it comes to addressing the safety/security related needs at different production/construction sites, accurate detection of the presence of workers, vehicles, equipment important and formed an integral part of computer vision-based surveillance systems (CVSS). Traditional CVSS systems focus on the use of different computer vision and pattern recognition algorithms overly reliant on manual extraction of features and small datasets, limiting their usage because of low accuracy, need for expert knowledge and high computational costs. The main objective of this paper is to provide decision makers at sites with a practical yet comprehensive deep learning and IoT based solution to tackle various computer vision related problems such as scene classification, object detection in scenes, semantic segmentation, scene captioning etc. Our overarching goal is to address the central question of What is happening at this site and where is it happening in an automated fashion minimizing the need for human resources dedicated to surveillance. We developed Deep ExxonMobil Eye for Video Analysis (DEEVA) package to handle scene classification, object detection, semantic segmentation and captioning of scenes in a hierarchical approach. The results reveal that transfer learning with the RetinaNet object detector is able to detect the presence of workers, different types of vehicles/construction equipment, safety related objects at a high level of accuracy (above 90%). With the help of deep learning to automatically extract features and IoT technology to automatic capture, transfer and process vast amount of realtime images, this framework is an important step towards the development of intelligent surveillance systems aimed at addressing myriads of open ended problems in the realm of security/safety monitoring, productivity assessments and future decision making. 
### 29.LiDARNet: A Boundary-Aware Domain Adaptation Model for Lidar Point Cloud Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01174.pdf)
>  We present a boundary-aware domain adaptation model for Lidar point cloud semantic segmentation. Our model is designed to extract both the domain private features and the domain shared features using shared weight. We embedded Gated-SCNN into the shared features extractors to help it learn boundary information while learning other shared features. Besides, the CycleGAN mechanism is imposed for further adaptation. We conducted experiments on real-world datasets. The source domain data is from the Semantic KITTI dataset, and the target domain data is collected from our own platform (a warthog) in off-road as well as urban scenarios. The two datasets have differences in channel distributions, reflectivity distributions, and sensors setup. Using our approach, we are able to get a single model that can work on both domains. The model is capable of achieving the state of art performance on the source domain (Semantic KITTI dataset) and get 44.0\% mIoU on the target domain dataset. 
### 30.Understanding Contexts Inside Robot and Human Manipulation Tasks through a Vision-Language Model and Ontology System in a Video Stream  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01163.pdf)
>  Manipulation tasks in daily life, such as pouring water, unfold intentionally under specialized manipulation contexts. Being able to process contextual knowledge in these Activities of Daily Living (ADLs) over time can help us understand manipulation intentions, which are essential for an intelligent robot to transition smoothly between various manipulation actions. In this paper, to model the intended concepts of manipulation, we present a vision dataset under a strictly constrained knowledge domain for both robot and human manipulations, where manipulation concepts and relations are stored by an ontology system in a taxonomic manner. Furthermore, we propose a scheme to generate a combination of visual attentions and an evolving knowledge graph filled with commonsense knowledge. Our scheme works with real-world camera streams and fuses an attention-based Vision-Language model with the ontology system. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed scheme can successfully represent the evolution of an intended object manipulation procedure for both robots and humans. The proposed scheme allows the robot to mimic human-like intentional behaviors by watching real-time videos. We aim to develop this scheme further for real-world robot intelligence in Human-Robot Interaction. 
### 31.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Mammogram Image Classification: A Promising Tool for Model Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01111.pdf)
>  Generalization is one of the key challenges in the clinical validation and application of deep learning models to medical images. Studies have shown that such models trained on publicly available datasets often do not work well on real-world clinical data due to the differences in patient population and image device configurations. Also, manually annotating clinical images is expensive. In this work, we propose an unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) method using Cycle-GAN to improve the generalization ability of the model without using any additional manual annotations. 
### 32.Learning from Suspected Target: Bootstrapping Performance for Breast Cancer Detection in Mammography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01109.pdf)
>  Deep learning object detection algorithm has been widely used in medical image analysis. Currently all the object detection tasks are based on the data annotated with object classes and their bounding boxes. On the other hand, medical images such as mammography usually contain normal regions or objects that are similar to the lesion region, and may be misclassified in the testing stage if they are not taken care of. In this paper, we address such problem by introducing a novel top likelihood loss together with a new sampling procedure to select and train the suspected target regions, as well as proposing a similarity loss to further identify suspected targets from targets. Mean average precision (mAP) according to the predicted targets and specificity, sensitivity, accuracy, AUC values according to classification of patients are adopted for performance comparisons. We firstly test our proposed method on a private dense mammogram dataset. Results show that our proposed method greatly reduce the false positive rate and the specificity is increased by 0.25 on detecting mass type cancer. It is worth mention that dense breast typically has a higher risk for developing breast cancers and also are harder for cancer detection in diagnosis, and our method outperforms a reported result from performance of radiologists. Our method is also validated on the public Digital Database for Screening Mammography (DDSM) dataset, brings significant improvement on mass type cancer detection and outperforms the most state-of-the-art work. 
### 33.Reliable evaluation of adversarial robustness with an ensemble of diverse parameter-free attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01690.pdf)
>  The field of defense strategies against adversarial attacks has significantly grown over the last years, but progress is hampered as the evaluation of adversarial defenses is often insufficient and thus gives a wrong impression of robustness. Many promising defenses could be broken later on, making it difficult to identify the state-of-the-art. Frequent pitfalls in the evaluation are improper tuning of hyperparameters of the attacks, gradient obfuscation or masking. In this paper we first propose two extensions of the PGD-attack overcoming failures due to suboptimal step size and problems of the objective function. We then combine our novel attacks with two complementary existing ones to form a parameter-free, computationally affordable and user-independent ensemble of attacks to test adversarial robustness. We apply our ensemble to over 40 models from papers published at recent top machine learning and computer vision venues. In all except one of the cases we achieve lower robust test accuracy than reported in these papers, often by more than $10\%$, identifying several broken defenses. 
### 34.Compact Surjective Encoding Autoencoder for Unsupervised Novelty Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01665.pdf)
>  In unsupervised novelty detection, a model is trained solely on the in-class data, and infer to single out out-class data. Autoencoder (AE) variants aim to compactly model the in-class data to reconstruct it exclusively, differentiating it from out-class by the reconstruction error. However, imposing compactness improperly may damage in-class reconstruction and, therefore, detection performance. To solve this, we propose Compact Surjective Encoding AE (CSE-AE). In this model, the encoding of any input is constrained into a compact manifold by exploiting the deep neural net's ignorance of the unknown. Concurrently, the in-class data is surjectively encoded to the compact manifold via AE. The mechanism is realized by both GAN and its ensembled discriminative layers, and results to reconstruct the in-class exclusively. In inference, the reconstruction error of a query is measured using high-level semantics captured by the discriminator. Extensive experiments on image data show that the proposed model gives state-of-the-art performance. 
### 35.BUSU-Net: An Ensemble U-Net Framework for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01581.pdf)
>  In recent years, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have revolutionized medical image analysis. One of the most well-known CNN architectures in semantic segmentation is the U-net, which has achieved much success in several medical image segmentation applications. Also more recently, with the rise of autoML ad advancements in neural architecture search (NAS), methods like NAS-Unet have been proposed for NAS in medical image segmentation. In this paper, with inspiration from LadderNet, U-Net, autoML and NAS, we propose an ensemble deep neural network with an underlying U-Net framework consisting of bi-directional convolutional LSTMs and dense connections, where the first (from left) U-Net-like network is deeper than the second (from left). We show that this ensemble network outperforms recent state-of-the-art networks in several evaluation metrics, and also evaluate a lightweight version of this ensemble network, which also outperforms recent state-of-the-art networks in some evaluation metrics. 
### 36.XGPT: Cross-modal Generative Pre-Training for Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01473.pdf)
>  While many BERT-based cross-modal pre-trained models produce excellent results on downstream understanding tasks like image-text retrieval and VQA, they cannot be applied to generation tasks directly. In this paper, we propose XGPT, a new method of Cross-modal Generative Pre-Training for Image Captioning that is designed to pre-train text-to-image caption generators through three novel generation tasks, including Image-conditioned Masked Language Modeling (IMLM), Image-conditioned Denoising Autoencoding (IDA), and Text-conditioned Image Feature Generation (TIFG). As a result, the pre-trained XGPT can be fine-tuned without any task-specific architecture modifications to create state-of-the-art models for image captioning. Experiments show that XGPT obtains new state-of-the-art results on the benchmark datasets, including COCO Captions and Flickr30k Captions. We also use XGPT to generate new image captions as data augmentation for the image retrieval task and achieve significant improvement on all recall metrics. 
### 37.Curriculum By Texture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01367.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have shown impressive performance in computer vision tasks such as image classification and segmentation. One factor for the success of CNNs is that they have an inductive bias that assumes a certain type of spatial structure is present in the data. Recent work by Geirhos et al. (2018) shows how learning in CNNs causes the learned CNN models to be biased towards high-frequency textural information, compared to low-frequency shape information in images. Many tasks generally requires both shape and textural information. Hence, we propose a simple curriculum based scheme which improves the ability of CNNs to be less biased towards textural information, and at the same time, being able to represent both the shape and textural information. We propose to augment the training of CNNs by controlling the amount of textural information that is available to the CNNs during the training process, by convolving the output of a CNN layer with a low-pass filter, or simply a Gaussian kernel. By reducing the standard deviation of the Gaussian kernel, we are able to gradually increase the amount of textural information available as training progresses, and hence reduce the texture bias. Such an augmented training scheme significantly improves the performance of CNNs on various image classification tasks, while adding no additional trainable parameters or auxiliary regularization objectives. We also observe significant improvements when using the trained CNNs to perform transfer learning on a different dataset, and transferring to a different task which shows how the learned CNNs using the proposed method act as better feature extractors. 
### 38.Shape analysis via inconsistent surface registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01357.pdf)
>  In this work, we develop a framework for shape analysis using inconsistent surface mapping. Traditional landmark-based geometric morphometrics methods suffer from the limited degrees of freedom, while most of the more advanced non-rigid surface mapping methods rely on a strong assumption of the global consistency of two surfaces. From a practical point of view, given two anatomical surfaces with prominent feature landmarks, it is more desirable to have a method that automatically detects the most relevant parts of the two surfaces and finds the optimal landmark-matching alignment between those parts, without assuming any global 1-1 correspondence between the two surfaces. Our method is capable of solving this problem using inconsistent surface registration based on quasi-conformal theory. It further enables us to quantify the dissimilarity of two shapes using quasi-conformal distortion and differences in mean and Gaussian curvatures, thereby providing a natural way for shape classification. Experiments on Platyrrhine molars demonstrate the effectiveness of our method and shed light on the interplay between function and shape in nature. 
### 39.DDU-Nets: Distributed Dense Model for 3D MRI Brain Tumor Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01337.pdf)
>  Segmentation of brain tumors and their subregions remains a challenging task due to their weak features and deformable shapes. In this paper, three patterns (cross-skip, skip-1 and skip-2) of distributed dense connections (DDCs) are proposed to enhance feature reuse and propagation of CNNs by constructing tunnels between key layers of the network. For better detecting and segmenting brain tumors from multi-modal 3D MR images, CNN-based models embedded with DDCs (DDU-Nets) are trained efficiently from pixel to pixel with a limited number of parameters. Postprocessing is then applied to refine the segmentation results by reducing the false-positive samples. The proposed method is evaluated on the BraTS 2019 dataset with results demonstrating the effectiveness of the DDU-Nets while requiring less computational cost. 
### 40.Visualizing intestines for diagnostic assistance of ileus based on intestinal region segmentation from 3D CT images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01290.pdf)
>  This paper presents a visualization method of intestine (the small and large intestines) regions and their stenosed parts caused by ileus from CT volumes. Since it is difficult for non-expert clinicians to find stenosed parts, the intestine and its stenosed parts should be visualized intuitively. Furthermore, the intestine regions of ileus cases are quite hard to be segmented. The proposed method segments intestine regions by 3D FCN (3D U-Net). Intestine regions are quite difficult to be segmented in ileus cases since the inside the intestine is filled with fluids. These fluids have similar intensities with intestinal wall on 3D CT volumes. We segment the intestine regions by using 3D U-Net trained by a weak annotation approach. Weak-annotation makes possible to train the 3D U-Net with small manually-traced label images of the intestine. This avoids us to prepare many annotation labels of the intestine that has long and winding shape. Each intestine segment is volume-rendered and colored based on the distance from its endpoint in volume rendering. Stenosed parts (disjoint points of an intestine segment) can be easily identified on such visualization. In the experiments, we showed that stenosed parts were intuitively visualized as endpoints of segmented regions, which are colored by red or blue. 
### 41.A Deep learning Approach to Generate Contrast-Enhanced Computerised Tomography Angiography without the Use of Intravenous Contrast Agents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01223.pdf)
>  Contrast-enhanced computed tomography angiograms (CTAs) are widely used in cardiovascular imaging to obtain a non-invasive view of arterial structures. However, contrast agents are associated with complications at the injection site as well as renal toxicity leading to contrast-induced nephropathy (CIN) and renal failure. We hypothesised that the raw data acquired from a non-contrast CT contains sufficient information to differentiate blood and other soft tissue components. We utilised deep learning methods to define the subtleties between soft tissue components in order to simulate contrast enhanced CTAs without contrast agents. Twenty-six patients with paired non-contrast and CTA images were randomly selected from an approved clinical study. Non-contrast axial slices within the AAA from 10 patients (n = 100) were sampled for the underlying Hounsfield unit (HU) distribution at the lumen, intra-luminal thrombus and interface locations. Sampling of HUs in these regions revealed significant differences between all regions (p&lt;0.001 for all comparisons), confirming the intrinsic differences in the radiomic signatures between these regions. To generate a large training dataset, paired axial slices from the training set (n=13) were augmented to produce a total of 23,551 2-D images. We trained a 2-D Cycle Generative Adversarial Network (cycleGAN) for this non-contrast to contrast (NC2C) transformation task. The accuracy of the cycleGAN output was assessed by comparison to the contrast image. This pipeline is able to differentiate between visually incoherent soft tissue regions in non-contrast CT images. The CTAs generated from the non-contrast images bear strong resemblance to the ground truth. Here we describe a novel application of Generative Adversarial Network for CT image processing. This is poised to disrupt clinical pathways requiring contrast enhanced CT imaging. 
### 42.RandomNet: Towards Fully Automatic Neural Architecture Design for Multimodal Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01181.pdf)
>  Almost all neural architecture search methods are evaluated in terms of performance (i.e. test accuracy) of the model structures that it finds. Should it be the only metric for a good autoML approach? To examine aspects beyond performance, we propose a set of criteria aimed at evaluating the core of autoML problem: the amount of human intervention required to deploy these methods into real world scenarios. Based on our proposed evaluation checklist, we study the effectiveness of a random search strategy for fully automated multimodal neural architecture search. Compared to traditional methods that rely on manually crafted feature extractors, our method selects each modality from a large search space with minimal human supervision. We show that our proposed random search strategy performs close to the state of the art on the AV-MNIST dataset while meeting the desirable characteristics for a fully automated design process. 
