# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 10 Mar 2020
### 1.Multi-modal Self-Supervision from Generalized Data Transformations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04298.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning has advanced rapidly, with several results beating supervised models for pre-training feature representations. While the focus of most of these works has been new loss functions or tasks, little attention has been given to the data transformations that build the foundation of learning representations with desirable invariances. In this work, we introduce a framework for multi-modal data transformations that preserve semantics and induce the learning of high-level representations across modalities. We do this by combining two steps: inter-modality slicing, and intra-modality augmentation. Using a contrastive loss as the training task, we show that choosing the right transformations is key and that our method yields state-of-the-art results on downstream video and audio classification tasks such as HMDB51, UCF101 and DCASE2014 with Kinetics-400 pretraining. 
### 2.Improved Baselines with Momentum Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04297.pdf)
>  Contrastive unsupervised learning has recently shown encouraging progress, e.g., in Momentum Contrast (MoCo) and SimCLR. In this note, we verify the effectiveness of two of SimCLR's design improvements by implementing them in the MoCo framework. With simple modifications to MoCo---namely, using an MLP projection head and more data augmentation---we establish stronger baselines that outperform SimCLR and do not require large training batches. We hope this will make state-of-the-art unsupervised learning research more accessible. Code will be made public. 
### 3.Knowledge distillation via adaptive instance normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04289.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of model compression via knowledge distillation. To this end, we propose a new knowledge distillation method based on transferring feature statistics, specifically the channel-wise mean and variance, from the teacher to the student. Our method goes beyond the standard way of enforcing the mean and variance of the student to be similar to those of the teacher through an $L_2$ loss, which we found it to be of limited effectiveness. Specifically, we propose a new loss based on adaptive instance normalization to effectively transfer the feature statistics. The main idea is to transfer the learned statistics back to the teacher via adaptive instance normalization (conditioned on the student) and let the teacher network "evaluate" via a loss whether the statistics learned by the student are reliably transferred. We show that our distillation method outperforms other state-of-the-art distillation methods over a large set of experimental settings including different (a) network architectures, (b) teacher-student capacities, (c) datasets, and (d) domains. 
### 4.Restore from Restored: Video Restoration with Pseudo Clean Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04279.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a self-supervised video denoising method called "restore-from-restored" that fine-tunes a baseline network by using a pseudo clean video at the test phase. The pseudo clean video can be obtained by applying an input noisy video to the pre-trained baseline network. By adopting a fully convolutional network (FCN) as the baseline, we can restore videos without accurate optical flow and registration due to its translation-invariant property unlike many conventional video restoration methods. Moreover, the proposed method can take advantage of the existence of many similar patches across consecutive frames (i.e., patch-recurrence), which can boost performance of the baseline network by a large margin. We analyze the restoration performance of the FCN fine-tuned with the proposed self-supervision-based training algorithm, and demonstrate that FCN can utilize recurring patches without the need for registration among adjacent frames. The proposed method can be applied to any FCN-based denoising models. In our experiments, we apply the proposed method to the state-of-the-art denoisers, and our results indicate a considerable improvementin task performance. 
### 5.Cascaded Human-Object Interaction Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04262.pdf)
>  Rapid progress has been witnessed for human-object interaction (HOI) recognition, but most existing models are confined to single-stage reasoning pipelines. Considering the intrinsic complexity of the task, we introduce a cascade architecture for a multi-stage, coarse-to-fine HOI understanding. At each stage, an instance localization network progressively refines HOI proposals and feeds them into an interaction recognition network. Each of the two networks is also connected to its predecessor at the previous stage, enabling cross-stage information propagation. The interaction recognition network has two crucial parts: a relation ranking module for high-quality HOI proposal selection and a triple-stream classifier for relation prediction. With our carefully-designed human-centric relation features, these two modules work collaboratively towards effective interaction understanding. Further beyond relation detection on a bounding-box level, we make our framework flexible to perform fine-grained pixel-wise relation segmentation; this provides a new glimpse into better relation modeling. Our approach reached the $1^{st}$ place in the ICCV2019 Person in Context Challenge, on both relation detection and segmentation tasks. It also shows promising results on V-COCO. 
### 6.SOIC: Semantic Online Initialization and Calibration for LiDAR and Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04260.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel semantic-based online extrinsic calibration approach, SOIC (so, I see), for Light Detection and Ranging (LiDAR) and camera sensors. Previous online calibration methods usually need prior knowledge of rough initial values for optimization. The proposed approach removes this limitation by converting the initialization problem to a Perspective-n-Point (PnP) problem with the introduction of semantic centroids (SCs). The closed-form solution of this PnP problem has been well researched and can be found with existing PnP methods. Since the semantic centroid of the point cloud usually does not accurately match with that of the corresponding image, the accuracy of parameters are not improved even after a nonlinear refinement process. Thus, a cost function based on the constraint of the correspondence between semantic elements from both point cloud and image data is formulated. Subsequently, optimal extrinsic parameters are estimated by minimizing the cost function. We evaluate the proposed method either with GT or predicted semantics on KITTI dataset. Experimental results and comparisons with the baseline method verify the feasibility of the initialization strategy and the accuracy of the calibration approach. In addition, we release the source code at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/--/SOIC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 7.Motion-Attentive Transition for Zero-Shot Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04253.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel Motion-Attentive Transition Network (MATNet) for zero-shot video object segmentation, which provides a new way of leveraging motion information to reinforce spatio-temporal object representation. An asymmetric attention block, called Motion-Attentive Transition (MAT), is designed within a two-stream encoder, which transforms appearance features into motion-attentive representations at each convolutional stage. In this way, the encoder becomes deeply interleaved, allowing for closely hierarchical interactions between object motion and appearance. This is superior to the typical two-stream architecture, which treats motion and appearance separately in each stream and often suffers from overfitting to appearance information. Additionally, a bridge network is proposed to obtain a compact, discriminative and scale-sensitive representation for multi-level encoder features, which is further fed into a decoder to achieve segmentation results. Extensive experiments on three challenging public benchmarks (i.e. DAVIS-16, FBMS and Youtube-Objects) show that our model achieves compelling performance against the state-of-the-arts. 
### 8.Hierarchical Kinematic Human Mesh Recovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04232.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of estimating a parametric model of 3D human mesh from a single image. While there has been substantial recent progress in this area with direct regression of model parameters, these methods only implicitly exploit the human body kinematic structure, leading to sub-optimal use of the model prior. In this work, we address this gap by proposing a new technique for regression of human parametric model that is explicitly informed by the known hierarchical structure, including joint interdependencies of the model. This results in a strong prior-informed design of the regressor architecture and an associated hierarchical optimization that is flexible to be used in conjunction with the current standard frameworks for 3D human mesh recovery. We demonstrate these aspects by means of extensive experiments on standard benchmark datasets, showing how our proposed new design outperforms several existing and popular methods, establishing new state-of-the-art results. With our explicit consideration of joint interdependencies, our proposed method is equipped to infer joints even under data corruptions, which we demonstrate with experiments under varying degrees of occlusion. 
### 9.Semantic Object Prediction and Spatial Sound Super-Resolution with Binaural Sounds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04210.pdf)
>  Humans can robustly recognize and localize objects by integrating visual and auditory cues. While machines are able to do the same now with images, less work has been done with sounds. This work develops an approach for dense semantic labelling of sound-making objects, purely based on binaural sounds. We propose a novel sensor setup and record a new audio-visual dataset of street scenes with eight professional binaural microphones and a 360 degree camera. The co-existence of visual and audio cues is leveraged for supervision transfer. In particular, we employ a cross-modal distillation framework that consists of a vision `teacher' method and a sound `student' method -- the student method is trained to generate the same results as the teacher method. This way, the auditory system can be trained without using human annotations. We also propose two auxiliary tasks namely, a) a novel task on Spatial Sound Super-resolution to increase the spatial resolution of sounds, and b) dense depth prediction of the scene. We then formulate the three tasks into one end-to-end trainable multi-tasking network aiming to boost the overall performance. Experimental results on the dataset show that 1) our method achieves promising results for semantic prediction and the two auxiliary tasks; and 2) the three tasks are mutually beneficial -- training them together achieves the best performance and 3) the number and orientations of microphones are both important. The data and code will be released to facilitate the research in this new direction. 
### 10.Domain Adversarial Training for Infrared-colour Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04191.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (re-ID) is a very active area of research in computer vision, due to the role it plays in video surveillance. Currently, most methods only address the task of matching between colour images. However, in poorly-lit environments CCTV cameras switch to infrared imaging, hence developing a system which can correctly perform matching between infrared and colour images is a necessity. In this paper, we propose a part-feature extraction network to better focus on subtle, unique signatures on the person which are visible across both infrared and colour modalities. To train the model we propose a novel variant of the domain adversarial feature-learning framework. Through extensive experimentation, we show that our approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods. 
### 11.BirdNet+: End-to-End 3D Object Detection in LiDAR Bird's Eye View  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04188.pdf)
>  On-board 3D object detection in autonomous vehicles often relies on geometry information captured by LiDAR devices. Albeit image features are typically preferred for detection, numerous approaches take only spatial data as input. Exploiting this information in inference usually involves the use of compact representations such as the Bird's Eye View (BEV) projection, which entails a loss of information and thus hinders the joint inference of all the parameters of the objects' 3D boxes. In this paper, we present a fully end-to-end 3D object detection framework that can infer oriented 3D boxes solely from BEV images by using a two-stage object detector and ad-hoc regression branches, eliminating the need for a post-processing stage. The method outperforms its predecessor (BirdNet) by a large margin and obtains state-of-the-art results on the KITTI 3D Object Detection Benchmark for all the categories in evaluation. 
### 12.Embedding Propagation: Smoother Manifold for Few-Shot Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04151.pdf)
>  Few-shot classification is challenging because the data distribution of the training set can be widely different to the distribution of the test set as their classes are disjoint. This distribution shift often results in poor generalization. Manifold smoothing has been shown to address the distribution shift problem by extending the decision boundaries and reducing the noise of the class representations. Moreover, manifold smoothness is a key factor for semi-supervised learning and transductive learning algorithms. In this work, we present embedding propagation as an unsupervised non-parametric regularizer for manifold smoothing. Embedding propagation leverages interpolations between the extracted features of a neural network based on a similarity graph. We empirically show that embedding propagation yields a smoother embedding manifold. We also show that incorporating embedding propagation to a transductive classifier leads to new state-of-the-art results in mini-Imagenet, tiered-Imagenet, and CUB. Furthermore, we show that embedding propagation results in additional improvement in performance for semi-supervised learning scenarios. 
### 13.Accurate Temporal Action Proposal Generation with Relation-Aware Pyramid Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04145.pdf)
>  Accurate temporal action proposals play an important role in detecting actions from untrimmed videos. The existing approaches have difficulties in capturing global contextual information and simultaneously localizing actions with different durations. To this end, we propose a Relation-aware pyramid Network (RapNet) to generate highly accurate temporal action proposals. In RapNet, a novel relation-aware module is introduced to exploit bi-directional long-range relations between local features for context distilling. This embedded module enhances the RapNet in terms of its multi-granularity temporal proposal generation ability, given predefined anchor boxes. We further introduce a two-stage adjustment scheme to refine the proposal boundaries and measure their confidence in containing an action with snippet-level actionness. Extensive experiments on the challenging ActivityNet and THUMOS14 benchmarks demonstrate our RapNet generates superior accurate proposals over the existing state-of-the-art methods. 
### 14.iFAN: Image-Instance Full Alignment Networks for Adaptive Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04132.pdf)
>  Training an object detector on a data-rich domain and applying it to a data-poor one with limited performance drop is highly attractive in industry, because it saves huge annotation cost. Recent research on unsupervised domain adaptive object detection has verified that aligning data distributions between source and target images through adversarial learning is very useful. The key is when, where and how to use it to achieve best practice. We propose Image-Instance Full Alignment Networks (iFAN) to tackle this problem by precisely aligning feature distributions on both image and instance levels: 1) Image-level alignment: multi-scale features are roughly aligned by training adversarial domain classifiers in a hierarchically-nested fashion. 2) Full instance-level alignment: deep semantic information and elaborate instance representations are fully exploited to establish a strong relationship among categories and domains. Establishing these correlations is formulated as a metric learning problem by carefully constructing instance pairs. Above-mentioned adaptations can be integrated into an object detector (e.g. Faster RCNN), resulting in an end-to-end trainable framework where multiple alignments can work collaboratively in a coarse-tofine manner. In two domain adaptation tasks: synthetic-to-real (SIM10K-&gt;Cityscapes) and normal-to-foggy weather (Cityscapes-&gt;Foggy Cityscapes), iFAN outperforms the state-of-the-art methods with a boost of 10%+ AP over the source-only baseline. 
### 15.The Utility of Feature Reuse: Transfer Learning in Data-Starved Regimes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04117.pdf)
>  The use of transfer learning with deep neural networks has increasingly become widespread for deploying well-tested computer vision systems to newer domains, especially those with limited datasets. We describe a transfer learning use case for a domain with a data-starved regime, having fewer than 100 labeled target samples. We evaluate the effectiveness of convolutional feature extraction and fine-tuning of overparameterized models with respect to the size of target training data, as well as their generalization performance on data with covariate shift, or out-of-distribution (OOD) data. Our experiments show that both overparameterization and feature reuse contribute to successful application of transfer learning in training image classifiers in data-starved regimes. 
### 16.Hazard Detection in Supermarkets using Deep Learning on the Edge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04116.pdf)
>  Supermarkets need to ensure clean and safe environments for both shoppers and employees. Slips, trips, and falls can result in injuries that have a physical as well as financial cost. Timely detection of hazardous conditions such as spilled liquids or fallen items on supermarket floors can reduce the chances of serious injuries. This paper presents EdgeLite, a novel, lightweight deep learning model for easy deployment and inference on resource-constrained devices. We describe the use of EdgeLite on two edge devices for detecting supermarket floor hazards. On a hazard detection dataset that we developed, EdgeLite, when deployed on edge devices, outperformed six state-of-the-art object detection models in terms of accuracy while having comparable memory usage and inference time. 
### 17.A Strong Baseline for Fashion Retrieval with Person Re-Identification Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04094.pdf)
>  Fashion retrieval is the challenging task of finding an exact match for fashion items contained within an image. Difficulties arise from the fine-grained nature of clothing items, very large intra-class and inter-class variance. Additionally, query and source images for the task usually come from different domains - street photos and catalogue photos respectively. Due to these differences, a significant gap in quality, lighting, contrast, background clutter and item presentation exists between domains. As a result, fashion retrieval is an active field of research both in academia and the industry. <br>Inspired by recent advancements in Person Re-Identification research, we adapt leading ReID models to be used in fashion retrieval tasks. We introduce a simple baseline model for fashion retrieval, significantly outperforming previous state-of-the-art results despite a much simpler architecture. We conduct in-depth experiments on Street2Shop and DeepFashion datasets and validate our results. Finally, we propose a cross-domain (cross-dataset) evaluation method to test the robustness of fashion retrieval models. 
### 18.Searching Central Difference Convolutional Networks for Face Anti-Spoofing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04092.pdf)
>  Face anti-spoofing (FAS) plays a vital role in face recognition systems. Most state-of-the-art FAS methods 1) rely on stacked convolutions and expert-designed network, which is weak in describing detailed fine-grained information and easily being ineffective when the environment varies (e.g., different illumination), and 2) prefer to use long sequence as input to extract dynamic features, making them difficult to deploy into scenarios which need quick response. Here we propose a novel frame level FAS method based on Central Difference Convolution (CDC), which is able to capture intrinsic detailed patterns via aggregating both intensity and gradient information. A network built with CDC, called the Central Difference Convolutional Network (CDCN), is able to provide more robust modeling capacity than its counterpart built with vanilla convolution. Furthermore, over a specifically designed CDC search space, Neural Architecture Search (NAS) is utilized to discover a more powerful network structure (CDCN++), which can be assembled with Multiscale Attention Fusion Module (MAFM) for further boosting performance. Comprehensive experiments are performed on six benchmark datasets to show that 1) the proposed method not only achieves superior performance on intra-dataset testing (especially 0.2% ACER in Protocol-1 of OULU-NPU dataset), 2) it also generalizes well on cross-dataset testing (particularly 6.5% HTER from CASIA-MFSD to Replay-Attack datasets). The codes are available at \href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZitongYu/CDCN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZitongYu/CDCN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
### 19.When Person Re-identification Meets Changing Clothes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04070.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (Reid) is now an active research topic for AI-based video surveillance applications such as specific person search, but the practical issue that the target person(s) may change clothes (clothes inconsistency problem) has been overlooked for long. For the first time, this paper systematically studies this problem. We first overcome the difficulty of lack of suitable dataset, by collecting a small yet representative real dataset for testing whilst building a large realistic synthetic dataset for training and deeper studies. Facilitated by our new datasets, we are able to conduct various interesting new experiments for studying the influence of clothes inconsistency. We find that changing clothes makes Reid a much harder problem in the sense of bringing difficulties to learning effective representations and also challenges the generalization ability of previous Reid models to identify persons with unseen (new) clothes. Representative existing Reid models are adopted to show informative results on such a challenging setting, and we also provide some preliminary efforts on improving the robustness of existing models on handling the clothes inconsistency issue in the data. We believe that this study can be inspiring and helpful for encouraging more researches in this direction. 
### 20.On the Texture Bias for Few-Shot CNN Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04052.pdf)
>  Despite the initial belief that Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are driven by shapes to perform visual recognition tasks, recent evidence suggests that texture bias in CNNs provides higher performing and more robust models. This contrasts with the perceptual bias in the human visual cortex, which has a stronger preference towards shape components. Perceptual differences may explain why CNNs achieve human-level performance when large labeled datasets are available, but their performance significantly degrades in low-labeled data scenarios, such as few-shot semantic segmentation. To remove the texture bias in the context of few-shot learning, we propose a novel architecture that integrates a set of difference of Gaussians (DoG) to attenuate high-frequency local components in the feature space. This produces a set of modified feature maps, whose high-frequency components are diminished at different standard deviation values of the Gaussian distribution in the spatial domain. As this results in multiple feature maps for a single image, we employ a bi-directional convolutional long-short-term-memory to efficiently merge the multi scale-space representations. We perform extensive experiments on two well-known few-shot segmentation benchmarks -Pascal i5 and FSS-1000- and demonstrate that our method outperforms significantly state-of-the-art approaches. The code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rezazad68/fewshot-segmentation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 21.Transformation-based Adversarial Video Prediction on Large-Scale Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04035.pdf)
>  Recent breakthroughs in adversarial generative modeling have led to models capable of producing video samples of high quality, even on large and complex datasets of real-world video. In this work, we focus on the task of video prediction, where given a sequence of frames extracted from a video, the goal is to generate a plausible future sequence. We first improve the state of the art by performing a systematic empirical study of discriminator decompositions and proposing an architecture that yields faster convergence and higher performance than previous approaches. We then analyze recurrent units in the generator, and propose a novel recurrent unit which transforms its past hidden state according to predicted motion-like features, and refines it to to handle dis-occlusions, scene changes and other complex behavior. We show that this recurrent unit consistently outperforms previous designs. Our final model leads to a leap in the state-of-the-art performance, obtaining a test set Frechet Video Distance of 25.7, down from 69.2, on the large-scale Kinetics-600 dataset. 
### 22.Learning Delicate Local Representations for Multi-Person Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04030.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel method called Residual Steps Network (RSN). RSN aggregates features with the same spatialsize (Intra-level features) efficiently to obtain delicate local representations, which retain rich low-level spatial information and result in pre-cise keypoint localization. In addition, we propose an efficient attention mechanism - Pose Refine Machine (PRM) to further refine the keypointlocations. Our approach won the 1st place of COCO Keypoint Challenge 2019 and achieves state-of-the-art results on both COCO and MPII benchmarks, without using extra training data and pretrained model. Our single model achieves 78.6 on COCO test-dev, 93.0 on MPII test dataset. Ensembled models achieve 79.2 on COCO test-dev, 77.1 on COCO test-challenge dataset. The source code is publicly available for further research at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/caiyuanhao1998/RSN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 23.Dense Dilated Convolutions Merging Network for Land Cover Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04027.pdf)
>  Land cover classification of remote sensing images is a challenging task due to limited amounts of annotated data, highly imbalanced classes, frequent incorrect pixel-level annotations, and an inherent complexity in the semantic segmentation task. In this article, we propose a novel architecture called the dense dilated convolutions' merging network (DDCM-Net) to address this task. The proposed DDCM-Net consists of dense dilated image convolutions merged with varying dilation rates. This effectively utilizes rich combinations of dilated convolutions that enlarge the network's receptive fields with fewer parameters and features compared with the state-of-the-art approaches in the remote sensing domain. Importantly, DDCM-Net obtains fused local- and global-context information, in effect incorporating surrounding discriminative capability for multiscale and complex-shaped objects with similar color and textures in very high-resolution aerial imagery. We demonstrate the effectiveness, robustness, and flexibility of the proposed DDCM-Net on the publicly available ISPRS Potsdam and Vaihingen data sets, as well as the DeepGlobe land cover data set. Our single model, trained on three-band Potsdam and Vaihingen data sets, achieves better accuracy in terms of both mean intersection over union (mIoU) and F1-score compared with other published models trained with more than three-band data. We further validate our model on the DeepGlobe data set, achieving state-of-the-art result 56.2% mIoU with much fewer parameters and at a lower computational cost compared with related recent work. Code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/samleoqh/DDCM-Semantic-Segmentation-PyTorch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 24.Context-Aware Domain Adaptation in Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04010.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider the problem of unsupervised domain adaptation in the semantic segmentation. There are two primary issues in this field, i.e., what and how to transfer domain knowledge across two domains. Existing methods mainly focus on adapting domain-invariant features (what to transfer) through adversarial learning (how to transfer). Context dependency is essential for semantic segmentation, however, its transferability is still not well understood. Furthermore, how to transfer contextual information across two domains remains unexplored. Motivated by this, we propose a cross-attention mechanism based on self-attention to capture context dependencies between two domains and adapt transferable context. To achieve this goal, we design two cross-domain attention modules to adapt context dependencies from both spatial and channel views. Specifically, the spatial attention module captures local feature dependencies between each position in the source and target image. The channel attention module models semantic dependencies between each pair of cross-domain channel maps. To adapt context dependencies, we further selectively aggregate the context information from two domains. The superiority of our method over existing state-of-the-art methods is empirically proved on "GTA5 to Cityscapes" and "SYNTHIA to Cityscapes". 
### 25.Pseudo-Convolutional Policy Gradient for Sequence-to-Sequence Lip-Reading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03983.pdf)
>  Lip-reading aims to infer the speech content from the lip movement sequence and can be seen as a typical sequence-to-sequence (seq2seq) problem which translates the input image sequence of lip movements to the text sequence of the speech content. However, the traditional learning process of seq2seq models always suffers from two problems: the exposure bias resulted from the strategy of "teacher-forcing", and the inconsistency between the discriminative optimization target (usually the cross-entropy loss) and the final evaluation metric (usually the character/word error rate). In this paper, we propose a novel pseudo-convolutional policy gradient (PCPG) based method to address these two problems. On the one hand, we introduce the evaluation metric (refers to the character error rate in this paper) as a form of reward to optimize the model together with the original discriminative target. On the other hand, inspired by the local perception property of convolutional operation, we perform a pseudo-convolutional operation on the reward and loss dimension, so as to take more context around each time step into account to generate a robust reward and loss for the whole optimization. Finally, we perform a thorough comparison and evaluation on both the word-level and sentence-level benchmarks. The results show a significant improvement over other related methods, and report either a new state-of-the-art performance or a competitive accuracy on all these challenging benchmarks, which clearly proves the advantages of our approach. 
### 26.Cross-View Tracking for Multi-Human 3D Pose Estimation at over 100 FPS  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03972.pdf)
>  Estimating 3D poses of multiple humans in real-time is a classic but still challenging task in computer vision. Its major difficulty lies in the ambiguity in cross-view association of 2D poses and the huge state space when there are multiple people in multiple views. In this paper, we present a novel solution for multi-human 3D pose estimation from multiple calibrated camera views. It takes 2D poses in different camera coordinates as inputs and aims for the accurate 3D poses in the global coordinate. Unlike previous methods that associate 2D poses among all pairs of views from scratch at every frame, we exploit the temporal consistency in videos to match the 2D inputs with 3D poses directly in 3-space. More specifically, we propose to retain the 3D pose for each person and update them iteratively via the cross-view multi-human tracking. This novel formulation improves both accuracy and efficiency, as we demonstrated on widely-used public datasets. To further verify the scalability of our method, we propose a new large-scale multi-human dataset with 12 to 28 camera views. Without bells and whistles, our solution achieves 154 FPS on 12 cameras and 34 FPS on 28 cameras, indicating its ability to handle large-scale real-world applications. The proposed dataset will be released soon. 
### 27.BiDet: An Efficient Binarized Object Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03961.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a binarized neural network learning method called BiDet for efficient object detection. Conventional network binarization methods directly quantize the weights and activations in one-stage or two-stage detectors with constrained representational capacity, so that the information redundancy in the networks causes numerous false positives and degrades the performance significantly. On the contrary, our BiDet fully utilizes the representational capacity of the binary neural networks for object detection by redundancy removal, through which the detection precision is enhanced with alleviated false positives. Specifically, we generalize the information bottleneck (IB) principle to object detection, where the amount of information in the high-level feature maps is constrained and the mutual information between the feature maps and object detection is maximized. Meanwhile, we learn sparse object priors so that the posteriors are concentrated on informative detection prediction with false positive elimination. Extensive experiments on the PASCAL VOC and COCO datasets show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art binary neural networks by a sizable margin. 
### 28.Cross-Modal Food Retrieval: Learning a Joint Embedding of Food Images and Recipes with Semantic Consistency and Attention Mechanism  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03955.pdf)
>  Cross-modal food retrieval is an important task to perform analysis of food-related information, such as food images and cooking recipes. The goal is to learn an embedding of images and recipes in a common feature space, so that precise matching can be realized. Compared with existing cross-modal retrieval approaches, two major challenges in this specific problem are: 1) the large intra-class variance across cross-modal food data; and 2) the difficulties in obtaining discriminative recipe representations. To address these problems, we propose Semantic-Consistent and Attention-based Networks (SCAN), which regularize the embeddings of the two modalities by aligning output semantic probabilities. In addition, we exploit self-attention mechanism to improve the embedding of recipes. We evaluate the performance of the proposed method on the large-scale Recipe1M dataset, and the result shows that it outperforms the state-of-the-art. 
### 29.Pacemaker: Intermediate Teacher Knowledge Distillation For On-The-Fly Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03944.pdf)
>  There is a need for an on-the-fly computational process with very low performance system such as system-on-chip (SoC) and embedded device etc. This paper presents pacemaker knowledge distillation as intermediate ensemble teacher to use convolutional neural network in these systems. For on-the-fly system, we consider student model using 1xN shape on-the-fly filter and teacher model using normal NxN shape filter. We note three points about training student model, caused by applying on-the-fly filter. First, same depth but unavoidable thin model compression. Second, the large capacity gap and parameter size gap due to only the horizontal field must be selected not the vertical receptive. Third, the performance instability and degradation of direct distilling. To solve these problems, we propose intermediate teacher, named pacemaker, for an on-the-fly student. So, student can be trained from pacemaker and original teacher step by step. Experiments prove our proposed method make significant performance (accuracy) improvements: on CIFAR100, 5.39% increased in WRN-40-4 than conventional knowledge distillation which shows even low performance than baseline. And we solve train instability, occurred when conventional knowledge distillation was applied without proposed method, by reducing deviation range by applying proposed method pacemaker knowledge distillation. 
### 30.MCMC Guided CNN Training and Segmentation for Pancreas Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03938.pdf)
>  Efficient organ segmentation is the precondition of various quantitative analysis. Segmenting the pancreas from abdominal CT images is a challenging task because of its high anatomical variability in shape, size and location. What's more, the pancreas only occupies a small portion in abdomen, and the organ border is very fuzzy. All these factors make the segmentation methods of other organs less suitable for the pancreas segmentation. In this report, we propose a Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) sampling guided convolutional neural network (CNN) approach, in order to handle such difficulties in morphological and photometric variabilities. Specifically, the proposed method mainly contains three steps: First, registration is carried out to mitigate the body weight and location variability. Then, an MCMC sampling is employed to guide the sampling of 3D patches, which are fed to the CNN for training. At the same time, the pancreas distribution is also learned for the subsequent segmentation. Third, sampled from the learned distribution, an MCMC process guides the segmentation process. Lastly, the patches based segmentation is fused using a Bayesian voting scheme. This method is evaluated on the NIH pancreatic datasets which contains 82 abdominal contrast-enhanced CT volumes. Finally, we achieved a competitive result of 78.13% Dice Similarity Coefficient value and 82.65% Recall value in testing data. 
### 31.Deconfounded Image Captioning: A Causal Retrospect  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03923.pdf)
>  The dataset bias in vision-language tasks is becoming one of the main problems that hinder the progress of our community. However, recent studies lack a principled analysis of the bias. In this paper, we present a novel perspective: Deconfounded Image Captioning (DIC), to find out the cause of the bias in image captioning, then retrospect modern neural image captioners, and finally propose a DIC framework: DICv1.0. DIC is based on causal inference, whose two principles: the backdoor and front-door adjustments, help us to review previous works and design the effective models. In particular, we showcase that DICv1.0 can strengthen two prevailing captioning models and achieves a single-model 130.7 CIDEr-D and 128.4 c40 CIDEr-D on Karpathy split and online split of the challenging MS-COCO dataset, respectively. Last but not least, DICv1.0 is merely a natural derivation from our causal retrospect, which opens a promising direction for image captioning. 
### 32.ROSE: Real One-Stage Effort to Detect the Fingerprint Singular Point Based on Multi-scale Spatial Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03918.pdf)
>  Detecting the singular point accurately and efficiently is one of the most important tasks for fingerprint recognition. In recent years, deep learning has been gradually used in the fingerprint singular point detection. However, current deep learning-based singular point detection methods are either two-stage or multi-stage, which makes them time-consuming. More importantly, their detection accuracy is yet unsatisfactory, especially in the case of the low-quality fingerprint. In this paper, we make a Real One-Stage Effort to detect fingerprint singular points more accurately and efficiently, and therefore we name the proposed algorithm ROSE for short, in which the multi-scale spatial attention, the Gaussian heatmap and the variant of focal loss are applied together to achieve a higher detection rate. Experimental results on the datasets FVC2002 DB1 and NIST SD4 show that our ROSE outperforms the state-of-art algorithms in terms of detection rate, false alarm rate and detection speed. 
### 33.FarSee-Net: Real-Time Semantic Segmentation by Efficient Multi-scale Context Aggregation and Feature Space Super-resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03913.pdf)
>  Real-time semantic segmentation is desirable in many robotic applications with limited computation resources. One challenge of semantic segmentation is to deal with the object scale variations and leverage the context. How to perform multi-scale context aggregation within limited computation budget is important. In this paper, firstly, we introduce a novel and efficient module called Cascaded Factorized Atrous Spatial Pyramid Pooling (CF-ASPP). It is a lightweight cascaded structure for Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) to efficiently leverage context information. On the other hand, for runtime efficiency, state-of-the-art methods will quickly decrease the spatial size of the inputs or feature maps in the early network stages. The final high-resolution result is usually obtained by non-parametric up-sampling operation (e.g. bilinear interpolation). Differently, we rethink this pipeline and treat it as a super-resolution process. We use optimized super-resolution operation in the up-sampling step and improve the accuracy, especially in sub-sampled input image scenario for real-time applications. By fusing the above two improvements, our methods provide better latency-accuracy trade-off than the other state-of-the-art methods. In particular, we achieve 68.4% mIoU at 84 fps on the Cityscapes test set with a single Nivida Titan X (Maxwell) GPU card. The proposed module can be plugged into any feature extraction CNN and benefits from the CNN structure development. 
### 34.Faster ILOD: Incremental Learning for Object Detectors based on Faster RCNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03901.pdf)
>  The human vision and perception system is inherently incremental where new knowledge is continually learned over time whilst existing knowledge is retained. On the other hand, deep learning networks are ill-equipped for incremental learning. When a well-trained network is adapted to new categories, its performance on the old categories will dramatically degrade. To address this problem, incremental learning methods have been explored to preserve the old knowledge of deep learning models. However, the state-of-the-art incremental object detector employs an external fixed region proposal method that increases overall computation time and reduces accuracy compared to object detectors such as Faster RCNN that use trainable Region Proposal Networks (RPNs). The purpose of this paper is to design an efficient end-to-end incremental object detector using knowledge distillation for object detectors based on RPNs. We first evaluate and analyze the performance of RPN-based detector with classic distillation towards incremental detection tasks. Then, we introduce multi-network adaptive distillation that properly retains knowledge from the old categories when fine-turning the model for new task. Experiments on the benchmark datasets, PASCAL VOC and COCO, demonstrate that the proposed incremental detector is more accurate as well as being 13 times faster than the baseline detector. 
### 35.An Empirical Evaluation on Robustness and Uncertainty of Regularization Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03879.pdf)
>  Despite apparent human-level performances of deep neural networks (DNN), they behave fundamentally differently from humans. They easily change predictions when small corruptions such as blur and noise are applied on the input (lack of robustness), and they often produce confident predictions on out-of-distribution samples (improper uncertainty measure). While a number of researches have aimed to address those issues, proposed solutions are typically expensive and complicated (e.g. Bayesian inference and adversarial training). Meanwhile, many simple and cheap regularization methods have been developed to enhance the generalization of classifiers. Such regularization methods have largely been overlooked as baselines for addressing the robustness and uncertainty issues, as they are not specifically designed for that. In this paper, we provide extensive empirical evaluations on the robustness and uncertainty estimates of image classifiers (CIFAR-100 and ImageNet) trained with state-of-the-art regularization methods. Furthermore, experimental results show that certain regularization methods can serve as strong baseline methods for robustness and uncertainty estimation of DNNs. 
### 36.FoCL: Feature-Oriented Continual Learning for Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03877.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a general framework in continual learning for generative models: Feature-oriented Continual Learning (FoCL). Unlike previous works that aim to solve the catastrophic forgetting problem by introducing regularization in the parameter space or image space, FoCL imposes regularization in the feature space. We show in our experiments that FoCL has faster adaptation to distributional changes in sequentially arriving tasks, and achieves the state-of-the-art performance for generative models in task incremental learning. We discuss choices of combined regularization spaces towards different use case scenarios for boosted performance, e.g., tasks that have high variability in the background. Finally, we introduce a forgetfulness measure that fairly evaluates the degree to which a model suffers from forgetting. Interestingly, the analysis of our proposed forgetfulness score also implies that FoCL tends to have a mitigated forgetting for future tasks. 
### 37.A Tracking System For Baseball Game Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03856.pdf)
>  The baseball game is often seen as many contests that are performed between individuals. The duel between the pitcher and the batter, for example, is considered the engine that drives the sport. The pitchers use a variety of strategies to gain competitive advantage against the batter, who does his best to figure out the ball trajectory and react in time for a hit. In this work, we propose a system that captures the movements of the pitcher, the batter, and the ball in a high level of detail, and discuss several ways how this information may be processed to compute interesting statistics. We demonstrate on a large database of videos that our methods achieve comparable results as previous systems, while operating solely on video material. In addition, state-of-the-art AI techniques are incorporated to augment the amount of information that is made available for players, coaches, teams, and fans. 
### 38.Active Fine-Tuning from gMAD Examples Improves Blind Image Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03849.pdf)
>  The research in image quality assessment (IQA) has a long history, and significant progress has been made by leveraging recent advances in deep neural networks (DNNs). Despite high correlation numbers on existing IQA datasets, DNN-based models may be easily falsified in the group maximum differentiation (gMAD) competition with strong counterexamples being identified. Here we show that gMAD examples can be used to improve blind IQA (BIQA) methods. Specifically, we first pre-train a DNN-based BIQA model using multiple noisy annotators, and fine-tune it on multiple subject-rated databases of synthetically distorted images, resulting in a top-performing baseline model. We then seek pairs of images by comparing the baseline model with a set of full-reference IQA methods in gMAD. The resulting gMAD examples are most likely to reveal the relative weaknesses of the baseline, and suggest potential ways for refinement. We query ground truth quality annotations for the selected images in a well controlled laboratory environment, and further fine-tune the baseline on the combination of human-rated images from gMAD and existing databases. This process may be iterated, enabling active and progressive fine-tuning from gMAD examples for BIQA. We demonstrate the feasibility of our active learning scheme on a large-scale unlabeled image set, and show that the fine-tuned method achieves improved generalizability in gMAD, without destroying performance on previously trained databases. 
### 39.Fine-Grained Visual Classification via Progressive Multi-Granularity Training of Jigsaw Patches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03836.pdf)
>  Fine-grained visual classification (FGVC) is much more challenging than traditional classification tasks due to the inherently subtle intra-class object variations. Recent works mainly tackle this problem by focusing on how to locate the most discriminative parts, more complementary parts, and parts of various granularities. However, less effort has been placed to which granularities are the most discriminative and how to fuse information cross multi-granularity. In this work, we propose a novel framework for fine-grained visual classification to tackle these problems. In particular, we propose: (i) a novel progressive training strategy that adds new layers in each training step to exploit information based on the smaller granularity information found at the last step and the previous stage. (ii) a simple jigsaw puzzle generator to form images contain information of different granularity levels. We obtain state-of-the-art performances on several standard FGVC benchmark datasets, where the proposed method consistently outperforms existing methods or delivers competitive results. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/RuoyiDu/PMG-Progressive-Multi-Granularity-Training" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 40.No Surprises: Training Robust Lung Nodule Detection for Low-Dose CT Scans by Augmenting with Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03824.pdf)
>  Detecting malignant pulmonary nodules at an early stage can allow medical interventions which increases the survival rate of lung cancer patients. Using computer vision techniques to detect nodules can improve the sensitivity and the speed of interpreting chest CT for lung cancer screening. Many studies have used CNNs to detect nodule candidates. Though such approaches have been shown to outperform the conventional image processing based methods regarding the detection accuracy, CNNs are also known to be limited to generalize on under-represented samples in the training set and prone to imperceptible noise perturbations. Such limitations can not be easily addressed by scaling up the dataset or the models. In this work, we propose to add adversarial synthetic nodules and adversarial attack samples to the training data to improve the generalization and the robustness of the lung nodule detection systems. In order to generate hard examples of nodules from a differentiable nodule synthesizer, we use projected gradient descent (PGD) to search the latent code within a bounded neighbourhood that would generate nodules to decrease the detector response. To make the network more robust to unanticipated noise perturbations, we use PGD to search for noise patterns that can trigger the network to give over-confident mistakes. By evaluating on two different benchmark datasets containing consensus annotations from three radiologists, we show that the proposed techniques can improve the detection performance on real CT data. To understand the limitations of both the conventional networks and the proposed augmented networks, we also perform stress-tests on the false positive reduction networks by feeding different types of artificially produced patches. We show that the augmented networks are more robust to both under-represented nodules as well as resistant to noise perturbations. 
### 41.PULSE: Self-Supervised Photo Upsampling via Latent Space Exploration of Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03808.pdf)
>  The primary aim of single-image super-resolution is to construct a high-resolution (HR) image from a corresponding low-resolution (LR) input. In previous approaches, which have generally been supervised, the training objective typically measures a pixel-wise average distance between the super-resolved (SR) and HR images. Optimizing such metrics often leads to blurring, especially in high variance (detailed) regions. We propose an alternative formulation of the super-resolution problem based on creating realistic SR images that downscale correctly. We present a novel super-resolution algorithm addressing this problem, PULSE (Photo Upsampling via Latent Space Exploration), which generates high-resolution, realistic images at resolutions previously unseen in the literature. It accomplishes this in an entirely self-supervised fashion and is not confined to a specific degradation operator used during training, unlike previous methods (which require training on databases of LR-HR image pairs for supervised learning). Instead of starting with the LR image and slowly adding detail, PULSE traverses the high-resolution natural image manifold, searching for images that downscale to the original LR image. This is formalized through the "downscaling loss," which guides exploration through the latent space of a generative model. By leveraging properties of high-dimensional Gaussians, we restrict the search space to guarantee that our outputs are realistic. PULSE thereby generates super-resolved images that both are realistic and downscale correctly. We show extensive experimental results demonstrating the efficacy of our approach in the domain of face super-resolution (also known as face hallucination). Our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods in perceptual quality at higher resolutions and scale factors than previously possible. 
### 42.Mind the Gap: Enlarging the Domain Gap in Open Set Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03787.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation aims to leverage labeled data from a source domain to learn a classifier for an unlabeled target domain. Among its many variants, open set domain adaptation (OSDA) is perhaps the most challenging, as it further assumes the presence of unknown classes in the target domain. In this paper, we study OSDA with a particular focus on enriching its ability to traverse across larger domain gaps. Firstly, we show that existing state-of-the-art methods suffer a considerable performance drop in the presence of larger domain gaps, especially on a new dataset (PACS) that we re-purposed for OSDA. We then propose a novel framework to specifically address the larger domain gaps. The key insight lies with how we exploit the mutually beneficial information between two networks; (a) to separate samples of known and unknown classes, (b) to maximize the domain confusion between source and target domain without the influence of unknown samples. It follows that (a) and (b) will mutually supervise each other and alternate until convergence. Extensive experiments are conducted on Office-31, Office-Home, and PACS datasets, demonstrating the superiority of our method in comparison to other state-of-the-arts. Code has been provided as part of supplementary material and will be publicly released upon acceptance. 
### 43.DADA: Differentiable Automatic Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03780.pdf)
>  Data augmentation (DA) techniques aim to increase data variability, and thus train deep networks with better generalisation. The pioneering AutoAugment automated the search for optimal DA policies with reinforcement learning. However, AutoAugment is extremely computationally expensive, limiting its wide applicability. Followup work such as PBA and Fast AutoAugment improved efficiency, but optimization speed remains a bottleneck. In this paper, we propose Differentiable Automatic Data Augmentation (DADA) which dramatically reduces the cost. DADA relaxes the discrete DA policy selection to a differentiable optimization problem via Gumbel-Softmax. In addition, we introduce an unbiased gradient estimator, RELAX, leading to an efficient and effective one-pass optimization strategy to learn an efficient and accurate DA policy. We conduct extensive experiments on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, SVHN, and ImageNet datasets. Furthermore, we demonstrate the value of Auto DA in pre-training for downstream detection problems. Results show our DADA is at least one order of magnitude faster than the state-of-the-art while achieving very comparable accuracy. 
### 44.Rectifying Pseudo Label Learning via Uncertainty Estimation for Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03773.pdf)
>  This paper focuses on the unsupervised domain adaptation of transferring the knowledge from the source domain to the target domain in the context of semantic segmentation. Existing approaches usually regard the pseudo label as the ground truth to fully exploit the unlabeled target-domain data. Yet the pseudo labels of the target-domain data are usually predicted by the model trained on the source domain. Thus, the generated labels inevitably contain the incorrect prediction due to the discrepancy between the training domain and the test domain, which could be transferred to the final adapted model and largely compromises the training process. To overcome the problem, this paper proposes to explicitly estimate the prediction uncertainty during training to rectify the pseudo label learning for unsupervised semantic segmentation adaptation. Given the input image, the model outputs the semantic segmentation prediction as well as the uncertainty of the prediction. Specifically, we model the uncertainty via the prediction variance and involve the uncertainty into the optimization objective. To verify the effectiveness of the proposed method, we evaluate the proposed method on two prevalent synthetic-to-real semantic segmentation benchmarks, i.e., GTA5 -&gt; Cityscapes and SYNTHIA -&gt; Cityscapes, as well as one cross-city benchmark, i.e., Cityscapes -&gt; Oxford RobotCar. We demonstrate through extensive experiments that the proposed approach (1) dynamically sets different confidence thresholds according to the prediction variance, (2) rectifies the learning from noisy pseudo labels, and (3) achieves significant improvements over the conventional pseudo label learning and yields competitive performance on all three benchmarks. 
### 45.IMRAM: Iterative Matching with Recurrent Attention Memory for Cross-Modal Image-Text Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03772.pdf)
>  Enabling bi-directional retrieval of images and texts is important for understanding the correspondence between vision and language. Existing methods leverage the attention mechanism to explore such correspondence in a fine-grained manner. However, most of them consider all semantics equally and thus align them uniformly, regardless of their diverse complexities. In fact, semantics are diverse (i.e. involving different kinds of semantic concepts), and humans usually follow a latent structure to combine them into understandable languages. It may be difficult to optimally capture such sophisticated correspondences in existing methods. In this paper, to address such a deficiency, we propose an Iterative Matching with Recurrent Attention Memory (IMRAM) method, in which correspondences between images and texts are captured with multiple steps of alignments. Specifically, we introduce an iterative matching scheme to explore such fine-grained correspondence progressively. A memory distillation unit is used to refine alignment knowledge from early steps to later ones. Experiment results on three benchmark datasets, i.e. Flickr8K, Flickr30K, and MS COCO, show that our IMRAM achieves state-of-the-art performance, well demonstrating its effectiveness. Experiments on a practical business advertisement dataset, named \Ads{}, further validates the applicability of our method in practical scenarios. 
### 46.Pixel-In-Pixel Net: Towards Efficient Facial Landmark Detection in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03771.pdf)
>  Recently, heatmap regression based models become popular because of their superior performance on locating facial landmarks. However, high-resolution feature maps have to be either generated repeatedly or maintained through the network for such models, which is computationally inefficient for practical applications. Moreover, their generalization capabilities across domains are rarely explored. To address these two problems, we propose Pixel-In-Pixel (PIP) Net for facial landmark detection. The proposed model is equipped with a novel detection head based on heatmap regression. Different from conventional heatmap regression, the new detection head conducts score prediction on low-resolution feature maps. To localize landmarks more precisely, it also conduct offset predictions within each heatmap pixel. By doing this, the inference time is largely reduced without losing accuracy. Besides, we also propose to leverage unlabeled images to improve the generalization capbility of our model through image translation based data distillation. Extensive experiments on four benchmarks show that PIP Net is comparable to state-of-the-arts while running at $27.8$ FPS on a CPU. 
### 47.A Benchmark for Temporal Color Constancy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03763.pdf)
>  Temporal Color Constancy (CC) is a recently proposed approach that challenges the conventional single-frame color constancy. The conventional approach is to use a single frame - shot frame - to estimate the scene illumination color. In temporal CC, multiple frames from the view finder sequence are used to estimate the color. However, there are no realistic large scale temporal color constancy datasets for method evaluation. In this work, a new temporal CC benchmark is introduced. The benchmark comprises of (1) 600 real-world sequences recorded with a high-resolution mobile phone camera, (2) a fixed train-test split which ensures consistent evaluation, and (3) a baseline method which achieves high accuracy in the new benchmark and the dataset used in previous works. Results for more than 20 well-known color constancy methods including the recent state-of-the-arts are reported in our experiments. 
### 48.Monocular 3D Object Detection in Cylindrical Images from Fisheye Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03759.pdf)
>  Detecting objects in 3D from a monocular camera has been successfully demonstrated using various methods based on convolutional neural networks. These methods have been demonstrated on rectilinear perspective images equivalent to being taken by a pinhole camera, whose geometry is explicitly or implicitly exploited. Such methods fail in images with alternative projections, such as those acquired by fisheye cameras, even when provided with a labeled training set of fisheye images and 3D bounding boxes. In this work, we show how to adapt existing 3D object detection methods to images from fisheye cameras, including in the case that no labeled fisheye data is available for training. We significantly outperform existing art on a benchmark of synthetic data, and we also experiment with an internal dataset of real fisheye images. 
### 49.Domain-Specific Image Super-Resolution with Progressive Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03756.pdf)
>  Single Image Super-Resolution (SISR) aims to improve resolution of small-size low-quality image from a single one. With popularity of consumer electronics in our daily life, this topic has become more and more attractive. In this paper, we argue that the curse of dimensionality is the underlying reason of limiting the performance of state-of-the-art algorithms. To address this issue, we propose Progressive Adversarial Network (PAN) that is capable of coping with this difficulty for domainspecific image super-resolution. The key principle of PAN is that we do not apply any distance-based reconstruction errors as the loss to be optimized, thus free from the restriction of the curse of dimensionality. To maintain faithful reconstruction precision, we resort to U-Net and progressive growing of neural architecture. The low-level features in encoder can be transferred into decoder to enhance textural details with U-Net. Progressive growing enhances image resolution gradually, thereby preserving precision of recovered image. Moreover, to obtain high-fidelity outputs, we leverage the framework of the powerful StyleGAN to perform adversarial learning. Without the curse of dimensionality, our model can super-resolve large-size images with remarkable photo-realistic details and few distortion. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of our algorithm over existing state-of-the-arts both quantitatively and qualitatively. 
### 50.Better Captioning with Sequence-Level Exploration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03749.pdf)
>  Sequence-level learning objective has been widely used in captioning tasks to achieve the state-of-the-art performance for many models. In this objective, the model is trained by the reward on the quality of its generated captions (sequence-level). In this work, we show the limitation of the current sequence-level learning objective for captioning tasks from both theory and empirical result. In theory, we show that the current objective is equivalent to only optimizing the precision side of the caption set generated by the model and therefore overlooks the recall side. Empirical result shows that the model trained by this objective tends to get lower score on the recall side. We propose to add a sequence-level exploration term to the current objective to boost recall. It guides the model to explore more plausible captions in the training. In this way, the proposed objective takes both the precision and recall sides of generated captions into account. Experiments show the effectiveness of the proposed method on both video and image captioning datasets. 
### 51.A Multi-scale CNN-CRF Framework for Environmental Microorganism Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03744.pdf)
>  In order to assist researchers to identify Environmental Microorganisms (EMs) effectively, a Multi-scale CNN-CRF (MSCC) framework for the EM image segmentation is proposed in this paper. There are two parts in this framework: The first is a novel pixel-level segmentation approach, using a newly introduced Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), namely "mU-Net-B3", with a dense Conditional Random Field (CRF) post-processing. The second is a VGG-16 based patch-level segmentation method with a novel "buffer" strategy, which further improves the segmentation quality of the details of the EMs. In the experiment, compared with the state-of-the-art methods on 420 EM images, the proposed MSCC method reduces the memory requirement from 355 MB to 103 MB, improves the overall evaluation indexes (Dice, Jaccard, Recall, Accuracy) from 85.24%, 77.42%, 82.27% and 96.76% to 87.13%, 79.74%, 87.12% and 96.91% respectively, and reduces the volume overlap error from 22.58% to 20.26%. Therefore, the MSCC method shows a big potential in the EM segmentation field. 
### 52.Object-Oriented Video Captioning with Temporal Graph and Prior Knowledge Building  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03715.pdf)
>  Traditional video captioning requests a holistic description of the video, yet the detailed descriptions of the specific objects may not be available. Besides, most methods adopt frame-level inter-object features and ambiguous descriptions during training, which is difficult for learning the vision-language relationships. Without associating the transition trajectories, these image-based methods cannot understand the activities with visual features. We propose a novel task, named object-oriented video captioning, which focuses on understanding the videos in object-level. We re-annotate the object-sentence pairs for more effective cross-modal learning. Thereafter, we design the video-based object-oriented video captioning (OVC)-Net to reliably analyze the activities along time with only visual features and capture the vision-language connections under small datasets stably. To demonstrate the effectiveness, we evaluate the method on the new dataset and compare it with the state-of-the-arts for video captioning. From the experimental results, the OVC-Net exhibits the ability of precisely describing the concurrent objects and their activities in details. 
### 53.Meta3D: Single-View 3D Object Reconstruction from Shape Priors in Memory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03711.pdf)
>  3D shape reconstruction from a single-view RGB image is an ill-posed problem due to the invisible parts of the object to be reconstructed. Most of the existing methods rely on large-scale data to obtain shape priors through tuning parameters of reconstruction models. These methods might not be able to deal with the cases with heavy object occlusions and noisy background since prior information can not be retained completely or applied efficiently. In this paper, we are the first to develop a memory-based meta-learning framework for single-view 3D reconstruction. A write controller is designed to extract shape-discriminative features from images and store image features and their corresponding volumes into external memory. A read controller is proposed to sequentially encode shape priors related to the input image and predict a shape-specific refiner. Experimental results demonstrate that our Meta3D outperforms state-of-the-art methods with a large margin through retaining shape priors explicitly, especially for the extremely difficult cases. 
### 54.Trajectory Grouping with Curvature Regularization for Tubular Structure Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03710.pdf)
>  Tubular structure tracking is an important and difficult problem in the fields of computer vision and medical image analysis. The minimal path models have exhibited its power in tracing tubular structures, by which a centerline can be naturally treated as a minimal path with a suitable geodesic metric. However, existing minimal path-based tubular structure tracing models still suffer from difficulty like the shortcuts and short branches combination problems, especially when dealing with the images with a complicated background. We introduce a new minima path-based model for minimally interactive tubular structure centerline extraction in conjunction with a perceptual grouping scheme. We take into account the prescribed tubular trajectories and the relevant curvature-penalized geodesic distances for minimal paths extraction in a graph-based optimization way. Experimental results on both synthetic and real images prove that the proposed model indeed obtains outperformance comparing to state-of-the-art minimal path-based tubular structure tracing algorithms. 
### 55.Adaptive Semantic-Visual Tree for Hierarchical Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03707.pdf)
>  Merchandise categories inherently form a semantic hierarchy with different levels of concept abstraction, especially for fine-grained categories. This hierarchy encodes rich correlations among various categories across different levels, which can effectively regularize the semantic space and thus make predictions less ambiguous. However, previous studies of fine-grained image retrieval primarily focus on semantic similarities or visual similarities. In a real application, merely using visual similarity may not satisfy the need of consumers to search merchandise with real-life images, e.g., given a red coat as a query image, we might get a red suit in recall results only based on visual similarity since they are visually similar. But the users actually want a coat rather than suit even the coat is with different color or texture attributes. We introduce this new problem based on photoshopping in real practice. That's why semantic information are integrated to regularize the margins to make "semantic" prior to "visual". To solve this new problem, we propose a hierarchical adaptive semantic-visual tree (ASVT) to depict the architecture of merchandise categories, which evaluates semantic similarities between different semantic levels and visual similarities within the same semantic class simultaneously. The semantic information satisfies the demand of consumers for similar merchandise with the query while the visual information optimizes the correlations within the semantic class. At each level, we set different margins based on the semantic hierarchy and incorporate them as prior information to learn a fine-grained feature embedding. To evaluate our framework, we propose a new dataset named JDProduct, with hierarchical labels collected from actual image queries and official merchandise images on an online shopping application. Extensive experimental results on the public CARS196 and CUB- 
### 56.Transferring Cross-domain Knowledge for Video Sign Language Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03703.pdf)
>  Word-level sign language recognition (WSLR) is a fundamental task in sign language interpretation. It requires models to recognize isolated sign words from videos. However, annotating WSLR data needs expert knowledge, thus limiting WSLR dataset acquisition. On the contrary, there are abundant subtitled sign news videos on the internet. Since these videos have no word-level annotation and exhibit a large domain gap from isolated signs, they cannot be directly used for training WSLR models. We observe that despite the existence of a large domain gap, isolated and news signs share the same visual concepts, such as hand gestures and body movements. Motivated by this observation, we propose a novel method that learns domain-invariant visual concepts and fertilizes WSLR models by transferring knowledge of subtitled news sign to them. To this end, we extract news signs using a base WSLR model, and then design a classifier jointly trained on news and isolated signs to coarsely align these two domain features. In order to learn domain-invariant features within each class and suppress domain-specific features, our method further resorts to an external memory to store the class centroids of the aligned news signs. We then design a temporal attention based on the learnt descriptor to improve recognition performance. Experimental results on standard WSLR datasets show that our method outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods significantly. We also demonstrate the effectiveness of our method on automatically localizing signs from sign news, achieving 28.1 for AP@0.5. 
### 57.Unifying Specialist Image Embedding into Universal Image Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03701.pdf)
>  Deep image embedding provides a way to measure the semantic similarity of two images. It plays a central role in many applications such as image search, face verification, and zero-shot learning. It is desirable to have a universal deep embedding model applicable to various domains of images. However, existing methods mainly rely on training specialist embedding models each of which is applicable to images from a single domain. In this paper, we study an important but unexplored task: how to train a single universal image embedding model to match the performance of several specialists on each specialist's domain. Simply fusing the training data from multiple domains cannot solve this problem because some domains become overfitted sooner when trained together using existing methods. Therefore, we propose to distill the knowledge in multiple specialists into a universal embedding to solve this problem. In contrast to existing embedding distillation methods that distill the absolute distances between images, we transform the absolute distances between images into a probabilistic distribution and minimize the KL-divergence between the distributions of the specialists and the universal embedding. Using several public datasets, we validate that our proposed method accomplishes the goal of universal image embedding. 
### 58.Adaptive Offline Quintuplet Loss for Image-Text Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03669.pdf)
>  Existing image-text matching approaches typically leverage triplet loss with online hard negatives to train the model. For each image or text anchor in a training mini-batch, the model is trained to distinguish between a positive and the most confusing negative of the anchor mined from the mini-batch (i.e. online hard negative). This strategy improves the model's capacity to discover fine-grained correspondences and non-correspondences between image and text inputs. However, the above training approach has the following drawbacks: (1) the negative selection strategy still provides limited chances for the model to learn from very hard-to-distinguish cases. (2) The trained model has weak generalization capability from the training set to the testing set. (3) The penalty lacks hierarchy and adaptiveness for hard negatives with different ``hardness'' degrees. In this paper, we propose solutions by sampling negatives offline from the whole training set. It provides ``harder'' offline negatives than online hard negatives for the model to distinguish. Based on the offline hard negatives, a quintuplet loss is proposed to improve the model's generalization capability to distinguish positives and negatives. In addition, a novel loss function that combines the knowledge of positives, offline hard negatives and online hard negatives is created. It leverages offline hard negatives as intermediary to adaptively penalize them based on their distance relations to the anchor. We evaluate the proposed training approach on three state-of-the-art image-text models on the MS-COCO and Flickr30K datasets. Significant performance improvements are observed for all the models, demonstrating the effectiveness and generality of the proposed approach. 
### 59.SalsaNext: Fast Semantic Segmentation of LiDAR Point Clouds for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03653.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce SalsaNext for the semantic segmentation of a full 3D LiDAR point cloud in real-time. SalsaNext is the next version of SalsaNet [1] which has an encoder-decoder architecture where the encoder unit has a set of ResNet blocks and the decoder part combines upsampled features from the residual blocks. In contrast to SalsaNet, we have an additional layer in the encoder and decoder, introduce the context module, switch from stride convolution to average pooling and also apply central dropout treatment. To directly optimize the Jaccard index, we further combine the weighted cross-entropy loss with Lovasz-Softmax loss [2]. We provide a thorough quantitative evaluation on the Semantic-KITTI dataset [3], which demonstrates that the proposed SalsaNext outperforms other state-of-the-art semantic segmentation networks in terms of accuracy and computation time. We also release our source code <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TiagoCortinhal/SalsaNext" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 60.Inferring Spatial Uncertainty in Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03644.pdf)
>  The availability of real-world datasets is the prerequisite to develop object detection methods for autonomous driving. While ambiguity exists in object labels due to error-prone annotation process or sensor observation noises, current object detection datasets only provide deterministic annotations, without considering their uncertainty. This precludes an in-depth evaluation among different object detection methods, especially for those that explicitly model predictive probability. In this work, we propose a generative model to estimate bounding box label uncertainties from LiDAR point clouds, and define a new representation of the probabilistic bounding box through spatial distribution. Comprehensive experiments show that the proposed model represents uncertainties commonly seen in driving scenarios. Based on the spatial distribution, we further propose an extension of IoU, called the Jaccard IoU (JIoU), as a new evaluation metric that incorporates label uncertainty. The experiments on the KITTI and the Waymo Open Datasets show that JIoU is superior to IoU when evaluating probabilistic object detectors. 
### 61.AlphaNet: An Attention Guided Deep Network for Automatic Image Matting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03613.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an end to end solution for image matting i.e high-precision extraction of foreground objects from natural images. Image matting and background detection can be achieved easily through chroma keying in a studio setting when the background is either pure green or blue. Nonetheless, image matting in natural scenes with complex and uneven depth backgrounds remains a tedious task that requires human intervention. To achieve complete automatic foreground extraction in natural scenes, we propose a method that assimilates semantic segmentation and deep image matting processes into a single network to generate detailed semantic mattes for image composition task. The contribution of our proposed method is two-fold, firstly it can be interpreted as a fully automated semantic image matting method and secondly as a refinement of existing semantic segmentation models. We propose a novel model architecture as a combination of segmentation and matting that unifies the function of upsampling and downsampling operators with the notion of attention. As shown in our work, attention guided downsampling and upsampling can extract high-quality boundary details, unlike other normal downsampling and upsampling techniques. For achieving the same, we utilized an attention guided encoder-decoder framework which does unsupervised learning for generating an attention map adaptively from the data to serve and direct the upsampling and downsampling operators. We also construct a fashion e-commerce focused dataset with high-quality alpha mattes to facilitate the training and evaluation for image matting. 
### 62.DASNet: Dual attentive fully convolutional siamese networks for change detection of high resolution satellite images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03608.pdf)
>  Change detection is a basic task of remote sensing image processing. The research objective is to identity the change information of interest and filter out the irrelevant change information as interference factors. Recently, the rise of deep learning has provided new tools for change detection, which have yielded impressive results. However, the available methods focus mainly on the difference information between multitemporal remote sensing images and lack robustness to pseudo-change information. To overcome the lack of resistance of current methods to pseudo-changes, in this paper, we propose a new method, namely, dual attentive fully convolutional Siamese networks (DASNet) for change detection in high-resolution images. Through the dual-attention mechanism, long-range dependencies are captured to obtain more discriminant feature representations to enhance the recognition performance of the model. Moreover, the imbalanced sample is a serious problem in change detection, i.e. unchanged samples are much more than changed samples, which is one of the main reasons resulting in pseudo-changes. We put forward the weighted double margin contrastive loss to address this problem by punishing the attention to unchanged feature pairs and increase attention to changed feature pairs. The experimental results of our method on the change detection dataset (CDD) and the building change detection dataset (BCDD) demonstrate that compared with other baseline methods, the proposed method realizes maximum improvements of 2.1\% and 3.6\%, respectively, in the F1 score. Our Pytorch implementation is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lehaifeng/DASNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 63.Generative Low-bitwidth Data Free Quantization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03603.pdf)
>  Neural network quantization is an effective way to compress deep models and improve the execution latency and energy efficiency, so that they can be deployed on mobile or embedded devices. Existing quantization methods require original data for calibration or fine-tuning to get better performance. However, in many real-world scenarios, the data may not be available due to confidential or private issues, making existing quantization methods not applicable. Moreover, due to the absence of original data, the recently developed generative adversarial networks (GANs) can not be applied to generate data. Although the full precision model may contain the entire data information, such information alone is hard to exploit for recovering the original data or generating new meaningful data. In this paper, we investigate a simple-yet-effective method called Generative Low-bitwidth Data Free Quantization to remove the data dependence burden. Specifically, we propose a Knowledge Matching Generator to produce meaningful fake data by exploiting classification boundary knowledge and distribution information in the pre-trained model. With the help of generated data, we are able to quantize a model by learning knowledge from the pre-trained model. Extensive experiments on three data sets demonstrate the effectiveness of our method. More critically, our method achieves much higher accuracy on 4-bit quantization than the existing data free quantization method. 
### 64.StyleGAN2 Distillation for Feed-forward Image Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03581.pdf)
>  StyleGAN2 is a state-of-the-art network in generating realistic images. Besides, it was explicitly trained to have disentangled directions in latent space, which allows efficient image manipulation by varying latent factors. Editing existing images requires embedding a given image into the latent space of StyleGAN2. Latent code optimization via backpropagation is commonly used for qualitative embedding of real world images, although it is prohibitively slow for many applications. We propose a way to distill a particular image manipulation of StyleGAN2 into image-to-image network trained in paired way. The resulting pipeline is an alternative to existing GANs, trained on unpaired data. We provide results of human faces' transformation: gender swap, aging/rejuvenation, style transfer and image morphing. We show that the quality of generation using our method is comparable to StyleGAN2 backpropagation and current state-of-the-art methods in these particular tasks. 
### 65.CPM R-CNN: Calibrating Point-guided Misalignment in Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03570.pdf)
>  In object detection, offset-guided and point-guided regression dominate anchor-based and anchor-free method separately. Recently, point-guided approach is introduced to anchor-based method. However, we observe points predicted by this way are misaligned with matched region of proposals and score of localization, causing a notable gap in performance. In this paper, we propose CPM R-CNN which contains three efficient modules to optimize anchor-based point-guided method. According to sufficient evaluations on the COCO dataset, CPM R-CNN is demonstrated efficient to improve the localization accuracy by calibrating mentioned misalignment. Compared with Faster R-CNN and Grid R-CNN based on ResNet-101 with FPN, our approach can substantially improve detection mAP by 3.3% and 1.5% respectively without whistles and bells. Moreover, our best model achieves improvement by a large margin to 49.9% on COCO test-dev. Code and models will be publicly available. 
### 66.Crowd Counting via Hierarchical Scale Recalibration Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03545.pdf)
>  The task of crowd counting is extremely challenging due to complicated difficulties, especially the huge variation in vision scale. Previous works tend to adopt a naive concatenation of multi-scale information to tackle it, while the scale shifts between the feature maps are ignored. In this paper, we propose a novel Hierarchical Scale Recalibration Network (HSRNet), which addresses the above issues by modeling rich contextual dependencies and recalibrating multiple scale-associated information. Specifically, a Scale Focus Module (SFM) first integrates global context into local features by modeling the semantic inter-dependencies along channel and spatial dimensions sequentially. In order to reallocate channel-wise feature responses, a Scale Recalibration Module (SRM) adopts a step-by-step fusion to generate final density maps. Furthermore, we propose a novel Scale Consistency loss to constrain that the scale-associated outputs are coherent with groundtruth of different scales. With the proposed modules, our approach can ignore various noises selectively and focus on appropriate crowd scales automatically. Extensive experiments on crowd counting datasets (ShanghaiTech, MALL, WorldEXPO'10, and UCSD) show that our HSRNet can deliver superior results over all state-of-the-art approaches. More remarkably, we extend experiments on an extra vehicle dataset, whose results indicate that the proposed model is generalized to other applications. 
### 67.TTPP: Temporal Transformer with Progressive Prediction for Efficient Action Anticipation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03530.pdf)
>  Video action anticipation aims to predict future action categories from observed frames. Current state-of-the-art approaches mainly resort to recurrent neural networks to encode history information into hidden states, and predict future actions from the hidden representations. It is well known that the recurrent pipeline is inefficient in capturing long-term information which may limit its performance in predication task. To address this problem, this paper proposes a simple yet efficient Temporal Transformer with Progressive Prediction (TTPP) framework, which repurposes a Transformer-style architecture to aggregate observed features, and then leverages a light-weight network to progressively predict future features and actions. Specifically, predicted features along with predicted probabilities are accumulated into the inputs of subsequent prediction. We evaluate our approach on three action datasets, namely TVSeries, THUMOS-14, and TV-Human-Interaction. Additionally we also conduct a comprehensive study for several popular aggregation and prediction strategies. Extensive results show that TTPP not only outperforms the state-of-the-art methods but also more efficient. 
### 68.MobilePose: Real-Time Pose Estimation for Unseen Objects with Weak Shape Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03522.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of detecting unseen objects from RGB images and estimating their poses in 3D. We propose two mobile friendly networks: MobilePose-Base and MobilePose-Shape. The former is used when there is only pose supervision, and the latter is for the case when shape supervision is available, even a weak one. We revisit shape features used in previous methods, including segmentation and coordinate map. We explain when and why pixel-level shape supervision can improve pose estimation. Consequently, we add shape prediction as an intermediate layer in the MobilePose-Shape, and let the network learn pose from shape. Our models are trained on mixed real and synthetic data, with weak and noisy shape supervision. They are ultra lightweight that can run in real-time on modern mobile devices (e.g. 36 FPS on Galaxy S20). Comparing with previous single-shot solutions, our method has higher accuracy, while using a significantly smaller model (2~3% in model size or number of parameters). 
### 69.Distilling portable Generative Adversarial Networks for Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03519.pdf)
>  Despite Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have been widely used in various image-to-image translation tasks, they can be hardly applied on mobile devices due to their heavy computation and storage cost. Traditional network compression methods focus on visually recognition tasks, but never deal with generation tasks. Inspired by knowledge distillation, a student generator of fewer parameters is trained by inheriting the low-level and high-level information from the original heavy teacher generator. To promote the capability of student generator, we include a student discriminator to measure the distances between real images, and images generated by student and teacher generators. An adversarial learning process is therefore established to optimize student generator and student discriminator. Qualitative and quantitative analysis by conducting experiments on benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed method can learn portable generative models with strong performance. 
### 70.Cross-modal Learning for Multi-modal Video Categorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03501.pdf)
>  Multi-modal machine learning (ML) models can process data in multiple modalities (e.g., video, audio, text) and are useful for video content analysis in a variety of problems (e.g., object detection, scene understanding, activity recognition). In this paper, we focus on the problem of video categorization using a multi-modal ML technique. In particular, we have developed a novel multi-modal ML approach that we call "cross-modal learning", where one modality influences another but only when there is correlation between the modalities --- for that, we first train a correlation tower that guides the main multi-modal video categorization tower in the model. We show how this cross-modal principle can be applied to different types of models (e.g., RNN, Transformer, NetVLAD), and demonstrate through experiments how our proposed multi-modal video categorization models with cross-modal learning out-perform strong state-of-the-art baseline models. 
### 71.Weight mechanism adding a constant in concatenation of series connect  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03500.pdf)
>  It is a consensus that feature maps in the shallow layer are more related to image attributes such as texture and shape, whereas abstract semantic representation exists in the deep layer. Meanwhile, some image information will be lost in the process of the convolution operation. Naturally, the direct method is combining them together to gain lost detailed information through concatenation or adding. In fact, the image representation flowed in feature fusion can not match with the semantic representation completely, and the semantic deviation in different layers also destroy the information purification, that leads to useless information being mixed into the fusion layers. Therefore, it is crucial to narrow the gap among the fused layers and reduce the impact of noises during fusion. In this paper, we propose a method named weight mechanism to reduce the gap between feature maps in concatenation of series connection, and we get a better result of 0.80% mIoU improvement on Massachusetts building dataset by changing the weight of the concatenation of series connection in residual U-Net. Specifically, we design a new architecture named fused U-Net to test weight mechanism, and it also gains 0.12% mIoU improvement. 
### 72.MatchingGAN: Matching-based Few-shot Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03497.pdf)
>  To generate new images for a given category, most deep generative models require abundant training images from this category, which are often too expensive to acquire. To achieve the goal of generation based on only a few images, we propose matching-based Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) for few-shot generation, which includes a matching generator and a matching discriminator. Matching generator can match random vectors with a few conditional images from the same category and generate new images for this category based on the fused features. The matching discriminator extends conventional GAN discriminator by matching the feature of generated image with the fused feature of conditional images. Extensive experiments on three datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method. 
### 73.Semantic Change Pattern Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03492.pdf)
>  Change detection is an important problem in vision field, especially for aerial images. However, most works focus on traditional change detection, i.e., where changes happen, without considering the change type information, i.e., what changes happen. Although a few works have tried to apply semantic information to traditional change detection, they either only give the label of emerging objects without taking the change type into consideration, or set some kinds of change subjectively without specifying semantic information. To make use of semantic information and analyze change types comprehensively, we propose a new task called semantic change pattern analysis for aerial images. Given a pair of co-registered aerial images, the task requires a result including both where and what changes happen. We then describe the metric adopted for the task, which is clean and interpretable. We further provide the first well-annotated aerial image dataset for this task. Extensive baseline experiments are conducted as reference for following works. The aim of this work is to explore high-level information based on change detection and facilitate the development of this field with the publicly available dataset. 
### 74.Super Resolution Using Segmentation-Prior Self-Attention Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03489.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is intensively implemented to solve super resolution (SR) tasks because of its superior performance. However, the problem of super resolution is still challenging due to the lack of prior knowledge and small receptive field of CNN. We propose the Segmentation-Piror Self-Attention Generative Adversarial Network (SPSAGAN) to combine segmentation-priors and feature attentions into a unified framework. This combination is led by a carefully designed weighted addition to balance the influence of feature and segmentation attentions, so that the network can emphasize textures in the same segmentation category and meanwhile focus on the long-distance feature relationship. We also propose a lightweight skip connection architecture called Residual-in-Residual Sparse Block (RRSB) to further improve the super-resolution performance and save computation. Extensive experiments show that SPSAGAN can generate more realistic and visually pleasing textures compared to state-of-the-art SFTGAN and ESRGAN on many SR datasets. 
### 75.ReActNet: Towards Precise Binary Neural Network with Generalized Activation Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03488.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose several ideas for enhancing a binary network to close its accuracy gap from real-valued networks without incurring any additional computational cost. We first construct a baseline network by modifying and binarizing a compact real-valued network with parameter-free shortcuts, bypassing all the intermediate convolutional layers including the downsampling layers. This baseline network strikes a good trade-off between accuracy and efficiency, achieving superior performance than most of existing binary networks at approximately half of the computational cost. Through extensive experiments and analysis, we observed that the performance of binary networks is sensitive to activation distribution variations. Based on this important observation, we propose to generalize the traditional Sign and PReLU functions, denoted as RSign and RPReLU for the respective generalized functions, to enable explicit learning of the distribution reshape and shift at near-zero extra cost. Lastly, we adopt a distributional loss to further enforce the binary network to learn similar output distributions as those of a real-valued network. We show that after incorporating all these ideas, the proposed ReActNet outperforms all the state-of-the-arts by a large margin. Specifically, it outperforms Real-to-Binary Net and MeliusNet29 by 4.0% and 3.6% respectively for the top-1 accuracy and also reduces the gap to its real-valued counterpart to within 3.0% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet dataset. 
### 76.PoseNet3D: Unsupervised 3D Human Shape and Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03473.pdf)
>  Recovering 3D human pose from 2D joints is a highly unconstrained problem. We propose a novel neural network framework, PoseNet3D, that takes 2D joints as input and outputs 3D skeletons and SMPL body model parameters. By casting our learning approach in a student-teacher framework, we avoid using any 3D data such as paired/unpaired 3D data, motion capture sequences, depth images or multi-view images during training. We first train a teacher network that outputs 3D skeletons, using only 2D poses for training. The teacher network distills its knowledge to a student network that predicts 3D pose in SMPL representation. Finally, both the teacher and the student networks are jointly fine-tuned in an end-to-end manner using temporal, self-consistency and adversarial losses, improving the accuracy of each individual network. Results on Human3.6M dataset for 3D human pose estimation demonstrate that our approach reduces the 3D joint prediction error by 18\% compared to previous unsupervised methods. Qualitative results on in-the-wild datasets show that the recovered 3D poses and meshes are natural, realistic, and flow smoothly over consecutive frames. 
### 77.Semi-Supervised StyleGAN for Disentanglement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03461.pdf)
>  Disentanglement learning is crucial for obtaining disentangled representations and controllable generation. Current disentanglement methods face several inherent limitations: difficulty with high-resolution images, primarily on learning disentangled representations, and non-identifiability due to the unsupervised setting. To alleviate these limitations, we design new architectures and loss functions based on StyleGAN (Karras et al., 2019), for semi-supervised high-resolution disentanglement learning. We create two complex high-resolution synthetic datasets for systematic testing. We investigate the impact of limited supervision and find that using only 0.25%~2.5% of labeled data is sufficient for good disentanglement on both synthetic and real datasets. We propose new metrics to quantify generator controllability, and observe there may exist a crucial trade-off between disentangled representation learning and controllable generation. We also consider semantic fine-grained image editing to achieve better generalization to unseen images. 
### 78.Scalable Uncertainty for Computer Vision with Functional Variational Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03396.pdf)
>  As Deep Learning continues to yield successful applications in Computer Vision, the ability to quantify all forms of uncertainty is a paramount requirement for its safe and reliable deployment in the real-world. In this work, we leverage the formulation of variational inference in function space, where we associate Gaussian Processes (GPs) to both Bayesian CNN priors and variational family. Since GPs are fully determined by their mean and covariance functions, we are able to obtain predictive uncertainty estimates at the cost of a single forward pass through any chosen CNN architecture and for any supervised learning task. By leveraging the structure of the induced covariance matrices, we propose numerically efficient algorithms which enable fast training in the context of high-dimensional tasks such as depth estimation and semantic segmentation. Additionally, we provide sufficient conditions for constructing regression loss functions whose probabilistic counterparts are compatible with aleatoric uncertainty quantification. 
### 79.Manifold Regularization for Adversarial Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04286.pdf)
>  Manifold regularization is a technique that penalizes the complexity of learned functions over the intrinsic geometry of input data. We develop a connection to learning functions which are "locally stable", and propose new regularization terms for training deep neural networks that are stable against a class of local perturbations. These regularizers enable us to train a network to state-of-the-art robust accuracy of 70% on CIFAR-10 against a PGD adversary using $\ell_\infty$ perturbations of size $\epsilon = 8/255$. Furthermore, our techniques do not rely on the construction of any adversarial examples, thus running orders of magnitude faster than standard algorithms for adversarial training. 
### 80.Deep Inverse Feature Learning: A Representation Learning of Error  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04285.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a novel perspective about error in machine learning and proposes inverse feature learning (IFL) as a representation learning approach that learns a set of high-level features based on the representation of error for classification or clustering purposes. The proposed perspective about error representation is fundamentally different from current learning methods, where in classification approaches they interpret the error as a function of the differences between the true labels and the predicted ones or in clustering approaches, in which the clustering objective functions such as compactness are used. Inverse feature learning method operates based on a deep clustering approach to obtain a qualitative form of the representation of error as features. The performance of the proposed IFL method is evaluated by applying the learned features along with the original features, or just using the learned features in different classification and clustering techniques for several data sets. The experimental results show that the proposed method leads to promising results in classification and especially in clustering. In classification, the proposed features along with the primary features improve the results of most of the classification methods on several popular data sets. In clustering, the performance of different clustering methods is considerably improved on different data sets. There are interesting results that show some few features of the representation of error capture highly informative aspects of primary features. We hope this paper helps to utilize the error representation learning in different feature learning domains. 
### 81.How to Train Your Super-Net: An Analysis of Training Heuristics in Weight-Sharing NAS  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04276.pdf)
>  Weight sharing promises to make neural architecture search (NAS) tractable even on commodity hardware. Existing methods in this space rely on a diverse set of heuristics to design and train the shared-weight backbone network, a.k.a. the super-net. Since heuristics and hyperparameters substantially vary across different methods, a fair comparison between them can only be achieved by systematically analyzing the influence of these factors. In this paper, we therefore provide a systematic evaluation of the heuristics and hyperparameters that are frequently employed by weight-sharing NAS algorithms. Our analysis uncovers that some commonly-used heuristics for super-net training negatively impact the correlation between super-net and stand-alone performance, and evidences the strong influence of certain hyperparameters and architectural choices. Our code and experiments set a strong and reproducible baseline that future works can build on. 
### 82.MLography: An Automated Quantitative Metallography Model for Impurities Anomaly Detection using Novel Data Mining and Deep Learning Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04226.pdf)
>  The micro-structure of most of the engineering alloys contains some inclusions and precipitates, which may affect their properties, therefore it is crucial to characterize them. In this work we focus on the development of a state-of-the-art artificial intelligence model for Anomaly Detection named MLography to automatically quantify the degree of anomaly of impurities in alloys. For this purpose, we introduce several anomaly detection measures: Spatial, Shape and Area anomaly, that successfully detect the most anomalous objects based on their objective, given that the impurities were already labeled. The first two measures quantify the degree of anomaly of each object by how each object is distant and big compared to its neighborhood, and by the abnormally of its own shape respectively. The last measure, combines the former two and highlights the most anomalous regions among all input images, for later (physical) examination. The performance of the model is presented and analyzed based on few representative cases. We stress that although the models presented here were developed for metallography analysis, most of them can be generalized to a wider set of problems in which anomaly detection of geometrical objects is desired. All models as well as the data-set that was created for this work, are publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/matanr/MLography" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 83.Toward Cross-Domain Speech Recognition with End-to-End Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04194.pdf)
>  In the area of multi-domain speech recognition, research in the past focused on hybrid acoustic models to build cross-domain and domain-invariant speech recognition systems. In this paper, we empirically examine the difference in behavior between hybrid acoustic models and neural end-to-end systems when mixing acoustic training data from several domains. For these experiments we composed a multi-domain dataset from public sources, with the different domains in the corpus covering a wide variety of topics and acoustic conditions such as telephone conversations, lectures, read speech and broadcast news. We show that for the hybrid models, supplying additional training data from other domains with mismatched acoustic conditions does not increase the performance on specific domains. However, our end-to-end models optimized with sequence-based criterion generalize better than the hybrid models on diverse domains. In term of word-error-rate performance, our experimental acoustic-to-word and attention-based models trained on multi-domain dataset reach the performance of domain-specific long short-term memory (LSTM) hybrid models, thus resulting in multi-domain speech recognition systems that do not suffer in performance over domain specific ones. Moreover, the use of neural end-to-end models eliminates the need of domain-adapted language models during recognition, which is a great advantage when the input domain is unknown. 
### 84.Hybrid calibration procedure for fringe projection profilometry based on stereo-vision and polynomial fitting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04168.pdf)
>  The key to accurate 3D shape measurement in Fringe Projection Profilometry (FPP) is the proper calibration of the measurement system. Current calibration techniques rely on phase-coordinate mapping (PCM) or back-projection stereo-vision (SV) methods. PCM methods are cumbersome to implement as they require precise positioning of the calibration target relative to the FPP system but produce highly accurate measurements within the calibration volume. SV methods generally do not achieve the same accuracy level. However, the calibration is more flexible in that the calibration target can be arbitrarily positioned. In this work, we propose a hybrid calibration method that leverages the SV calibration approach using a PCM method to achieve higher accuracy. The method has the flexibility of SV methods, is robust to lens distortions, and has a simple relation between the recovered phase and the metric coordinates. Experimental results show that the proposed Hybrid method outperforms the SV method in terms of accuracy and reconstruction time due to its low computational complexity. 
### 85.Learned Spectral Computed Tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04138.pdf)
>  Spectral Photon-Counting Computed Tomography (SPCCT) is a promising technology that has shown a number of advantages over conventional X-ray Computed Tomography (CT) in the form of material separation, artefact removal and enhanced image quality. However, due to the increased complexity and non-linearity of the SPCCT governing equations, model-based reconstruction algorithms typically require handcrafted regularisation terms and meticulous tuning of hyperparameters making them impractical to calibrate in variable conditions. Additionally, they typically incur high computational costs and in cases of limited-angle data, their imaging capability deteriorates significantly. Recently, Deep Learning has proven to provide state-of-the-art reconstruction performance in medical imaging applications while circumventing most of these challenges. Inspired by these advances, we propose a Deep Learning imaging method for SPCCT that exploits the expressive power of Neural Networks while also incorporating model knowledge. The method takes the form of a two-step learned primal-dual algorithm that is trained using case-specific data. The proposed approach is characterised by fast reconstruction capability and high imaging performance, even in limited-data cases, while avoiding the hand-tuning that is required by other optimisation approaches. We demonstrate the performance of the method in terms of reconstructed images and quality metrics via numerical examples inspired by the application of cardiovascular imaging. 
### 86.$-$nets: Deep Polynomial Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03828.pdf)
>  Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (DCNNs) is currently the method of choice both for generative, as well as for discriminative learning in computer vision and machine learning. The success of DCNNs can be attributed to the careful selection of their building blocks (e.g., residual blocks, rectifiers, sophisticated normalization schemes, to mention but a few). In this paper, we propose $\Pi$-Nets, a new class of DCNNs. $\Pi$-Nets are polynomial neural networks, i.e., the output is a high-order polynomial of the input. $\Pi$-Nets can be implemented using special kind of skip connections and their parameters can be represented via high-order tensors. We empirically demonstrate that $\Pi$-Nets have better representation power than standard DCNNs and they even produce good results without the use of non-linear activation functions in a large battery of tasks and signals, i.e., images, graphs, and audio. When used in conjunction with activation functions, $\Pi$-Nets produce state-of-the-art results in challenging tasks, such as image generation. Lastly, our framework elucidates why recent generative models, such as StyleGAN, improve upon their predecessors, e.g., ProGAN. 
### 87.Deep Learning Guided Undersampling Mask Design for MR Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03797.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a cross-domain networks that can achieve undersampled MR image reconstruction from raw k-space space. We design a 2D probability sampling mask layer to simulate real undersampling operation. Then the 2D Inverse FFT is deployed to reconstruct MR image from frequency domain to spatial domain. By minimizing the Euclidean loss between ground-truth image and output, we train the parameters in our probability mask layer. We discover the probability appears special patterns that is quite different from universal common sense that mask should be Poisson-like, under certain undersampled rates. We analyze the probability mask is subjected to Gaussian or Quadratic distributions, and discuss this pattern will be more accurate and robust than traditional ones. Extensive experiments proves that the rules we discovered are adaptive to most cases. This can be a useful guidance to further MR reconstruction mask designs. 
### 88.DFVS: Deep Flow Guided Scene Agnostic Image Based Visual Servoing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03766.pdf)
>  Existing deep learning based visual servoing approaches regress the relative camera pose between a pair of images. Therefore, they require a huge amount of training data and sometimes fine-tuning for adaptation to a novel scene. Furthermore, current approaches do not consider underlying geometry of the scene and rely on direct estimation of camera pose. Thus, inaccuracies in prediction of the camera pose, especially for distant goals, lead to a degradation in the servoing performance. In this paper, we propose a two-fold solution: (i) We consider optical flow as our visual features, which are predicted using a deep neural network. (ii) These flow features are then systematically integrated with depth estimates provided by another neural network using interaction matrix. We further present an extensive benchmark in a photo-realistic 3D simulation across diverse scenes to study the convergence and generalisation of visual servoing approaches. We show convergence for over 3m and 40 degrees while maintaining precise positioning of under 2cm and 1 degree on our challenging benchmark where the existing approaches that are unable to converge for majority of scenarios for over 1.5m and 20 degrees. Furthermore, we also evaluate our approach for a real scenario on an aerial robot. Our approach generalizes to novel scenarios producing precise and robust servoing performance for 6 degrees of freedom positioning tasks with even large camera transformations without any retraining or fine-tuning. 
### 89.Online Self-Supervised Learning for Object Picking: Detecting Optimum Grasping Position using a Metric Learning Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03717.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning methods are attractive candidates for automatic object picking. However, the trial samples lack the complete ground truth because the observable parts of the agent are limited. That is, the information contained in the trial samples is often insufficient to learn the specific grasping position of each object. Consequently, the training falls into a local solution, and the grasp positions learned by the robot are independent of the state of the object. In this study, the optimal grasping position of an individual object is determined from the grasping score, defined as the distance in the feature space obtained using metric learning. The closeness of the solution to the pre-designed optimal grasping position was evaluated in trials. The proposed method incorporates two types of feedback control: one feedback enlarges the grasping score when the grasping position approaches the optimum; the other reduces the negative feedback of the potential grasping positions among the grasping candidates. The proposed online self-supervised learning method employs two deep neural networks. : SSD that detects the grasping position of an object, and Siamese networks (SNs) that evaluate the trial sample using the similarity of two input data in the feature space. Our method embeds the relation of each grasping position as feature vectors by training the trial samples and a few pre-samples indicating the optimum grasping position. By incorporating the grasping score based on the feature space of SNs into the SSD training process, the method preferentially trains the optimum grasping position. In the experiment, the proposed method achieved a higher success rate than the baseline method using simple teaching signals. And the grasping scores in the feature space of the SNs accurately represented the grasping positions of the objects. 
### 90.AL2: Progressive Activation Loss for Learning General Representations in Classification Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03633.pdf)
>  The large capacity of neural networks enables them to learn complex functions. To avoid overfitting, networks however require a lot of training data that can be expensive and time-consuming to collect. A common practical approach to attenuate overfitting is the use of network regularization techniques. We propose a novel regularization method that progressively penalizes the magnitude of activations during training. The combined activation signals produced by all neurons in a given layer form the representation of the input image in that feature space. We propose to regularize this representation in the last feature layer before classification layers. Our method's effect on generalization is analyzed with label randomization tests and cumulative ablations. Experimental results show the advantages of our approach in comparison with commonly-used regularizers on standard benchmark datasets. 
### 91.Explaining Knowledge Distillation by Quantifying the Knowledge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03622.pdf)
>  This paper presents a method to interpret the success of knowledge distillation by quantifying and analyzing task-relevant and task-irrelevant visual concepts that are encoded in intermediate layers of a deep neural network (DNN). More specifically, three hypotheses are proposed as follows. 1. Knowledge distillation makes the DNN learn more visual concepts than learning from raw data. 2. Knowledge distillation ensures that the DNN is prone to learning various visual concepts simultaneously. Whereas, in the scenario of learning from raw data, the DNN learns visual concepts sequentially. 3. Knowledge distillation yields more stable optimization directions than learning from raw data. Accordingly, we design three types of mathematical metrics to evaluate feature representations of the DNN. In experiments, we diagnosed various DNNs, and above hypotheses were verified. 
### 92.Diffusion State Distances: Multitemporal Analysis, Fast Algorithms, and Applications to Biological Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03616.pdf)
>  Data-dependent metrics are powerful tools for learning the underlying structure of high-dimensional data. This article develops and analyzes a data-dependent metric known as diffusion state distance (DSD), which compares points using a data-driven diffusion process. Unlike related diffusion methods, DSDs incorporate information across time scales, which allows for the intrinsic data structure to be inferred in a parameter-free manner. This article develops a theory for DSD based on the multitemporal emergence of mesoscopic equilibria in the underlying diffusion process. New algorithms for denoising and dimension reduction with DSD are also proposed and analyzed. These approaches are based on a weighted spectral decomposition of the underlying diffusion process, and experiments on synthetic datasets and real biological networks illustrate the efficacy of the proposed algorithms in terms of both speed and accuracy. Throughout, comparisons with related methods are made, in order to illustrate the distinct advantages of DSD for datasets exhibiting multiscale structure. 
### 93.STD-Net: Structure-preserving and Topology-adaptive Deformation Network for 3D Reconstruction from a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03551.pdf)
>  3D reconstruction from a single view image is a long-standing prob-lem in computer vision. Various methods based on different shape representations(such as point cloud or volumetric representations) have been proposed. However,the 3D shape reconstruction with fine details and complex structures are still chal-lenging and have not yet be solved. Thanks to the recent advance of the deepshape representations, it becomes promising to learn the structure and detail rep-resentation using deep neural networks. In this paper, we propose a novel methodcalled STD-Net to reconstruct the 3D models utilizing the mesh representationthat is well suitable for characterizing complex structure and geometry <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://details.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> reconstruct complex 3D mesh models with fine details, our method consists of(1) an auto-encoder network for recovering the structure of an object with bound-ing box representation from a single image, (2) a topology-adaptive graph CNNfor updating vertex position for meshes of complex topology, and (3) an unifiedmesh deformation block that deforms the structural boxes into structure-awaremeshed models. Experimental results on the images from ShapeNet show that ourproposed STD-Net has better performance than other state-of-the-art methods onreconstructing 3D objects with complex structures and fine geometric details. 
### 94.Novel Radiomic Feature for Survival Prediction of Lung Cancer Patients using Low-Dose CBCT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03537.pdf)
>  Prediction of survivability in a patient for tumor progression is useful to estimate the effectiveness of a treatment protocol. In our work, we present a model to take into account the heterogeneous nature of a tumor to predict survival. The tumor heterogeneity is measured in terms of its mass by combining information regarding the radiodensity obtained in images with the gross tumor volume (GTV). We propose a novel feature called Tumor Mass within a GTV (TMG), that improves the prediction of survivability, compared to existing models which use GTV. Weekly variation in TMG of a patient is computed from the image data and also estimated from a cell survivability model. The parameters obtained from the cell survivability model are indicatives of changes in TMG over the treatment period. We use these parameters along with other patient metadata to perform survival analysis and regression. Cox's Proportional Hazard survival regression was performed using these data. Significant improvement in the average concordance index from 0.47 to 0.64 was observed when TMG is used in the model instead of GTV. The experiments show that there is a difference in the treatment response in responsive and non-responsive patients and that the proposed method can be used to predict patient survivability. 
### 95.Robust, Occlusion-aware Pose Estimation for Objects Grasped by Adaptive Hands  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03518.pdf)
>  Many manipulation tasks, such as placement or within-hand manipulation, require the object's pose relative to a robot hand. The task is difficult when the hand significantly occludes the object. It is especially hard for adaptive hands, for which it is not easy to detect the finger's configuration. In addition, RGB-only approaches face issues with texture-less objects or when the hand and the object look similar. This paper presents a depth-based framework, which aims for robust pose estimation and short response times. The approach detects the adaptive hand's state via efficient parallel search given the highest overlap between the hand's model and the point cloud. The hand's point cloud is pruned and robust global registration is performed to generate object pose hypotheses, which are clustered. False hypotheses are pruned via physical reasoning. The remaining poses' quality is evaluated given agreement with observed data. Extensive evaluation on synthetic and real data demonstrates the accuracy and computational efficiency of the framework when applied on challenging, highly-occluded scenarios for different object types. An ablation study identifies how the framework's components help in performance. This work also provides a dataset for in-hand 6D object pose estimation. Code and dataset are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wenbowen123/icra20-hand-object-pose" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 96.SuPer Deep: A Surgical Perception Framework for Robotic Tissue Manipulation using Deep Learning for Feature Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03472.pdf)
>  Robotic automation in surgery requires precise tracking of surgical tools and mapping of deformable tissue. Previous works on surgical perception frameworks require significant effort in developing features for surgical tool and tissue tracking. In this work, we overcome the challenge by exploiting deep learning methods for surgical perception. We integrated deep neural networks, capable of efficient feature extraction, into the tissue reconstruction and instrument pose estimation processes. By leveraging transfer learning, the deep learning based approach requires minimal training data and reduced feature engineering efforts to fully perceive a surgical scene. The framework was tested on three publicly available datasets, which use the da Vinci Surgical System, for comprehensive analysis. Experimental results show that our framework achieves state-of-the-art tracking performance in a surgical environment by utilizing deep learning for feature extraction. 
### 97.Endoscopy disease detection challenge 2020  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.03376.pdf)
>  Whilst many technologies are built around endoscopy, there is a need to have a comprehensive dataset collected from multiple centers to address the generalization issues with most deep learning frameworks. What could be more important than disease detection and localization? Through our extensive network of clinical and computational experts, we have collected, curated and annotated gastrointestinal endoscopy video frames. We have released this dataset and have launched disease detection and segmentation challenge EDD2020 <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://edd2020.grand-challenge.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> to address the limitations and explore new directions. EDD2020 is a crowd sourcing initiative to test the feasibility of recent deep learning methods and to promote research for building robust technologies. In this paper, we provide an overview of the EDD2020 dataset, challenge tasks, evaluation strategies and a short summary of results on test data. A detailed paper will be drafted after the challenge workshop with more detailed analysis of the results. 
