# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 12 Mar 2020
### 1.Rethinking Image Mixture for Unsupervised Visual Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05438.pdf)
>  In supervised learning, smoothing label/prediction distribution in neural network training has been proven useful in preventing the model from being over-confident, and is crucial for learning more robust visual representations. This observation motivates us to explore the way to make predictions flattened in unsupervised learning. Considering that human annotated labels are not adopted in unsupervised learning, we introduce a straightforward approach to perturb input image space in order to soften the output prediction space indirectly. Despite its conceptual simplicity, we show empirically that with the simple solution -- image mixture, we can learn more robust visual representations from the transformed input, and the benefits of representations learned from this space can be inherited by the linear classification and downstream tasks. 
### 2.Bi-Directional Attention for Joint Instance and Semantic Segmentation in Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05420.pdf)
>  Instance segmentation in point clouds is one of the most fine-grained ways to understand the 3D scene. Due to its close relationship to semantic segmentation, many works approach these two tasks simultaneously and leverage the benefits of multi-task learning. However, most of them only considered simple strategies such as element-wise feature fusion, which may not lead to mutual promotion. In this work, we build a Bi-Directional Attention module on backbone neural networks for 3D point cloud perception, which uses similarity matrix measured from features for one task to help aggregate non-local information for the other task, avoiding the potential feature exclusion and task conflict. From comprehensive experiments and ablation studies on the S3DIS dataset and the PartNet dataset, the superiority of our method is verified. Moreover, the mechanism of how bi-directional attention module helps joint instance and semantic segmentation is also analyzed. 
### 3.How Powerful Are Randomly Initialized Pointcloud Set Functions?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05410.pdf)
>  We study random embeddings produced by untrained neural set functions, and show that they are powerful representations which well capture the input features for downstream tasks such as classification, and are often linearly separable. We obtain surprising results that show that random set functions can often obtain close to or even better accuracy than fully trained models. We investigate factors that affect the representative power of such embeddings quantitatively and qualitatively. 
### 4.xCos: An Explainable Cosine Metric for Face Verification Task  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05383.pdf)
>  We study the XAI (explainable AI) on the face recognition task, particularly the face verification here. Face verification is a crucial task in recent days and it has been deployed to plenty of applications, such as access control, surveillance, and automatic personal log-on for mobile devices. With the increasing amount of data, deep convolutional neural networks can achieve very high accuracy for the face verification task. Beyond exceptional performances, deep face verification models need more interpretability so that we can trust the results they generate. In this paper, we propose a novel similarity metric, called explainable cosine ($xCos$), that comes with a learnable module that can be plugged into most of the verification models to provide meaningful explanations. With the help of $xCos$, we can see which parts of the 2 input faces are similar, where the model pays its attention to, and how the local similarities are weighted to form the output $xCos$ score. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method on LFW and various competitive benchmarks, resulting in not only providing novel and desiring model interpretability for face verification but also ensuring the accuracy as plugging into existing face recognition models. 
### 5.Plant Disease Detection from Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05379.pdf)
>  Plant disease detection is a huge problem and often require professional help to detect the disease. This research focuses on creating a deep learning model that detects the type of disease that affected the plant from the images of the leaves of the plants. The deep learning is done with the help of Convolutional Neural Network by performing transfer learning. The model is created using transfer learning and is experimented with both resnet 34 and resnet 50 to demonstrate that discriminative learning gives better results. This method achieved state of art results for the dataset used. The main goal is to lower the professional help to detect the plant diseases and make this model accessible to as many people as possible. 
### 6.Training-Set Distillation for Real-Time UAV Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05326.pdf)
>  Correlation filter (CF) has recently exhibited promising performance in visual object tracking for unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV). Such online learning method heavily depends on the quality of the training-set, yet complicated aerial scenarios like occlusion or out of view can reduce its reliability. In this work, a novel time slot-based distillation approach is proposed to efficiently and effectively optimize the training-set's quality on the fly. A cooperative energy minimization function is established to score the historical samples adaptively. To accelerate the scoring process, frames with high confident tracking results are employed as the keyframes to divide the tracking process into multiple time slots. After the establishment of a new slot, the weighted fusion of the previous samples generates one key-sample, in order to reduce the number of samples to be scored. Besides, when the current time slot exceeds the maximum frame number, which can be scored, the sample with the lowest score will be discarded. Consequently, the training-set can be efficiently and reliably distilled. Comprehensive tests on two well-known UAV benchmarks prove the effectiveness of our method with real-time speed on a single CPU. 
### 7.Semi-Local 3D Lane Detection and Uncertainty Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05257.pdf)
>  We propose a novel camera-based DNN method for 3D lane detection with uncertainty estimation. Our method is based on a semi-local, BEV, tile representation that breaks down lanes into simple lane segments. It combines learning a parametric model for the segments along with a deep feature embedding that is then used to cluster segment together into full lanes. This combination allows our method to generalize to complex lane topologies, curvatures and surface geometries. Additionally, our method is the first to output a learning based uncertainty estimation for the lane detection task. The efficacy of our method is demonstrated in extensive experiments achieving state-of-the-art results for camera-based 3D lane detection, while also showing our ability to generalize to complex topologies, curvatures and road geometries as well as to different cameras. We also demonstrate how our uncertainty estimation aligns with the empirical error statistics indicating that it is well calibrated and truly reflects the detection noise. 
### 8.GID-Net: Detecting Human-Object Interaction with Global and Instance Dependency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05242.pdf)
>  Since detecting and recognizing individual human or object are not adequate to understand the visual world, learning how humans interact with surrounding objects becomes a core technology. However, convolution operations are weak in depicting visual interactions between the instances since they only build blocks that process one local neighborhood at a time. To address this problem, we learn from human perception in observing HOIs to introduce a two-stage trainable reasoning mechanism, referred to as GID block. GID block breaks through the local neighborhoods and captures long-range dependency of pixels both in global-level and instance-level from the scene to help detecting interactions between instances. Furthermore, we conduct a multi-stream network called GID-Net, which is a human-object interaction detection framework consisting of a human branch, an object branch and an interaction branch. Semantic information in global-level and local-level are efficiently reasoned and aggregated in each of the branches. We have compared our proposed GID-Net with existing state-of-the-art methods on two public benchmarks, including V-COCO and HICO-DET. The results have showed that GID-Net outperforms the existing best-performing methods on both the above two benchmarks, validating its efficacy in detecting human-object interactions. 
### 9.Channel Interaction Networks for Fine-Grained Image Categorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05235.pdf)
>  Fine-grained image categorization is challenging due to the subtle inter-class differences.We posit that exploiting the rich relationships between channels can help capture such differences since different channels correspond to different semantics. In this paper, we propose a channel interaction network (CIN), which models the channel-wise interplay both within an image and across images. For a single image, a self-channel interaction (SCI) module is proposed to explore channel-wise correlation within the image. This allows the model to learn the complementary features from the correlated channels, yielding stronger fine-grained features. Furthermore, given an image pair, we introduce a contrastive channel interaction (CCI) module to model the cross-sample channel interaction with a metric learning framework, allowing the CIN to distinguish the subtle visual differences between images. Our model can be trained efficiently in an end-to-end fashion without the need of multi-stage training and testing. Finally, comprehensive experiments are conducted on three publicly available benchmarks, where the proposed method consistently outperforms the state-of-theart approaches, such as DFL-CNN (Wang, Morariu, and Davis 2018) and NTS (Yang et al. 2018). 
### 10.Keyfilter-Aware Real-Time UAV Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05218.pdf)
>  Correlation filter-based tracking has been widely applied in unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) with high efficiency. However, it has two imperfections, i.e., boundary effect and filter corruption. Several methods enlarging the search area can mitigate boundary effect, yet introducing undesired background distraction. Existing frame-by-frame context learning strategies for repressing background distraction nevertheless lower the tracking speed. Inspired by keyframe-based simultaneous localization and mapping, keyfilter is proposed in visual tracking for the first time, in order to handle the above issues efficiently and effectively. Keyfilters generated by periodically selected keyframes learn the context intermittently and are used to restrain the learning of filters, so that 1) context awareness can be transmitted to all the filters via keyfilter restriction, and 2) filter corruption can be repressed. Compared to the state-of-the-art results, our tracker performs better on two challenging benchmarks, with enough speed for UAV real-time applications. 
### 11.A Fourier Domain Feature Approach for Human Activity Recognition &amp; Fall Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05209.pdf)
>  Elder people consequence a variety of problems while living Activities of Daily Living (ADL) for the reason of age, sense, loneliness and cognitive changes. These cause the risk to ADL which leads to several falls. Getting real life fall data is a difficult process and are not available whereas simulated falls become ubiquitous to evaluate the proposed methodologies. From the literature review, it is investigated that most of the researchers used raw and energy features (time domain features) of the signal data as those are most discriminating. However, in real life situations fall signal may be noisy than the current simulated data. Hence the result using raw feature may dramatically changes when using in a real life scenario. This research is using frequency domain Fourier coefficient features to differentiate various human activities of daily life. The feature vector constructed using those Fast Fourier Transform are robust to noise and rotation invariant. Two different supervised classifiers kNN and SVM are used for evaluating the method. Two standard publicly available datasets are used for benchmark analysis. In this research, more discriminating results are obtained applying kNN classifier than the SVM classifier. Various standard measure including Standard Accuracy (SA), Macro Average Accuracy (MAA), Sensitivity (SE) and Specificity (SP) has been accounted. In all cases, the proposed method outperforms energy features whereas competitive results are shown with raw features. It is also noticed that the proposed method performs better than the recently risen deep learning approach in which data augmentation method were not used. 
### 12.Improving Convolutional Neural Networks Via Conservative Field Regularisation and Integration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05182.pdf)
>  Current research in convolutional neural networks (CNN) focuses mainly on changing the architecture of the networks, optimizing the hyper-parameters and improving the gradient descent. However, most work use only 3 standard families of operations inside the CNN, the convolution, the activation function, and the pooling. In this work, we propose a new family of operations based on the Green's function of the Laplacian, which allows the network to solve the Laplacian, to integrate any vector field and to regularize the field by forcing it to be conservative. Hence, the Green's function (GF) is the first operation that regularizes the 2D or 3D feature space by forcing it to be conservative and physically interpretable, instead of regularizing the norm of the weights. Our results show that such regularization allows the network to learn faster, to have smoother training curves and to better generalize, without any additional parameter. The current manuscript presents early results, more work is required to benchmark the proposed method. 
### 13.Equalization Loss for Long-Tailed Object Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05176.pdf)
>  Object recognition techniques using convolutional neural networks (CNN) have achieved great success. However, state-of-the-art object detection methods still perform poorly on large vocabulary and long-tailed datasets, e.g. LVIS. In this work, we analyze this problem from a novel perspective: each positive sample of one category can be seen as a negative sample for other categories, making the tail categories receive more discouraging gradients. Based on it, we propose a simple but effective loss, named equalization loss, to tackle the problem of long-tailed rare categories by simply ignoring those gradients for rare categories. The equalization loss protects the learning of rare categories from being at a disadvantage during the network parameter updating. Thus the model is capable of learning better discriminative features for objects of rare classes. Without any bells and whistles, our method achieves AP gains of 4.1% and 4.8% for the rare and common categories on the challenging LVIS benchmark, compared to the Mask R-CNN baseline. With the utilization of the effective equalization loss, we finally won the 1st place in the LVIS Challenge 2019. Code has been made available at: https: //github.com/tztztztztz/eql.detectron2 
### 14.Video2Commonsense: Generating Commonsense Descriptions to Enrich Video Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05162.pdf)
>  Captioning is a crucial and challenging task for video understanding. In videos that involve active agents such as humans, the agent's actions can bring about myriad changes in the scene. These changes can be observable, such as movements, manipulations, and transformations of the objects in the scene -- these are reflected in conventional video captioning. However, unlike images, actions in videos are also inherently linked to social and commonsense aspects such as intentions (why the action is taking place), attributes (such as who is doing the action, on whom, where, using what etc.) and effects (how the world changes due to the action, the effect of the action on other agents). Thus for video understanding, such as when captioning videos or when answering question about videos, one must have an understanding of these commonsense aspects. We present the first work on generating \textit{commonsense} captions directly from videos, in order to describe latent aspects such as intentions, attributes, and effects. We present a new dataset "Video-to-Commonsense (V2C)" that contains 9k videos of human agents performing various actions, annotated with 3 types of commonsense descriptions. Additionally we explore the use of open-ended video-based commonsense question answering (V2C-QA) as a way to enrich our captions. We finetune our commonsense generation models on the V2C-QA task where we ask questions about the latent aspects in the video. Both the generation task and the QA task can be used to enrich video captions. 
### 15.Regularized Adaptation for Stable and Efficient Continuous-Level Learning on Image Processing Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05145.pdf)
>  In Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based image processing, most of the studies propose networks that are optimized for a single-level (or a single-objective); thus, they underperform on other levels and must be retrained for delivery of optimal performance. Using multiple models to cover multiple levels involves very high computational costs. To solve these problems, recent approaches train the networks on two different levels and propose their own interpolation methods to enable the arbitrary intermediate levels. However, many of them fail to adapt hard tasks or interpolate smoothly, or the others still require large memory and computational cost. In this paper, we propose a novel continuous-level learning framework using a Filter Transition Network (FTN) which is a non-linear module that easily adapt to new levels, and is regularized to prevent undesirable side-effects. Additionally, for stable learning of FTN, we newly propose a method to initialize non-linear CNNs with identity mappings. Furthermore, FTN is extremely lightweight module since it is a data-independent module, which means it is not affected by the spatial resolution of the inputs. Extensive results for various image processing tasks indicate that the performance of FTN is stable in terms of adaptation and interpolation, and comparable to that of the other heavy frameworks. 
### 16.CASIA-SURF CeFA: A Benchmark for Multi-modal Cross-ethnicity Face Anti-spoofing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05136.pdf)
>  Ethnic bias has proven to negatively affect the performance of face recognition systems, and it remains an open research problem in face anti-spoofing. In order to study the ethnic bias for face anti-spoofing, we introduce the largest up to date CASIA-SURF Cross-ethnicity Face Anti-spoofing (CeFA) dataset (briefly named CeFA), covering $3$ ethnicities, $3$ modalities, $1,607$ subjects, and 2D plus 3D attack types. Four protocols are introduced to measure the affect under varied evaluation conditions, such as cross-ethnicity, unknown spoofs or both of them. To the best of our knowledge, CeFA is the first dataset including explicit ethnic labels in current published/released datasets for face anti-spoofing. Then, we propose a novel multi-modal fusion method as a strong baseline to alleviate these bias, namely, the static-dynamic fusion mechanism applied in each modality (i.e., RGB, Depth and infrared image). Later, a partially shared fusion strategy is proposed to learn complementary information from multiple modalities. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art results on the CASIA-SURF, OULU-NPU, SiW and the CeFA dataset. 
### 17.Cars Can't Fly up in the Sky: Improving Urban-Scene Segmentation via Height-driven Attention Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05128.pdf)
>  This paper exploits the intrinsic features of urban-scene images and proposes a general add-on module, called height-driven attention networks (HANet), for improving semantic segmentation for urban-scene images. It emphasizes informative features or classes selectively according to the vertical position of a pixel. The pixel-wise class distributions are significantly different from each other among horizontally segmented sections in the urban-scene images. Likewise, urban-scene images have their own distinct characteristics, but most semantic segmentation networks do not reflect such unique attributes in the architecture. The proposed network architecture incorporates the capability exploiting the attributes to handle the urban scene dataset effectively. We validate the consistent performance (mIoU) increase of various semantic segmentation models on two datasets when HANet is adopted. This extensive quantitative analysis demonstrates that adding our module to existing models is easy and cost-effective. Our method achieves a new state-of-the-art performance on the Cityscapes benchmark with a large margin among ResNet101 based segmentation models. Also, we show that the proposed model is coherent with the facts observed in the urban scene by visualizing and interpreting the attention map. 
### 18.Uncertainty depth estimation with gated images for 3D reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05122.pdf)
>  Gated imaging is an emerging sensor technology for self-driving cars that provides high-contrast images even under adverse weather influence. It has been shown that this technology can even generate high-fidelity dense depth maps with accuracy comparable to scanning LiDAR systems. In this work, we extend the recent Gated2Depth framework with aleatoric uncertainty providing an additional confidence measure for the depth estimates. This confidence can help to filter out uncertain estimations in regions without any illumination. Moreover, we show that training on dense depth maps generated by LiDAR depth completion algorithms can further improve the performance. 
### 19.PONAS: Progressive One-shot Neural Architecture Search for Very Efficient Deployment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05112.pdf)
>  We achieve very efficient deep learning model deployment that designs neural network architectures to fit different hardware constraints. Given a constraint, most neural architecture search (NAS) methods either sample a set of sub-networks according to a pre-trained accuracy predictor, or adopt the evolutionary algorithm to evolve specialized networks from the supernet. Both approaches are time consuming. Here our key idea for very efficient deployment is, when searching the architecture space, constructing a table that stores the validation accuracy of all candidate blocks at all layers. For a stricter hardware constraint, the architecture of a specialized network can be very efficiently determined based on this table by picking the best candidate blocks that yield the least accuracy loss. To accomplish this idea, we propose Progressive One-shot Neural Architecture Search (PONAS) that combines advantages of progressive NAS and one-shot methods. In PONAS, we propose a two-stage training scheme, including the meta training stage and the fine-tuning stage, to make the search process efficient and stable. During search, we evaluate candidate blocks in different layers and construct the accuracy table that is to be used in deployment. Comprehensive experiments verify that PONAS is extremely flexible, and is able to find architecture of a specialized network in around 10 seconds. In ImageNet classification, 75.2% top-1 accuracy can be obtained, which is comparable with the state of the arts. 
### 20.Learning-Based Human Segmentation and Velocity Estimation Using Automatic Labeled LiDAR Sequence for Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05093.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an automatic labeled sequential data generation pipeline for human segmentation and velocity estimation with point clouds. Considering the impact of deep neural networks, state-of-the-art network architectures have been proposed for human recognition using point clouds captured by Light Detection and Ranging (LiDAR). However, one disadvantage is that legacy datasets may only cover the image domain without providing important label information and this limitation has disturbed the progress of research to date. Therefore, we develop an automatic labeled sequential data generation pipeline, in which we can control any parameter or data generation environment with pixel-wise and per-frame ground truth segmentation and pixel-wise velocity information for human recognition. Our approach uses a precise human model and reproduces a precise motion to generate realistic artificial data. We present more than 7K video sequences which consist of 32 frames generated by the proposed pipeline. With the proposed sequence generator, we confirm that human segmentation performance is improved when using the video domain compared to when using the image domain. We also evaluate our data by comparing with data generated under different conditions. In addition, we estimate pedestrian velocity with LiDAR by only utilizing data generated by the proposed pipeline. 
### 21.SOS: Selective Objective Switch for Rapid Immunofluorescence Whole Slide Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05080.pdf)
>  The difficulty of processing gigapixel whole slide images (WSIs) in clinical microscopy has been a long-standing barrier to implementing computer aided diagnostic systems. Since modern computing resources are unable to perform computations at this extremely large scale, current state of the art methods utilize patch-based processing to preserve the resolution of WSIs. However, these methods are often resource intensive and make significant compromises on processing time. In this paper, we demonstrate that conventional patch-based processing is redundant for certain WSI classification tasks where high resolution is only required in a minority of cases. This reflects what is observed in clinical practice; where a pathologist may screen slides using a low power objective and only switch to a high power in cases where they are uncertain about their findings. To eliminate these redundancies, we propose a method for the selective use of high resolution processing based on the confidence of predictions on downscaled WSIs --- we call this the Selective Objective Switch (SOS). Our method is validated on a novel dataset of 684 Liver-Kidney-Stomach immunofluorescence WSIs routinely used in the investigation of autoimmune liver disease. By limiting high resolution processing to cases which cannot be classified confidently at low resolution, we maintain the accuracy of patch-level analysis whilst reducing the inference time by a factor of 7.74. 
### 22.Visual Grounding in Video for Unsupervised Word Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05078.pdf)
>  There are thousands of actively spoken languages on Earth, but a single visual world. Grounding in this visual world has the potential to bridge the gap between all these languages. Our goal is to use visual grounding to improve unsupervised word mapping between languages. The key idea is to establish a common visual representation between two languages by learning embeddings from unpaired instructional videos narrated in the native language. Given this shared embedding we demonstrate that (i) we can map words between the languages, particularly the 'visual' words; (ii) that the shared embedding provides a good initialization for existing unsupervised text-based word translation techniques, forming the basis for our proposed hybrid visual-text mapping algorithm, MUVE; and (iii) our approach achieves superior performance by addressing the shortcomings of text-based methods -- it is more robust, handles datasets with less commonality, and is applicable to low-resource languages. We apply these methods to translate words from English to French, Korean, and Japanese -- all without any parallel corpora and simply by watching many videos of people speaking while doing things. 
### 23.Cloth in the Wind: A Case Study of Physical Measurement through Simulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05065.pdf)
>  For many of the physical phenomena around us, we have developed sophisticated models explaining their behavior. Nevertheless, measuring physical properties from visual observations is challenging due to the high number of causally underlying physical parameters -- including material properties and external forces. In this paper, we propose to measure latent physical properties for cloth in the wind without ever having seen a real example before. Our solution is an iterative refinement procedure with simulation at its core. The algorithm gradually updates the physical model parameters by running a simulation of the observed phenomenon and comparing the current simulation to a real-world observation. The correspondence is measured using an embedding function that maps physically similar examples to nearby points. We consider a case study of cloth in the wind, with curling flags as our leading example -- a seemingly simple phenomena but physically highly involved. Based on the physics of cloth and its visual manifestation, we propose an instantiation of the embedding function. For this mapping, modeled as a deep network, we introduce a spectral layer that decomposes a video volume into its temporal spectral power and corresponding frequencies. Our experiments demonstrate that the proposed method compares favorably to prior work on the task of measuring cloth material properties and external wind force from a real-world video. 
### 24.Rapid AI Development Cycle for the Coronavirus (COVID-19) Pandemic: Initial Results for Automated Detection &amp; Patient Monitoring using Deep Learning CT Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05037.pdf)
>  Purpose: Develop AI-based automated CT image analysis tools for detection, quantification, and tracking of Coronavirus; demonstrate they can differentiate coronavirus patients from non-patients. Materials and Methods: Multiple international datasets, including from Chinese disease-infected areas were included. We present a system that utilizes robust 2D and 3D deep learning models, modifying and adapting existing AI models and combining them with clinical understanding. We conducted multiple retrospective experiments to analyze the performance of the system in the detection of suspected COVID-19 thoracic CT features and to evaluate evolution of the disease in each patient over time using a 3D volume review, generating a Corona score. The study includes a testing set of 157 international patients (China and U.S). Results: Classification results for Coronavirus vs Non-coronavirus cases per thoracic CT studies were 0.996 AUC (95%CI: 0.989-1.00) ; on datasets of Chinese control and infected patients. Possible working point: 98.2% sensitivity, 92.2% specificity. For time analysis of Coronavirus patients, the system output enables quantitative measurements for smaller opacities (volume, diameter) and visualization of the larger opacities in a slice-based heat map or a 3D volume display. Our suggested Corona score measures the progression of disease over time. Conclusion: This initial study, which is currently being expanded to a larger population, demonstrated that rapidly developed AI-based image analysis can achieve high accuracy in detection of Coronavirus as well as quantification and tracking of disease burden. 
### 25.SuperMix: Supervising the Mixing Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05034.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a supervised mixing augmentation method, termed SuperMix, which exploits the knowledge of a teacher to mix images based on their salient regions. SuperMix optimizes a mixing objective that considers: i) forcing the class of input images to appear in the mixed image, ii) preserving the local structure of images, and iii) reducing the risk of suppressing important features. To make the mixing suitable for large-scale applications, we develop an optimization technique, $65\times$ faster than gradient descent on the same problem. We validate the effectiveness of SuperMix through extensive evaluations and ablation studies on two tasks of object classification and knowledge distillation. On the classification task, SuperMix provides the same performance as the advanced augmentation methods, such as AutoAugment. On the distillation task, SuperMix sets a new state-of-the-art with a significantly simplified distillation method. Particularly, in six out of eight teacher-student setups from the same architectures, the students trained on the mixed data surpass their teachers with a notable margin. 
### 26.Learning Video Object Segmentation from Unlabeled Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05020.pdf)
>  We propose a new method for video object segmentation (VOS) that addresses object pattern learning from unlabeled videos, unlike most existing methods which rely heavily on extensive annotated data. We introduce a unified unsupervised/weakly supervised learning framework, called MuG, that comprehensively captures intrinsic properties of VOS at multiple granularities. Our approach can help advance understanding of visual patterns in VOS and significantly reduce annotation burden. With a carefully-designed architecture and strong representation learning ability, our learned model can be applied to diverse VOS settings, including object-level zero-shot VOS, instance-level zero-shot VOS, and one-shot VOS. Experiments demonstrate promising performance in these settings, as well as the potential of MuG in leveraging unlabeled data to further improve the segmentation accuracy. 
### 27.PL${}_{1}$P -- Point-line Minimal Problems under Partial Visibility in Three Views  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05015.pdf)
>  We present a complete classification of minimal problems for generic arrangements of points and lines in space observed partially by three calibrated perspective cameras when each line is incident to at most one point. This is a large class of interesting minimal problems that allows missing observations in images due to occlusions and missed detections. There is an infinite number of such minimal problems; however, we show that they can be reduced to 140616 equivalence classes by removing superfluous features and relabeling the cameras. We also introduce camera-minimal problems, which are practical for designing minimal solvers, and show how to pick a simplest camera-minimal problem for each minimal problem. This simplification results in 74575 equivalence classes. Only 76 of these were known; the rest are new. In order to identify problems that have potential for practical solving of image matching and 3D reconstruction, we present several smaller natural subfamilies of camera-minimal problems as well as compute solution counts for all camera-minimal problems which have less than 300 solutions for generic data. 
### 28.Using an ensemble color space model to tackle adversarial examples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05005.pdf)
>  Minute pixel changes in an image drastically change the prediction that the deep learning model makes. One of the most significant problems that could arise due to this, for instance, is autonomous driving. Many methods have been proposed to combat this with varying amounts of success. We propose a 3 step method for defending such attacks. First, we denoise the image using statistical methods. Second, we show that adopting multiple color spaces in the same model can help us to fight these adversarial attacks further as each color space detects certain features explicit to itself. Finally, the feature maps generated are enlarged and sent back as an input to obtain even smaller features. We show that the proposed model does not need to be trained to defend an particular type of attack and is inherently more robust to black-box, white-box, and grey-box adversarial attack techniques. In particular, the model is 56.12 percent more robust than compared models in case of white box attacks when the models are not subject to adversarial example training. 
### 29.LC-GAN: Image-to-image Translation Based on Generative Adversarial Network for Endoscopic Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04949.pdf)
>  The intelligent perception of endoscopic vision is appealing in many computer-assisted and robotic surgeries. Achieving good vision-based analysis with deep learning techniques requires large labeled datasets, but manual data labeling is expensive and time-consuming in medical problems. When applying a trained model to a different but relevant dataset, a new labeled dataset may be required for training to avoid performance degradation. In this work, we investigate a novel cross-domain strategy to reduce the need for manual data labeling by proposing an image-to-image translation model called live-cadaver GAN (LC-GAN) based on generative adversarial networks (GANs). More specifically, we consider a situation when a labeled cadaveric surgery dataset is available while the task is instrument segmentation on a live surgery dataset. We train LC-GAN to learn the mappings between the cadaveric and live datasets. To achieve instrument segmentation on live images, we can first translate the live images to fake-cadaveric images with LC-GAN, and then perform segmentation on the fake-cadaveric images with models trained on the real cadaveric dataset. With this cross-domain strategy, we fully leverage the labeled cadaveric dataset for segmentation on live images without the need to label the live dataset again. Two generators with different architectures are designed for LC-GAN to make use of the deep feature representation learned from the cadaveric image based instrument segmentation task. Moreover, we propose structural similarity loss and segmentation consistency loss to improve the semantic consistency during translation. The results demonstrate that LC-GAN achieves better image-to-image translation results, and leads to improved segmentation performance in the proposed cross-domain segmentation task. 
### 30.Tidying Deep Saliency Prediction Architectures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04942.pdf)
>  Learning computational models for visual attention (saliency estimation) is an effort to inch machines/robots closer to human visual cognitive abilities. Data-driven efforts have dominated the landscape since the introduction of deep neural network architectures. In deep learning research, the choices in architecture design are often empirical and frequently lead to more complex models than necessary. The complexity, in turn, hinders the application requirements. In this paper, we identify four key components of saliency models, i.e., input features, multi-level integration, readout architecture, and loss functions. We review the existing state of the art models on these four components and propose novel and simpler alternatives. As a result, we propose two novel end-to-end architectures called SimpleNet and MDNSal, which are neater, minimal, more interpretable and achieve state of the art performance on public saliency benchmarks. SimpleNet is an optimized encoder-decoder architecture and brings notable performance gains on the SALICON dataset (the largest saliency benchmark). MDNSal is a parametric model that directly predicts parameters of a GMM distribution and is aimed to bring more interpretability to the prediction maps. The proposed saliency models can be inferred at 25fps, making them suitable for real-time applications. Code and pre-trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/samyak0210/saliency" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 31.HEMlets PoSh: Learning Part-Centric Heatmap Triplets for 3D Human Pose and Shape Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04894.pdf)
>  Estimating 3D human pose from a single image is a challenging task. This work attempts to address the uncertainty of lifting the detected 2D joints to the 3D space by introducing an intermediate state-Part-Centric Heatmap Triplets (HEMlets), which shortens the gap between the 2D observation and the 3D interpretation. The HEMlets utilize three joint-heatmaps to represent the relative depth information of the end-joints for each skeletal body part. In our approach, a Convolutional Network (ConvNet) is first trained to predict HEMlets from the input image, followed by a volumetric joint-heatmap regression. We leverage on the integral operation to extract the joint locations from the volumetric heatmaps, guaranteeing end-to-end learning. Despite the simplicity of the network design, the quantitative comparisons show a significant performance improvement over the best-of-grade methods (e.g. $20\%$ on Human3.6M). The proposed method naturally supports training with "in-the-wild" images, where only weakly-annotated relative depth information of skeletal joints is available. This further improves the generalization ability of our model, as validated by qualitative comparisons on outdoor images. Leveraging the strength of the HEMlets pose estimation, we further design and append a shallow yet effective network module to regress the SMPL parameters of the body pose and shape. We term the entire HEMlets-based human pose and shape recovery pipeline HEMlets PoSh. Extensive quantitative and qualitative experiments on the existing human body recovery benchmarks justify the state-of-the-art results obtained with our HEMlets PoSh approach. 
### 32.Learning Diverse Fashion Collocation by Neural Graph Filtering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04888.pdf)
>  Fashion recommendation systems are highly desired by customers to find visually-collocated fashion items, such as clothes, shoes, bags, etc. While existing methods demonstrate promising results, they remain lacking in flexibility and diversity, e.g. assuming a fixed number of items or favoring safe but boring recommendations. In this paper, we propose a novel fashion collocation framework, Neural Graph Filtering, that models a flexible set of fashion items via a graph neural network. Specifically, we consider the visual embeddings of each garment as a node in the graph, and describe the inter-garment relationship as the edge between nodes. By applying symmetric operations on the edge vectors, this framework allows varying numbers of inputs/outputs and is invariant to their ordering. We further include a style classifier augmented with focal loss to enable the collocation of significantly diverse styles, which are inherently imbalanced in the training set. To facilitate a comprehensive study on diverse fashion collocation, we reorganize Amazon Fashion dataset with carefully designed evaluation protocols. We evaluate the proposed approach on three popular benchmarks, the Polyvore dataset, the Polyvore-D dataset, and our reorganized Amazon Fashion dataset. Extensive experimental results show that our approach significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods with over 10% improvements on the standard AUC metric on the established tasks. More importantly, 82.5% of the users prefer our diverse-style recommendations over other alternatives in a real-world perception study. 
### 33.Learning Predictive Representations for Deformable Objects Using Contrastive Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05436.pdf)
>  Using visual model-based learning for deformable object manipulation is challenging due to difficulties in learning plannable visual representations along with complex dynamic models. In this work, we propose a new learning framework that jointly optimizes both the visual representation model and the dynamics model using contrastive estimation. Using simulation data collected by randomly perturbing deformable objects on a table, we learn latent dynamics models for these objects in an offline fashion. Then, using the learned models, we use simple model-based planning to solve challenging deformable object manipulation tasks such as spreading ropes and cloths. Experimentally, we show substantial improvements in performance over standard model-based learning techniques across our rope and cloth manipulation suite. Finally, we transfer our visual manipulation policies trained on data purely collected in simulation to a real PR2 robot through domain randomization. 
### 34.Gauge Equivariant Mesh CNNs: Anisotropic convolutions on geometric graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05425.pdf)
>  A common approach to define convolutions on meshes is to interpret them as a graph and apply graph convolutional networks (GCNs). Such GCNs utilize isotropic kernels and are therefore insensitive to the relative orientation of vertices and thus to the geometry of the mesh as a whole. We propose Gauge Equivariant Mesh CNNs which generalize GCNs to apply anisotropic gauge equivariant kernels. Since the resulting features carry orientation information, we introduce a geometric message passing scheme defined by parallel transporting features over mesh edges. Our experiments validate the significantly improved expressivity of the proposed model over conventional GCNs and other methods. 
### 35.Early Response Assessment in Lung Cancer Patients using Spatio-temporal CBCT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05408.pdf)
>  We report a model to predict patient's radiological response to curative radiation therapy (RT) for non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). <br>Cone-Beam Computed Tomography images acquired weekly during the six-week course of RT were contoured with the Gross Tumor Volume (GTV) by senior radiation oncologists for 53 patients (7 images per patient). <br>Deformable registration of the images yielded six deformation fields for each pair of consecutive images per patient. <br>Jacobian of a field provides a measure of local expansion/contraction and is used in our model. <br>Delineations were compared post-registration to compute unchanged ($U$), newly grown ($G$), and reduced ($R$) regions within GTV. <br>The mean Jacobian of these regions $\mu_U$, $\mu_G$ and $\mu_R$ are statistically compared and a response assessment model is proposed. <br>A good response is hypothesized if $\mu_R &lt; 1.0$, $\mu_R &lt; \mu_U$, and $\mu_G &lt; \mu_U$. <br>For early prediction of post-treatment response, first, three weeks' images are used. <br>Our model predicted clinical response with a precision of $74\%$. <br>Using reduction in CT numbers (CTN) and percentage GTV reduction as features in logistic regression, yielded an area-under-curve of 0.65 with p=0.005. <br>Combining logistic regression model with the proposed hypothesis yielded an odds ratio of 20.0 (p=0.0). 
### 36.ENSEI: Efficient Secure Inference via Frequency-Domain Homomorphic Convolution for Privacy-Preserving Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05328.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose ENSEI, a secure inference (SI) framework based on the frequency-domain secure convolution (FDSC) protocol for the efficient execution of privacy-preserving visual recognition. Our observation is that, under the combination of homomorphic encryption and secret sharing, homomorphic convolution can be obliviously carried out in the frequency domain, significantly simplifying the related computations. We provide protocol designs and parameter derivations for number-theoretic transform (NTT) based FDSC. In the experiment, we thoroughly study the accuracy-efficiency trade-offs between time- and frequency-domain homomorphic convolution. With ENSEI, compared to the best known works, we achieve 5--11x online time reduction, up to 33x setup time reduction, and up to 10x reduction in the overall inference time. A further 33% of bandwidth reductions can be obtained on binary neural networks with only 1% of accuracy degradation on the CIFAR-10 dataset. 
### 37.A Mobile Robot Hand-Arm Teleoperation System by Vision and IMU  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05212.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a multimodal mobile teleoperation system that consists of a novel vision-based hand pose regression network (Transteleop) and an IMU-based arm tracking method. Transteleop observes the human hand through a low-cost depth camera and generates not only joint angles but also depth images of paired robot hand poses through an image-to-image translation process. A keypoint-based reconstruction loss explores the resemblance in appearance and anatomy between human and robotic hands and enriches the local features of reconstructed images. A wearable camera holder enables simultaneous hand-arm control and facilitates the mobility of the whole teleoperation system. Network evaluation results on a test dataset and a variety of complex manipulation tasks that go beyond simple pick-and-place operations show the efficiency and stability of our multimodal teleoperation system. 
### 38.FlowFusion: Dynamic Dense RGB-D SLAM Based on Optical Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05102.pdf)
>  Dynamic environments are challenging for visual SLAM since the moving objects occlude the static environment features and lead to wrong camera motion estimation. In this paper, we present a novel dense RGB-D SLAM solution that simultaneously accomplishes the dynamic/static segmentation and camera ego-motion estimation as well as the static background reconstructions. Our novelty is using optical flow residuals to highlight the dynamic semantics in the RGB-D point clouds and provide more accurate and efficient dynamic/static segmentation for camera tracking and background reconstruction. The dense reconstruction results on public datasets and real dynamic scenes indicate that the proposed approach achieved accurate and efficient performances in both dynamic and static environments compared to state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 39.Multi-level Context Gating of Embedded Collective Knowledge for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05056.pdf)
>  Medical image segmentation has been very challenging due to the large variation of anatomy across different cases. Recent advances in deep learning frameworks have exhibited faster and more accurate performance in image segmentation. Among the existing networks, U-Net has been successfully applied on medical image segmentation. In this paper, we propose an extension of U-Net for medical image segmentation, in which we take full advantages of U-Net, Squeeze and Excitation (SE) block, bi-directional ConvLSTM (BConvLSTM), and the mechanism of dense convolutions. (I) We improve the segmentation performance by utilizing SE modules within the U-Net, with a minor effect on model complexity. These blocks adaptively recalibrate the channel-wise feature responses by utilizing a self-gating mechanism of the global information embedding of the feature maps. (II) To strengthen feature propagation and encourage feature reuse, we use densely connected convolutions in the last convolutional layer of the encoding path. (III) Instead of a simple concatenation in the skip connection of U-Net, we employ BConvLSTM in all levels of the network to combine the feature maps extracted from the corresponding encoding path and the previous decoding up-convolutional layer in a non-linear way. The proposed model is evaluated on six datasets DRIVE, ISIC 2017 and 2018, lung segmentation, $PH^2$, and cell nuclei segmentation, achieving state-of-the-art performance. 
### 40.Computed Tomography Reconstruction Using Deep Image Prior and Learned Reconstruction Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04989.pdf)
>  In this work, we investigate the application of deep learning methods for computed tomography in the context of having a low-data regime. As motivation, we review some of the existing approaches and obtain quantitative results after training them with different amounts of data. We find that the learned primal-dual has an outstanding performance in terms of reconstruction quality and data efficiency. However, in general, end-to-end learned methods have two issues: a) lack of classical guarantees in inverse problems and b) lack of generalization when not trained with enough data. To overcome these issues, we bring in the deep image prior approach in combination with classical regularization. The proposed methods improve the state-of-the-art results in the low data-regime. 
### 41.SAFE: Similarity-Aware Multi-Modal Fake News Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04981.pdf)
>  Effective detection of fake news has recently attracted significant attention. Current studies have made significant contributions to predicting fake news with less focus on exploiting the relationship (similarity) between the textual and visual information in news articles. Attaching importance to such similarity helps identify fake news stories that, for example, attempt to use irrelevant images to attract readers' attention. In this work, we propose a $\mathsf{S}$imilarity-$\mathsf{A}$ware $\mathsf{F}$ak$\mathsf{E}$ news detection method ($\mathsf{SAFE}$) which investigates multi-modal (textual and visual) information of news articles. First, neural networks are adopted to separately extract textual and visual features for news representation. We further investigate the relationship between the extracted features across modalities. Such representations of news textual and visual information along with their relationship are jointly learned and used to predict fake news. The proposed method facilitates recognizing the falsity of news articles based on their text, images, or their "mismatches." We conduct extensive experiments on large-scale real-world data, which demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. 
