# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 11 Mar 2020
### 1.Unpaired Image-to-Image Translation using Adversarial Consistency Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04858.pdf)
>  Unpaired image-to-image translation is a class of vision problems whose goal is to find the mapping between different image domains using unpaired training data. Cycle-consistency loss is a widely used constraint for such problems. However, due to the strict pixel-level constraint, it cannot perform geometric changes, remove large objects, or ignore irrelevant texture. In this paper, we propose a novel adversarial-consistency loss for image-to-image translation. This loss does not require the translated image to be translated back to be a specific source image but can encourage the translated images to retain important features of the source images and overcome the drawbacks of cycle-consistency loss noted above. Our method achieves state-of-the-art results on three challenging tasks: glasses removal, male-to-female translation, and selfie-to-anime translation. 
### 2.Image Restoration for Under-Display Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04857.pdf)
>  The new trend of full-screen devices encourages us to position a camera behind a screen. Removing the bezel and centralizing the camera under the screen brings larger display-to-body ratio and enhances eye contact in video chat, but also causes image degradation. In this paper, we focus on a newly-defined Under-Display Camera (UDC), as a novel real-world single image restoration problem. First, we take a 4k Transparent OLED (T-OLED) and a phone Pentile OLED (P-OLED) and analyze their optical systems to understand the degradation. Second, we design a novel Monitor-Camera Imaging System (MCIS) for easier real pair data acquisition, and a model-based data synthesizing pipeline to generate UDC data only from display pattern and camera measurements. Finally, we resolve the complicated degradation using learning-based methods. Our model demonstrates a real-time high-quality restoration trained with either real or synthetic data. The presented results and methods provide good practice to apply image restoration to real-world applications. 
### 3.PANDA: A Gigapixel-level Human-centric Video Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04852.pdf)
>  We present PANDA, the first gigaPixel-level humAN-centric viDeo dAtaset, for large-scale, long-term, and multi-object visual analysis. The videos in PANDA were captured by a gigapixel camera and cover real-world scenes with both wide field-of-view (~1 square kilometer area) and high-resolution details (~gigapixel-level/frame). The scenes may contain 4k head counts with over 100x scale variation. PANDA provides enriched and hierarchical ground-truth annotations, including 15,974.6k bounding boxes, 111.8k fine-grained attribute labels, 12.7k trajectories, 2.2k groups and 2.9k interactions. We benchmark the human detection and tracking tasks. Due to the vast variance of pedestrian pose, scale, occlusion and trajectory, existing approaches are challenged by both accuracy and efficiency. Given the uniqueness of PANDA with both wide FoV and high resolution, a new task of interaction-aware group detection is introduced. We design a 'global-to-local zoom-in' framework, where global trajectories and local interactions are simultaneously encoded, yielding promising results. We believe PANDA will contribute to the community of artificial intelligence and praxeology by understanding human behaviors and interactions in large-scale real-world scenes. PANDA Website: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.panda-dataset.com" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 4.Hierarchical Human Parsing with Typed Part-Relation Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04845.pdf)
>  Human parsing is for pixel-wise human semantic understanding. As human bodies are underlying hierarchically structured, how to model human structures is the central theme in this task. Focusing on this, we seek to simultaneously exploit the representational capacity of deep graph networks and the hierarchical human structures. In particular, we provide following two contributions. First, three kinds of part relations, i.e., decomposition, composition, and dependency, are, for the first time, completely and precisely described by three distinct relation networks. This is in stark contrast to previous parsers, which only focus on a portion of the relations and adopt a type-agnostic relation modeling strategy. More expressive relation information can be captured by explicitly imposing the parameters in the relation networks to satisfy the specific characteristics of different relations. Second, previous parsers largely ignore the need for an approximation algorithm over the loopy human hierarchy, while we instead address an iterative reasoning process, by assimilating generic message-passing networks with their edge-typed, convolutional counterparts. With these efforts, our parser lays the foundation for more sophisticated and flexible human relation patterns of reasoning. Comprehensive experiments on five datasets demonstrate that our parser sets a new state-of-the-art on each. 
### 5.SAD: Saliency-based Defenses Against Adversarial Examples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04820.pdf)
>  With the rise in popularity of machine and deep learning models, there is an increased focus on their vulnerability to malicious inputs. These adversarial examples drift model predictions away from the original intent of the network and are a growing concern in practical security. In order to combat these attacks, neural networks can leverage traditional image processing approaches or state-of-the-art defensive models to reduce perturbations in the data. Defensive approaches that take a global approach to noise reduction are effective against adversarial attacks, however their lossy approach often distorts important data within the image. In this work, we propose a visual saliency based approach to cleaning data affected by an adversarial attack. Our model leverages the salient regions of an adversarial image in order to provide a targeted countermeasure while comparatively reducing loss within the cleaned images. We measure the accuracy of our model by evaluating the effectiveness of state-of-the-art saliency methods prior to attack, under attack, and after application of cleaning methods. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach in comparison with related defenses and against established adversarial attack methods, across two saliency datasets. Our targeted approach shows significant improvements in a range of standard statistical and distance saliency metrics, in comparison with both traditional and state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 6.Dam Burst: A region-merging-based image segmentation method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04797.pdf)
>  Until now, all single level segmentation algorithms except CNN-based ones lead to over segmentation. And CNN-based segmentation algorithms have their own problems. To avoid over segmentation, multiple thresholds of criteria are adopted in region merging process to produce hierarchical segmentation results. However, there still has extreme over segmentation in the low level of the hierarchy, and outstanding tiny objects are merged to their large adjacencies in the high level of the hierarchy. This paper proposes a region-merging-based image segmentation method that we call it Dam Burst. As a single level segmentation algorithm, this method avoids over segmentation and retains details by the same time. It is named because of that it simulates a flooding from underground destroys dams between water-pools. We treat edge detection results as strengthening structure of a dam if it is on the dam. To simulate a flooding from underground, regions are merged by ascending order of the average gra-dient inside the region. 
### 7.Off-Road Drivable Area Extraction Using 3D LiDAR Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04780.pdf)
>  We propose a method for off-road drivable area extraction using 3D LiDAR data with the goal of autonomous driving application. A specific deep learning framework is designed to deal with the ambiguous area, which is one of the main challenges in the off-road environment. To reduce the considerable demand for human-annotated data for network training, we utilize the information from vast quantities of vehicle paths and auto-generated obstacle labels. Using these autogenerated annotations, the proposed network can be trained using weakly supervised or semi-supervised methods, which can achieve better performance with fewer human annotations. The experiments on our dataset illustrate the reasonability of our framework and the validity of our weakly and semi-supervised methods. 
### 8.Multi-Task Recurrent Neural Network for Surgical Gesture Recognition and Progress Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04772.pdf)
>  Surgical gesture recognition is important for surgical data science and computer-aided intervention. Even with robotic kinematic information, automatically segmenting surgical steps presents numerous challenges because surgical demonstrations are characterized by high variability in style, duration and order of actions. In order to extract discriminative features from the kinematic signals and boost recognition accuracy, we propose a multi-task recurrent neural network for simultaneous recognition of surgical gestures and estimation of a novel formulation of surgical task progress. To show the effectiveness of the presented approach, we evaluate its application on the JIGSAWS dataset, that is currently the only publicly available dataset for surgical gesture recognition featuring robot kinematic data. We demonstrate that recognition performance improves in multi-task frameworks with progress estimation without any additional manual labelling and training. 
### 9.AP-MTL: Attention Pruned Multi-task Learning Model for Real-time Instrument Detection and Segmentation in Robot-assisted Surgery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04769.pdf)
>  Surgical scene understanding and multi-tasking learning are crucial for image-guided robotic surgery. Training a real-time robotic system for the detection and segmentation of high-resolution images provides a challenging problem with the limited computational resource. The perception drawn can be applied in effective real-time feedback, surgical skill assessment, and human-robot collaborative surgeries to enhance surgical outcomes. For this purpose, we develop a novel end-to-end trainable real-time Multi-Task Learning (MTL) model with weight-shared encoder and task-aware detection and segmentation decoders. Optimization of multiple tasks at the same convergence point is vital and presents a complex problem. Thus, we propose an asynchronous task-aware optimization (ATO) technique to calculate task-oriented gradients and train the decoders independently. Moreover, MTL models are always computationally expensive, which hinder real-time applications. To address this challenge, we introduce a global attention dynamic pruning (GADP) by removing less significant and sparse parameters. We further design a skip squeeze and excitation (SE) module, which suppresses weak features, excites significant features and performs dynamic spatial and channel-wise feature re-calibration. Validating on the robotic instrument segmentation dataset of MICCAI endoscopic vision challenge, our model significantly outperforms state-of-the-art segmentation and detection models, including best-performed models in the challenge. 
### 10.Rainy screens: Collecting rainy datasets, indoors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04742.pdf)
>  Acquisition of data with adverse conditions in robotics is a cumbersome task due to the difficulty in guaranteeing proper ground truth and synchronising with desired weather conditions. In this paper, we present a simple method - recording a high resolution screen - for generating diverse rainy images from existing clear ground-truth images that is domain- and source-agnostic, simple and scales up. This setup allows us to leverage the diversity of existing datasets with auxiliary task ground-truth data, such as semantic segmentation, object positions etc. We generate rainy images with real adherent droplets and rain streaks based on Cityscapes and BDD, and train a de-raining model. We present quantitative results for image reconstruction and semantic segmentation, and qualitative results for an out-of-sample domain, showing that models trained with our data generalize well. 
### 11.Restore from Restored: Single Image Denoising with Pseudo Clean Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04721.pdf)
>  Under certain statistical assumptions of noise (e.g., zero-mean noise), recent self-supervised approaches for denoising have been introduced to learn network parameters without ground-truth clean images, and these methods can restore an image by exploiting information available from the given input (i.e., internal statistics) at test time. However, self-supervised methods are not yet properly combined with conventional supervised denoising methods which train the denoising networks with a large number of external training images. Thus, we propose a new denoising approach that can greatly outperform the state-of-the-art supervised denoising methods by adapting (fine-tuning) their network parameters to the given specific input through self-supervision without changing the fully original network architectures. We demonstrate that the proposed method can be easily employed with state-of-the-art denoising networks without additional parameters, and achieve state-of-the-art performance on numerous denoising benchmark datasets. 
### 12.Dual-attention Guided Dropblock Module for Weakly Supervised Object Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04719.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a dual-attention guided dropblock module, and target at learning the complementary and discriminative visual patterns for weakly supervised object localization (WSOL). We extend the attention mechanism in the task of WSOL, and carefully design two types of attention modules to capture the informative features for better feature representations. Based on two types of attention mechanism, we propose a channel attention guided dropout (CAGD) and a spatial attention guided dropblock (SAGD). The CAGD ranks channel attention according to a measure of importance and treat the top-k largest magnitude attentions as important ones. The SAGD can not only completely remove the information by erasing the contiguous regions of feature maps rather than individual pixels, but also simply sense the foreground objects and background regions to alleviate the attention misdirection. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed method achieves new state-of-the-art localization accuracy on three challenging datasets. 
### 13.Deep Blind Video Super-resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04716.pdf)
>  Existing video super-resolution (SR) algorithms usually assume that the blur kernels in the degradation process are known and do not model the blur kernels in the restoration. However, this assumption does not hold for video SR and usually leads to over-smoothed super-resolved images. In this paper, we propose a deep convolutional neural network (CNN) model to solve video SR by a blur kernel modeling approach. The proposed deep CNN model consists of motion blur estimation, motion estimation, and latent image restoration modules. The motion blur estimation module is used to provide reliable blur kernels. With the estimated blur kernel, we develop an image deconvolution method based on the image formation model of video SR to generate intermediate latent images so that some sharp image contents can be restored well. However, the generated intermediate latent images may contain artifacts. To generate high-quality images, we use the motion estimation module to explore the information from adjacent frames, where the motion estimation can constrain the deep CNN model for better image restoration. We show that the proposed algorithm is able to generate clearer images with finer structural details. Extensive experimental results show that the proposed algorithm performs favorably against state-of-the-art methods. 
### 14.Deep Hough Transform for Semantic Line Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04676.pdf)
>  In this paper, we put forward a simple yet effective method to detect meaningful straight lines, a.k.a. semantic lines, in given scenes. Prior methods take line detection as a special case of object detection, while neglect the inherent characteristics of lines, leading to less efficient and suboptimal results. We propose a one-shot end-to-end framework by incorporating the classical Hough transform into deeply learned representations. By parameterizing lines with slopes and biases, we perform Hough transform to translate deep representations to the parametric space and then directly detect lines in the parametric space. More concretely, we aggregate features along candidate lines on the feature map plane and then assign the aggregated features to corresponding locations in the parametric domain. Consequently, the problem of detecting semantic lines in the spatial domain is transformed to spotting individual points in the parametric domain, making the post-processing steps, \ie non-maximal suppression, more efficient. Furthermore, our method makes it easy to extract contextual line features, that are critical to accurate line detection. Experimental results on a public dataset demonstrate the advantages of our method over state-of-the-arts. 
### 15.Realizing Pixel-Level Semantic Learning in Complex Driving Scenes based on Only One Annotated Pixel per Class  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04671.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation tasks based on weakly supervised condition have been put forward to achieve a lightweight labeling process. For simple images that only include a few categories, researches based on image-level annotations have achieved acceptable performance. However, when facing complex scenes, since image contains a large amount of classes, it becomes difficult to learn visual appearance based on image tags. In this case, image-level annotations are not effective in providing information. Therefore, we set up a new task in which only one annotated pixel is provided for each category. Based on the more lightweight and informative condition, a three step process is built for pseudo labels generation, which progressively implement optimal feature representation for each category, image inference and context-location based refinement. In particular, since high-level semantics and low-level imaging feature have different discriminative ability for each class under driving scenes, we divide each category into "object" or "scene" and then provide different operations for the two types separately. Further, an alternate iterative structure is established to gradually improve segmentation performance, which combines CNN-based inter-image common semantic learning and imaging prior based intra-image modification process. Experiments on Cityscapes dataset demonstrate that the proposed method provides a feasible way to solve weakly supervised semantic segmentation task under complex driving scenes. 
### 16.Incremental Few-Shot Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04668.pdf)
>  Most existing object detection methods rely on the availability of abundant labelled training samples per class and offline model training in a batch mode. These requirements substantially limit their scalability to open-ended accommodation of novel classes with limited labelled training data. %, both in terms of model accuracy and training efficiency during deployment. We present a study aiming to go beyond these limitations by considering the Incremental Few-Shot Detection (iFSD) problem setting, where new classes must be registered incrementally (without revisiting base classes) and with few examples. To this end we propose OpeN-ended Centre nEt (ONCE), a detector designed for incrementally learning to detect novel class objects with few examples. This is achieved by an elegant adaptation of the CentreNet detector to the few-shot learning scenario, and meta-learning a class-specific code generator model for registering novel classes. ONCE fully respects the incremental learning paradigm, with novel class registration requiring only a single forward pass of few-shot training samples, and no access to base classes -- thus making it suitable for deployment on embedded devices. Extensive experiments conducted on both the standard object detection and fashion landmark detection tasks show the feasibility of iFSD for the first time, opening an interesting and very important line of research. 
### 17.Lung Infection Quantification of COVID-19 in CT Images with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04655.pdf)
>  CT imaging is crucial for diagnosis, assessment and staging COVID-19 infection. Follow-up scans every 3-5 days are often recommended for disease progression. It has been reported that bilateral and peripheral ground glass opacification (GGO) with or without consolidation are predominant CT findings in COVID-19 patients. However, due to lack of computerized quantification tools, only qualitative impression and rough description of infected areas are currently used in radiological reports. In this paper, a deep learning (DL)-based segmentation system is developed to automatically quantify infection regions of interest (ROIs) and their volumetric ratios w.r.t. the lung. The performance of the system was evaluated by comparing the automatically segmented infection regions with the manually-delineated ones on 300 chest CT scans of 300 COVID-19 patients. For fast manual delineation of training samples and possible manual intervention of automatic results, a human-in-the-loop (HITL) strategy has been adopted to assist radiologists for infection region segmentation, which dramatically reduced the total segmentation time to 4 minutes after 3 iterations of model updating. The average Dice simiarility coefficient showed 91.6% agreement between automatic and manual infaction segmentations, and the mean estimation error of percentage of infection (POI) was 0.3% for the whole lung. Finally, possible applications, including but not limited to analysis of follow-up CT scans and infection distributions in the lobes and segments correlated with clinical findings, were discussed. 
### 18.HeatNet: Bridging the Day-Night Domain Gap in Semantic Segmentation with Thermal Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04645.pdf)
>  The majority of learning-based semantic segmentation methods are optimized for daytime scenarios and favorable lighting conditions. Real-world driving scenarios, however, entail adverse environmental conditions such as nighttime illumination or glare which remain a challenge for existing approaches. In this work, we propose a multimodal semantic segmentation model that can be applied during daytime and nighttime. To this end, besides RGB images, we leverage thermal images, making our network significantly more robust. We avoid the expensive annotation of nighttime images by leveraging an existing daytime RGB-dataset and propose a teacher-student training approach that transfers the dataset's knowledge to the nighttime domain. We further employ a domain adaptation method to align the learned feature spaces across the domains and propose a novel two-stage training scheme. Furthermore, due to a lack of thermal data for autonomous driving, we present a new dataset comprising over 20,000 time-synchronized and aligned RGB-thermal image pairs. In this context, we also present a novel target-less calibration method that allows for automatic robust extrinsic and intrinsic thermal camera calibration. Among others, we employ our new dataset to show state-of-the-art results for nighttime semantic segmentation. 
### 19.PnP-Net: A hybrid Perspective-n-Point Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04626.pdf)
>  We consider the robust Perspective-n-Point (PnP) problem using a hybrid approach that combines deep learning with model based algorithms. PnP is the problem of estimating the pose of a calibrated camera given a set of 3D points in the world and their corresponding 2D projections in the image. In its more challenging robust version, some of the correspondences may be mismatched and must be efficiently discarded. Classical solutions address PnP via iterative robust non-linear least squares method that exploit the problem's geometry but are either inaccurate or computationally intensive. In contrast, we propose to combine a deep learning initial phase followed by a model-based fine tuning phase. This hybrid approach, denoted by PnP-Net, succeeds in estimating the unknown pose parameters under correspondence errors and noise, with low and fixed computational complexity requirements. We demonstrate its advantages on both synthetic data and real world data. 
### 20.Hierarchical Neural Architecture Search for Single Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04619.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have exhibited promising performance in image super-resolution (SR). Most SR models follow a hierarchical architecture that contains both the cell-level design of computational blocks and the network-level design of the positions of upsampling blocks. However, designing SR models heavily relies on human expertise and is very labor-intensive. More critically, these SR models often contain a huge number of parameters and may not meet the requirements of computation resources in real-world applications. To address the above issues, we propose a Hierarchical Neural Architecture Search (HNAS) method to automatically design promising architectures with different requirements of computation cost. To this end, we design a hierarchical SR search space and propose a hierarchical controller for architecture search. Such a hierarchical controller is able to simultaneously find promising cell-level blocks and network-level positions of upsampling layers. Moreover, to design compact architectures with promising performance, we build a joint reward by considering both the performance and computation cost to guide the search process. Extensive experiments on five benchmark datasets demonstrate the superiority of our method over existing methods. 
### 21.Convolutional Occupancy Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04618.pdf)
>  Recently, implicit neural representations have gained popularity for learning-based 3D reconstruction. While demonstrating promising results, most implicit approaches are limited to comparably simple geometry of single objects and do not scale to more complicated or large-scale scenes. The key limiting factor of implicit methods is their simple fully-connected network architecture which does not allow for integrating local information in the observations or incorporating inductive biases such as translational equivariance. In this paper, we propose Convolutional Occupancy Networks, a more flexible implicit representation for detailed reconstruction of objects and 3D scenes. By combining convolutional encoders with implicit occupancy decoders, our model incorporates inductive biases and Manhattan-world priors, enabling structured reasoning in 3D space. We investigate the effectiveness of the proposed representation by reconstructing complex geometry from noisy point clouds and low-resolution voxel representations. We empirically find that our method enables fine-grained implicit 3D reconstruction of single objects, scales to large indoor scenes and generalizes well from synthetic to real data. 
### 22.Label-Driven Reconstruction for Domain Adaptation in Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04614.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation enables to alleviate the need for pixel-wise annotation in the semantic segmentation. One of the most common strategies is to translate images from the source domain to the target domain and then align their marginal distributions in the feature space using adversarial learning. However, source-to-target translation enlarges the bias in translated images, owing to the dominant data size of the source domain. Furthermore, consistency of the joint distribution in source and target domains cannot be guaranteed through global feature alignment. Here, we present an innovative framework, designed to mitigate the image translation bias and align cross-domain features with the same category. This is achieved by 1) performing the target-to-source translation and 2) reconstructing both source and target images from their predicted labels. Extensive experiments on adapting from synthetic to real urban scene understanding demonstrate that our framework competes favorably against existing state-of-the-art methods. 
### 23.The Virtual Tailor: Predicting Clothing in 3D as a Function of Human Pose, Shape and Garment Style  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04583.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present TailorNet, a neural model which predicts clothing deformation in 3D as a function of three factors: pose, shape and style (garment geometry), while retaining wrinkle detail. This goes beyond prior models, which are either specific to one style and shape, or generalize to different shapes producing smooth results, despite being style specific. Our hypothesis is that (even non-linear) combinations of examples smooth out high frequency components such as fine-wrinkles, which makes learning the three factors jointly hard. At the heart of our technique is a decomposition of deformation into a high frequency and a low frequency component. While the low-frequency component is predicted from pose, shape and style parameters with an MLP, the high-frequency component is predicted with a mixture of shape-style specific pose models. The weights of the mixture are computed with a narrow bandwidth kernel to guarantee that only predictions with similar high-frequency patterns are combined. The style variation is obtained by computing, in a canonical pose, a subspace of deformation, which satisfies physical constraints such as inter-penetration, and draping on the body. TailorNet delivers 3D garments which retain the wrinkles from the physics based simulations (PBS) it is learned from, while running more than 1000 times faster. In contrast to classical PBS, TailorNet is easy to use and fully differentiable, which is crucial for computer vision algorithms. Several experiments demonstrate TailorNet produces more realistic results than prior work, and even generates temporally coherent deformations on sequences of the AMASS dataset, despite being trained on static poses from a different dataset. To stimulate further research in this direction, we will make a dataset consisting of 55800 frames, as well as our model publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://virtualhumans.mpi-inf.mpg.de/vtailor" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 24.DymSLAM:4D Dynamic Scene Reconstruction Based on Geometrical Motion Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04569.pdf)
>  Most SLAM algorithms are based on the assumption that the scene is static. However, in practice, most scenes are dynamic which usually contains moving objects, these methods are not suitable. In this paper, we introduce DymSLAM, a dynamic stereo visual SLAM system being capable of reconstructing a 4D (3D + time) dynamic scene with rigid moving objects. The only input of DymSLAM is stereo video, and its output includes a dense map of the static environment, 3D model of the moving objects and the trajectories of the camera and the moving objects. We at first detect and match the interesting points between successive frames by using traditional SLAM methods. Then the interesting points belonging to different motion models (including ego-motion and motion models of rigid moving objects) are segmented by a multi-model fitting approach. Based on the interesting points belonging to the ego-motion, we are able to estimate the trajectory of the camera and reconstruct the static background. The interesting points belonging to the motion models of rigid moving objects are then used to estimate their relative motion models to the camera and reconstruct the 3D models of the objects. We then transform the relative motion to the trajectories of the moving objects in the global reference frame. Finally, we then fuse the 3D models of the moving objects into the 3D map of the environment by considering their motion trajectories to obtain a 4D (3D+time) sequence. DymSLAM obtains information about the dynamic objects instead of ignoring them and is suitable for unknown rigid objects. Hence, the proposed system allows the robot to be employed for high-level tasks, such as obstacle avoidance for dynamic objects. We conducted experiments in a real-world environment where both the camera and the objects were moving in a wide range. 
### 25.Channel Pruning via Optimal Thresholding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04566.pdf)
>  Structured pruning, especially channel pruning is widely used for the reduced computational cost and the compatibility with off-the-shelf hardware devices. Among existing works, weights are typically removed using a predefined global threshold, or a threshold computed from a predefined metric. The predefined global threshold based designs ignore the variation among different layers and weights distribution, therefore, they may often result in sub-optimal performance caused by over-pruning or under-pruning. In this paper, we present a simple yet effective method, termed Optimal Thresholding (OT), to prune channels with layer dependent thresholds that optimally separate important from negligible channels. By using OT, most negligible or unimportant channels are pruned to achieve high sparsity while minimizing performance degradation. Since most important weights are preserved, the pruned model can be further fine-tuned and quickly converge with very few iterations. Our method demonstrates superior performance, especially when compared to the state-of-the-art designs at high levels of sparsity. On CIFAR-100, a pruned and fine-tuned DenseNet-121 by using OT achieves 75.99% accuracy with only 1.46e8 FLOPs and 0.71M parameters. code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yeyun11/netslim" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 26.3D Quasi-Recurrent Neural Network for Hyperspectral Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04547.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an alternating directional 3D quasi-recurrent neural network for hyperspectral image (HSI) denoising, which can effectively embed the domain knowledge -- structural spatio-spectral correlation and global correlation along spectrum. Specifically, 3D convolution is utilized to extract structural spatio-spectral correlation in an HSI, while a quasi-recurrent pooling function is employed to capture the global correlation along spectrum. Moreover, alternating directional structure is introduced to eliminate the causal dependency with no additional computation cost. The proposed model is capable of modeling spatio-spectral dependency while preserving the flexibility towards HSIs with arbitrary number of bands. Extensive experiments on HSI denoising demonstrate significant improvement over state-of-the-arts under various noise settings, in terms of both restoration accuracy and computation time. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Vandermode/QRNN3D" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 27.PBRnet: Pyramidal Bounding Box Refinement to Improve Object Localization Accuracy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04541.pdf)
>  Many recently developed object detectors focused on coarse-to-fine framework which contains several stages that classify and regress proposals from coarse-grain to fine-grain, and obtains more accurate detection gradually. Multi-resolution models such as Feature Pyramid Network(FPN) integrate information of different levels of resolution and effectively improve the performance. Previous researches also have revealed that localization can be further improved by: 1) using fine-grained information which is more translational variant; 2) refining local areas which is more focused on local boundary information. Based on these principles, we designed a novel boundary refinement architecture to improve localization accuracy by combining coarse-to-fine framework with feature pyramid structure, named as Pyramidal Bounding Box Refinement network(PBRnet), which parameterizes gradually focused boundary areas of objects and leverages lower-level feature maps to extract finer local information when refining the predicted bounding boxes. Extensive experiments are performed on the MS-COCO dataset. The PBRnet brings a significant performance gains by roughly 3 point of $mAP$ when added to FPN or Libra R-CNN. Moreover, by treating Cascade R-CNN as a coarse-to-fine detector and replacing its localization branch by the regressor of PBRnet, it leads an extra performance improvement by 1.5 $mAP$, yielding a total performance boosting by as high as 5 point of $mAP$. 
### 28.Implementation of Deep Neural Networks to Classify EEG Signals using Gramian Angular Summation Field for Epilepsy Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04534.pdf)
>  This paper evaluates the approach of imaging timeseries data such as EEG in the diagnosis of epilepsy through Deep Neural Network (DNN). EEG signal is transformed into an RGB image using Gramian Angular Summation Field (GASF). Many such EEG epochs are transformed into GASF images for the normal and focal EEG signals. Then, some of the widely used Deep Neural Networks for image classification problems are used here to detect the focal GASF images. Three pre-trained DNN such as the AlexNet, VGG16, and VGG19 are validated for epilepsy detection based on the transfer learning approach. Furthermore, the textural features are extracted from GASF images, and prominent features are selected for a multilayer Artificial Neural Network (ANN) classifier. Lastly, a Custom Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) with three CNN layers, Batch Normalization, Max-pooling layer, and Dense layers, is proposed for epilepsy diagnosis from GASF images. The results of this paper show that the Custom CNN model was able to discriminate against the focal and normal GASF images with an average peak Precision of 0.885, Recall of 0.92, and F1-score of 0.90. Moreover, the Area Under the Curve (AUC) value of the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve is 0.92 for the Custom CNN model. This paper suggests that Deep Learning methods widely used in image classification problems can be an alternative approach for epilepsy detection from EEG signals through GASF images. 
### 29.FOAL: Fast Online Adaptive Learning for Cardiac Motion Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04492.pdf)
>  Motion estimation of cardiac MRI videos is crucial for the evaluation of human heart anatomy and function. Recent researches show promising results with deep learning-based methods. In clinical deployment, however, they suffer dramatic performance drops due to mismatched distributions between training and testing datasets, commonly encountered in the clinical environment. On the other hand, it is arguably impossible to collect all representative datasets and to train a universal tracker before deployment. In this context, we proposed a novel fast online adaptive learning (FOAL) framework: an online gradient descent based optimizer that is optimized by a meta-learner. The meta-learner enables the online optimizer to perform a fast and robust adaptation. We evaluated our method through extensive experiments on two public clinical datasets. The results showed the superior performance of FOAL in accuracy compared to the offline-trained tracking method. On average, the FOAL took only $0.4$ second per video for online optimization. 
### 30.Compositional Convolutional Neural Networks: A Deep Architecture with Innate Robustness to Partial Occlusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04490.pdf)
>  Recent work has shown that deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) do not generalize well under partial occlusion. Inspired by the success of compositional models at classifying partially occluded objects, we propose to integrate compositional models and DCNNs into a unified deep model with innate robustness to partial occlusion. We term this architecture Compositional Convolutional Neural Network. In particular, we propose to replace the fully connected classification head of a DCNN with a differentiable compositional model. The generative nature of the compositional model enables it to localize occluders and subsequently focus on the non-occluded parts of the object. We conduct classification experiments on artificially occluded images as well as real images of partially occluded objects from the MS-COCO dataset. The results show that DCNNs do not classify occluded objects robustly, even when trained with data that is strongly augmented with partial occlusions. Our proposed model outperforms standard DCNNs by a large margin at classifying partially occluded objects, even when it has not been exposed to occluded objects during training. Additional experiments demonstrate that CompositionalNets can also localize the occluders accurately, despite being trained with class labels only. 
### 31.Deep learning approach for breast cancer diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04480.pdf)
>  Breast cancer is one of the leading fatal disease worldwide with high risk control if early discovered. Conventional method for breast screening is x-ray mammography, which is known to be challenging for early detection of cancer lesions. The dense breast structure produced due to the compression process during imaging lead to difficulties to recognize small size abnormalities. Also, inter- and intra-variations of breast tissues lead to significant difficulties to achieve high diagnosis accuracy using hand-crafted features. Deep learning is an emerging machine learning technology that requires a relatively high computation power. Yet, it proved to be very effective in several difficult tasks that requires decision making at the level of human intelligence. In this paper, we develop a new network architecture inspired by the U-net structure that can be used for effective and early detection of breast cancer. Results indicate a high rate of sensitivity and specificity that indicate potential usefulness of the proposed approach in clinical use. 
### 32.Tracking Road Users using Constraint Programming  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04468.pdf)
>  In this paper, we aim at improving the tracking of road users in urban scenes. We present a constraint programming (CP) approach for the data association phase found in the tracking-by-detection paradigm of the multiple object tracking (MOT) problem. Such an approach can solve the data association problem more efficiently than graph-based methods and can handle better the combinatorial explosion occurring when multiple frames are analyzed. Because our focus is on the data association problem, our MOT method only uses simple image features, which are the center position and color of detections for each frame. Constraints are defined on these two features and on the general MOT problem. For example, we enforce color appearance preservation over trajectories and constrain the extent of motion between frames. Filtering layers are used in order to eliminate detection candidates before using CP and to remove dummy trajectories produced by the CP solver. Our proposed method was tested on a motorized vehicles tracking dataset and produces results that outperform the top methods of the UA-DETRAC benchmark. 
### 33.Single-view 2D CNNs with Fully Automatic Non-nodule Categorization for False Positive Reduction in Pulmonary Nodule Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04454.pdf)
>  Background and Objective: In pulmonary nodule detection, the first stage, candidate detection, aims to detect suspicious pulmonary nodules. However, detected candidates include many false positives and thus in the following stage, false positive reduction, such false positives are reliably reduced. Note that this task is challenging due to 1) the imbalance between the numbers of nodules and non-nodules and 2) the intra-class diversity of non-nodules. Although techniques using 3D convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have shown promising performance, they suffer from high computational complexity which hinders constructing deep networks. To efficiently address these problems, we propose a novel framework using the ensemble of 2D CNNs using single views, which outperforms existing 3D CNN-based methods. <br>Methods: Our ensemble of 2D CNNs utilizes single-view 2D patches to improve both computational and memory efficiency compared to previous techniques exploiting 3D CNNs. We first categorize non-nodules on the basis of features encoded by an autoencoder. Then, all 2D CNNs are trained by using the same nodule samples, but with different types of non-nodules. By extending the learning capability, this training scheme resolves difficulties of extracting representative features from non-nodules with large appearance variations. Note that, instead of manual categorization requiring the heavy workload of radiologists, we propose to automatically categorize non-nodules based on the autoencoder and k-means clustering. 
### 34.SDVTracker: Real-Time Multi-Sensor Association and Tracking for Self-Driving Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04447.pdf)
>  Accurate motion state estimation of Vulnerable Road Users (VRUs), is a critical requirement for autonomous vehicles that navigate in urban environments. Due to their computational efficiency, many traditional autonomy systems perform multi-object tracking using Kalman Filters which frequently rely on hand-engineered association. However, such methods fail to generalize to crowded scenes and multi-sensor modalities, often resulting in poor state estimates which cascade to inaccurate predictions. We present a practical and lightweight tracking system, SDVTracker, that uses a deep learned model for association and state estimation in conjunction with an Interacting Multiple Model (IMM) filter. The proposed tracking method is fast, robust and generalizes across multiple sensor modalities and different VRU classes. In this paper, we detail a model that jointly optimizes both association and state estimation with a novel loss, an algorithm for determining ground-truth supervision, and a training procedure. We show this system significantly outperforms hand-engineered methods on a real-world urban driving dataset while running in less than 2.5 ms on CPU for a scene with 100 actors, making it suitable for self-driving applications where low latency and high accuracy is critical. 
### 35.Multi-Scale Superpatch Matching using Dual Superpixel Descriptors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04428.pdf)
>  Over-segmentation into superpixels is a very effective dimensionality reduction strategy, enabling fast dense image processing. The main issue of this approach is the inherent irregularity of the image decomposition compared to standard hierarchical multi-resolution schemes, especially when searching for similar neighboring patterns. Several works have attempted to overcome this issue by taking into account the region irregularity into their comparison model. Nevertheless, they remain sub-optimal to provide robust and accurate superpixel neighborhood descriptors, since they only compute features within each region, poorly capturing contour information at superpixel borders. In this work, we address these limitations by introducing the dual superpatch, a novel superpixel neighborhood descriptor. This structure contains features computed in reduced superpixel regions, as well as at the interfaces of multiple superpixels to explicitly capture contour structure information. A fast multi-scale non-local matching framework is also introduced for the search of similar descriptors at different resolution levels in an image dataset. The proposed dual superpatch enables to more accurately capture similar structured patterns at different scales, and we demonstrate the robustness and performance of this new strategy on matching and supervised labeling applications. 
### 36.Texture Superpixel Clustering from Patch-based Nearest Neighbor Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04414.pdf)
>  Superpixels are widely used in computer vision applications. Nevertheless, decomposition methods may still fail to efficiently cluster image pixels according to their local texture. In this paper, we propose a new Nearest Neighbor-based Superpixel Clustering (NNSC) method to generate texture-aware superpixels in a limited computational time compared to previous approaches. We introduce a new clustering framework using patch-based nearest neighbor matching, while most existing methods are based on a pixel-wise K-means clustering. Therefore, we directly group pixels in the patch space enabling to capture texture information. We demonstrate the efficiency of our method with favorable comparison in terms of segmentation performances on both standard color and texture datasets. We also show the computational efficiency of NNSC compared to recent texture-aware superpixel methods. 
### 37.FusionLane: Multi-Sensor Fusion for Lane Marking Semantic Segmentation Using Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04404.pdf)
>  It is a crucial step to achieve effective semantic segmentation of lane marking during the construction of the lane level high-precision map. In recent years, many image semantic segmentation methods have been proposed. These methods mainly focus on the image from camera, due to the limitation of the sensor itself, the accurate three-dimensional spatial position of the lane marking cannot be obtained, so the demand for the lane level high-precision map construction cannot be met. This paper proposes a lane marking semantic segmentation method based on LIDAR and camera fusion deep neural network. Different from other methods, in order to obtain accurate position information of the segmentation results, the semantic segmentation object of this paper is a bird's eye view converted from a LIDAR points cloud instead of an image captured by a camera. This method first uses the deeplabv3+ [\ref{ref:1}] network to segment the image captured by the camera, and the segmentation result is merged with the point clouds collected by the LIDAR as the input of the proposed network. In this neural network, we also add a long short-term memory (LSTM) structure to assist the network for semantic segmentation of lane markings by using the the time series information. The experiments on more than 14,000 image datasets which we have manually labeled and expanded have shown the proposed method has better performance on the semantic segmentation of the points cloud bird's eye view. Therefore, the automation of high-precision map construction can be significantly improved. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rolandying/FusionLane" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 38.A New Meta-Baseline for Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04390.pdf)
>  Meta-learning has become a popular framework for few-shot learning in recent years, with the goal of learning a model from collections of few-shot classification tasks. While more and more novel meta-learning models are being proposed, our research has uncovered simple baselines that have been overlooked. We present a Meta-Baseline method, by pre-training a classifier on all base classes and meta-learning on a nearest-centroid based few-shot classification algorithm, it outperforms recent state-of-the-art methods by a large margin. Why does this simple method work so well? In the meta-learning stage, we observe that a model generalizing better on unseen tasks from base classes can have a decreasing performance on tasks from novel classes, indicating a potential objective discrepancy. We find both pre-training and inheriting a good few-shot classification metric from the pre-trained classifier are important for Meta-Baseline, which potentially helps the model better utilize the pre-trained representations with stronger transferability. Furthermore, we investigate when we need meta-learning in this Meta-Baseline. Our work sets up a new solid benchmark for this field and sheds light on further understanding the phenomenons in the meta-learning framework for few-shot learning. 
### 39.Category-wise Attack: Transferable Adversarial Examples for Anchor Free Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04367.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have been demonstrated to be vulnerable to adversarial attacks: sutle perturbations can completely change the classification results. Their vulnerability has led to a surge of research in this direction. However, most works dedicated to attacking anchor-based object detection models. In this work, we aim to present an effective and efficient algorithm to generate adversarial examples to attack anchor-free object models based on two approaches. First, we conduct category-wise instead of instance-wise attacks on the object detectors. Second, we leverage the high-level semantic information to generate the adversarial examples. Surprisingly, the generated adversarial examples it not only able to effectively attack the targeted anchor-free object detector but also to be transferred to attack other object detectors, even anchor-based detectors such as Faster R-CNN. 
### 40.Crossmodal learning for audio-visual speech event localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04358.pdf)
>  An objective understanding of media depictions, such as about inclusive portrayals of how much someone is heard and seen on screen in film and television, requires the machines to discern automatically who, when, how and where someone is talking. Media content is rich in multiple modalities such as visuals and audio which can be used to learn speaker activity in videos. In this work, we present visual representations that have implicit information about when someone is talking and where. We propose a crossmodal neural network for audio speech event detection using the visual frames. We use the learned representations for two downstream tasks: i) audio-visual voice activity detection ii) active speaker localization in video frames. We present a state-of-the-art audio-visual voice activity detection system and demonstrate that the learned embeddings can effectively localize to active speakers in the visual frames. 
### 41.Video Caption Dataset for Describing Human Actions in Japanese  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04865.pdf)
>  In recent years, automatic video caption generation has attracted considerable attention. This paper focuses on the generation of Japanese captions for describing human actions. While most currently available video caption datasets have been constructed for English, there is no equivalent Japanese dataset. To address this, we constructed a large-scale Japanese video caption dataset consisting of 79,822 videos and 399,233 captions. Each caption in our dataset describes a video in the form of "who does what and where." To describe human actions, it is important to identify the details of a person, place, and action. Indeed, when we describe human actions, we usually mention the scene, person, and action. In our experiments, we evaluated two caption generation methods to obtain benchmark results. Further, we investigated whether those generation methods could specify "who does what and where." 
### 42.Weighted Encoding Based Image Interpolation With Nonlocal Linear Regression Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04811.pdf)
>  Image interpolation is a special case of image super-resolution, where the low-resolution image is directly down-sampled from its high-resolution counterpart without blurring and noise. Therefore, assumptions adopted in super-resolution models are not valid for image interpolation. To address this problem, we propose a novel image interpolation model based on sparse representation. Two widely used priors including sparsity and nonlocal self-similarity are used as the regularization terms to enhance the stability of interpolation model. Meanwhile, we incorporate the nonlocal linear regression into this model since nonlocal similar patches could provide a better approximation to a given patch. Moreover, we propose a new approach to learn adaptive sub-dictionary online instead of clustering. For each patch, similar patches are grouped to learn adaptive sub-dictionary, generating a more sparse and accurate representation. Finally, the weighted encoding is introduced to suppress tailing of fitting residuals in data fidelity. Abundant experimental results demonstrate that our proposed method outperforms several state-of-the-art methods in terms of quantitative measures and visual quality. 
### 43.Reconstruction of 3D flight trajectories from ad-hoc camera networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04784.pdf)
>  We present a method to reconstruct the 3D trajectory of an airborne robotic system only from videos recorded with cameras that are unsynchronized, may feature rolling shutter distortion, and whose viewpoints are unknown. Our approach enables robust and accurate outside-in tracking of dynamically flying targets, with cheap and easy-to-deploy equipment. We show that, in spite of the weakly constrained setting, recent developments in computer vision make it possible to reconstruct trajectories in 3D from unsynchronized, uncalibrated networks of consumer cameras, and validate the proposed method in a realistic field experiment. We make our code available along with the data, including cm-accurate ground-truth from differential GNSS navigation. 
### 44.Computer Aided Diagnosis for Spitzoid lesions classification using Artificial Intelligence techniques  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04745.pdf)
>  Spitzoid lesions may be largely categorized into Spitz Nevus, Atypical Spitz Tumors, and Spitz Melanomas. Classifying a lesion precisely as Atypical Spitz Tumors or AST is challenging and often requires the integration of clinical, histological, and immunohistochemical features to differentiate AST from regular Spitz nevus and malignant Spitz melanomas. Specifically, this paper aims to test several artificial intelligence techniques so as to build a computer aided diagnosis system. A proposed three-phase approach is being implemented. In Phase I, collected data are preprocessed with an effective Synthetic Minority Oversampling TEchnique or SMOTE-based method being implemented to treat the imbalance data problem. Then, a feature selection mechanism using genetic algorithm (GA) is applied in Phase II. Finally, in Phase III, a ten-fold cross-validation method is used to compare the performance of seven machine-learning algorithms for classification. Results obtained with SMOTE-Multilayer Perceptron with GA-based 14 features show the highest classification accuracy (0.98), a sensitivity of 0.99, and a specificity of 0.98, outperforming other Spitzoid lesions classification algorithms. 
### 45.TorchIO: a Python library for efficient loading, preprocessing, augmentation and patch-based sampling of medical images in deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04696.pdf)
>  We present TorchIO, an open-source Python library for efficient loading, preprocessing, augmentation and patch-based sampling of medical images for deep learning. It follows the design of PyTorch and relies on standard medical image processing libraries such as SimpleITK or NiBabel to efficiently process large 3D images during the training of convolutional neural networks. We provide multiple generic as well as magnetic-resonance-imaging-specific operations for preprocessing and augmentation of medical images. TorchIO is an open-source project with code, comprehensive examples and extensive documentation shared at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fepegar/torchio" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 46.Learning to Respond with Stickers: A Framework of Unifying Multi-Modality in Multi-Turn Dialog  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04679.pdf)
>  Stickers with vivid and engaging expressions are becoming increasingly popular in online messaging apps, and some works are dedicated to automatically select sticker response by matching text labels of stickers with previous utterances. However, due to their large quantities, it is impractical to require text labels for the all stickers. Hence, in this paper, we propose to recommend an appropriate sticker to user based on multi-turn dialog context history without any external labels. Two main challenges are confronted in this task. One is to learn semantic meaning of stickers without corresponding text labels. Another challenge is to jointly model the candidate sticker with the multi-turn dialog context. To tackle these challenges, we propose a sticker response selector (SRS) model. Specifically, SRS first employs a convolutional based sticker image encoder and a self-attention based multi-turn dialog encoder to obtain the representation of stickers and utterances. Next, deep interaction network is proposed to conduct deep matching between the sticker with each utterance in the dialog history. SRS then learns the short-term and long-term dependency between all interaction results by a fusion network to output the the final matching score. To evaluate our proposed method, we collect a large-scale real-world dialog dataset with stickers from one of the most popular online chatting platform. Extensive experiments conducted on this dataset show that our model achieves the state-of-the-art performance for all commonly-used metrics. Experiments also verify the effectiveness of each component of SRS. To facilitate further research in sticker selection field, we release this dataset of 340K multi-turn dialog and sticker pairs. 
### 47.Enabling Viewpoint Learning through Dynamic Label Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04651.pdf)
>  Optimal viewpoint prediction is an essential task in many computer graphicsapplications. Unfortunately, common viewpoint qualities suffer from majordrawbacks: dependency on clean surface meshes, which are not alwaysavailable, insensitivity to upright orientation, and the lack of closed-formexpressions, which requires a costly sampling process involving rendering.We overcome these limitations through a 3D deep learning approach, whichsolely exploits vertex coordinate information to predict optimal viewpointsunder upright orientation, while reflecting both informational content andhuman preference analysis. To enable this approach we propose a dynamiclabel generation strategy, which resolves inherent label ambiguities dur-ing training. In contrast to previous viewpoint prediction methods, whichevaluate many rendered views, we directly learn on the 3D mesh, and arethus independent from rendering. Furthermore, by exploiting unstructuredlearning, we are independent of mesh discretization. We show how the pro-posed technology enables learned prediction from model to viewpoints fordifferent object categories and viewpoint qualities. Additionally, we showthat prediction times are reduced from several minutes to a fraction of asecond, as compared to viewpoint quality evaluation. We will release thecode and training data, which will to our knowledge be the biggest viewpointquality dataset available. 
### 48.DIBS: Diversity inducing Information Bottleneck in Model Ensembles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04514.pdf)
>  Although deep learning models have achieved state-of-the-art performance on a number of vision tasks, generalization over high dimensional multi-modal data, and reliable predictive uncertainty estimation are still active areas of research. Bayesian approaches including Bayesian Neural Nets (BNNs) do not scale well to modern computer vision tasks, as they are difficult to train, and have poor generalization under dataset-shift. This motivates the need for effective ensembles which can generalize and give reliable uncertainty estimates. In this paper, we target the problem of generating effective ensembles of neural networks by encouraging diversity in prediction. We explicitly optimize a diversity inducing adversarial loss for learning the stochastic latent variables and thereby obtain diversity in the output predictions necessary for modeling multi-modal data. We evaluate our method on benchmark datasets: MNIST, CIFAR100, TinyImageNet and MIT Places 2, and compared to the most competitive baselines show significant improvements in classification accuracy, under a shift in the data distribution and in out-of-distribution detection. Code will be released in this url <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rvl-lab-utoronto/dibs" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 49.Spine intervertebral disc labeling using a fully convolutional redundant counting model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04387.pdf)
>  Labeling intervertebral discs is relevant as it notably enables clinicians to understand the relationship between a patient's symptoms (pain, paralysis) and the exact level of spinal cord injury. However manually labeling those discs is a tedious and user-biased task which would benefit from automated methods. While some automated methods already exist for MRI and CT-scan, they are either not publicly available, or fail to generalize across various imaging contrasts. In this paper we combine a Fully Convolutional Network (FCN) with inception modules to localize and label intervertebral discs. We demonstrate a proof-of-concept application in a publicly-available multi-center and multi-contrast MRI database (n=235 subjects). The code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/neuropoly/vertebral-labeling-deep-learning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 50.Automatic segmentation of spinal multiple sclerosis lesions: How to generalize across MRI contrasts?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.04377.pdf)
>  Despite recent improvements in medical image segmentation, the ability to generalize across imaging contrasts remains an open issue. To tackle this challenge, we implement Feature-wise Linear Modulation (FiLM) to leverage physics knowledge within the segmentation model and learn the characteristics of each contrast. Interestingly, a well-optimised U-Net reached the same performance as our FiLMed-Unet on a multi-contrast dataset (0.72 of Dice score), which suggests that there is a bottleneck in spinal MS lesion segmentation different from the generalization across varying contrasts. This bottleneck likely stems from inter-rater variability, which is estimated at 0.61 of Dice score in our dataset. 
