# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 17 Mar 2020
### 1.Scan2Plan: Efficient Floorplan Generation from 3D Scans of Indoor Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07356.pdf)
>  We introduce Scan2Plan, a novel approach for accurate estimation of a floorplan from a 3D scan of the structural elements of indoor environments. The proposed method incorporates a two-stage approach where the initial stage clusters an unordered point cloud representation of the scene into room instances and wall instances using a deep neural network based voting approach. The subsequent stage estimates a closed perimeter, parameterized by a simple polygon, for each individual room by finding the shortest path along the predicted room and wall keypoints. The final floorplan is simply an assembly of all such room perimeters in the global co-ordinate system. The Scan2Plan pipeline produces accurate floorplans for complex layouts, is highly parallelizable and extremely efficient compared to existing methods. The voting module is trained only on synthetic data and evaluated on publicly available Structured3D and BKE datasets to demonstrate excellent qualitative and quantitative results outperforming state-of-the-art techniques. 
### 2.Deep Adaptive Semantic Logic (DASL): Compiling Declarative Knowledge into Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07344.pdf)
>  We introduce Deep Adaptive Semantic Logic (DASL), a novel framework for automating the generation of deep neural networks that incorporates user-provided formal knowledge to improve learning from data. We provide formal semantics that demonstrate that our knowledge representation captures all of first order logic and that finite sampling from infinite domains converges to correct truth values. DASL's representation improves on prior neural-symbolic work by avoiding vanishing gradients, allowing deeper logical structure, and enabling richer interactions between the knowledge and learning components. We illustrate DASL through a toy problem in which we add structure to an image classification problem and demonstrate that knowledge of that structure reduces data requirements by a factor of $1000$. We then evaluate DASL on a visual relationship detection task and demonstrate that the addition of commonsense knowledge improves performance by $10.7\%$ in a data scarce setting. 
### 3.Complexity of Shapes Embedded in ${\mathbb Z^n}$ with a Bias Towards Squares  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07341.pdf)
>  Shape complexity is a hard-to-quantify quality, mainly due to its relative nature. Biased by Euclidean thinking, circles are commonly considered as the simplest. However, their constructions as digital images are only approximations to the ideal form. Consequently, complexity orders computed in reference to circle are unstable. Unlike circles which lose their circleness in digital images, squares retain their qualities. Hence, we consider squares (hypercubes in $\mathbb Z^n$) to be the simplest shapes relative to which complexity orders are constructed. Using the connection between $L^\infty$ norm and squares we effectively encode squareness-adapted simplification through which we obtain multi-scale complexity measure, where scale determines the level of interest to the boundary. The emergent scale above which the effect of a boundary feature (appendage) disappears is related to the ratio of the contacting width of the appendage to that of the main body. We discuss what zero complexity implies in terms of information repetition and constructibility and what kind of shapes in addition to squares have zero complexity. 
### 4.Learning Shape Representations for Clothing Variations in Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07340.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (re-ID) aims to recognize instances of the same person contained in multiple images taken across different cameras. Existing methods for re-ID tend to rely heavily on the assumption that both query and gallery images of the same person have the same clothing. Unfortunately, this assumption may not hold for datasets captured over long periods of time (e.g., weeks, months or years). To tackle the re-ID problem in the context of clothing changes, we propose a novel representation learning model which is able to generate a body shape feature representation without being affected by clothing color or patterns. We call our model the Color Agnostic Shape Extraction Network (CASE-Net). CASE-Net learns a representation of identity that depends only on body shape via adversarial learning and feature disentanglement. Due to the lack of large-scale re-ID datasets which contain clothing changes for the same person, we propose two synthetic datasets for evaluation. We create a rendered dataset SMPL-reID with different clothes patterns and a synthesized dataset Div-Market with different clothing color to simulate two types of clothing changes. The quantitative and qualitative results across 5 datasets (SMPL-reID, Div-Market, two benchmark re-ID datasets, a cross-modality re-ID dataset) confirm the robustness and superiority of our approach against several state-of-the-art approaches 
### 5.G-LBM:Generative Low-dimensional Background Model Estimation from Video Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07335.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a computationally tractable and theoretically supported non-linear low-dimensional generative model to represent real-world data in the presence of noise and sparse outliers. The non-linear low-dimensional manifold discovery of data is done through describing a joint distribution over observations, and their low-dimensional representations (i.e. manifold coordinates). Our model, called generative low-dimensional background model (G-LBM) admits variational operations on the distribution of the manifold coordinates and simultaneously generates a low-rank structure of the latent manifold given the data. Therefore, our probabilistic model contains the intuition of the non-probabilistic low-dimensional manifold learning. G-LBM selects the intrinsic dimensionality of the underling manifold of the observations, and its probabilistic nature models the noise in the observation data. G-LBM has direct application in the background scenes model estimation from video sequences and we have evaluated its performance on SBMnet-2016 and BMC2012 datasets, where it achieved a performance higher or comparable to other state-of-the-art methods while being agnostic to the background scenes in videos. Besides, in challenges such as camera jitter and background motion, G-LBM is able to robustly estimate the background by effectively modeling the uncertainties in video observations in these scenarios. 
### 6.RSVQA: Visual Question Answering for Remote Sensing Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07333.pdf)
>  This paper introduces the task of visual question answering for remote sensing data (RSVQA). Remote sensing images contain a wealth of information which can be useful for a wide range of tasks including land cover classification, object counting or detection. However, most of the available methodologies are task-specific, thus inhibiting generic and easy access to the information contained in remote sensing data. As a consequence, accurate remote sensing product generation still requires expert knowledge. With RSVQA, we propose a system to extract information from remote sensing data that is accessible to every user: we use questions formulated in natural language and use them to interact with the images. With the system, images can be queried to obtain high level information specific to the image content or relational dependencies between objects visible in the images. Using an automatic method introduced in this article, we built two datasets (using low and high resolution data) of image/question/answer triplets. The information required to build the questions and answers is queried from OpenStreetMap (OSM). The datasets can be used to train (when using supervised methods) and evaluate models to solve the RSVQA task. We report the results obtained by applying a model based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) for the visual part and on a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) for the natural language part to this task. The model is trained on the two datasets, yielding promising results in both cases. 
### 7.Resolution Adaptive Networks for Efficient Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07326.pdf)
>  Adaptive inference is an effective mechanism to achieve a dynamic tradeoff between accuracy and computational cost in deep networks. Existing works mainly exploit architecture redundancy in network depth or width. In this paper, we focus on spatial redundancy of input samples and propose a novel Resolution Adaptive Network (RANet), which is inspired by the intuition that low-resolution representations are sufficient for classifying "easy" inputs containing large objects with prototypical features, while only some "hard" samples need spatially detailed information. In RANet, the input images are first routed to a lightweight sub-network that efficiently extracts low-resolution representations, and those samples with high prediction confidence will exit early from the network without being further processed. Meanwhile, high-resolution paths in the network maintain the capability to recognize the "hard" samples. Therefore, RANet can effectively reduce the spatial redundancy involved in inferring high-resolution inputs. Empirically, we demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed RANet on the CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and ImageNet datasets in both the anytime prediction and budgeted batch classification settings. 
### 8.Domain Adaptive Ensemble Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07325.pdf)
>  The problem of generalizing deep neural networks from multiple source domains to a target one is studied under two settings: When unlabeled target data is available, it is a multi-source unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) problem, otherwise a domain generalization (DG) problem. We propose a unified framework termed domain adaptive ensemble learning (DAEL) to address both problems. A DAEL model is composed of a CNN feature extractor shared across domains and multiple classifier heads each trained to specialize in a particular source domain. Each such classifier is an expert to its own domain and a non-expert to others. DAEL aims to learn these experts collaboratively so that when forming an ensemble, they can leverage complementary information from each other to be more effective for an unseen target domain. To this end, each source domain is used in turn as a pseudo-target-domain with its own expert providing supervision signal to the ensemble of non-experts learned from the other sources. For unlabeled target data under the UDA setting where real expert does not exist, DAEL uses pseudo-label to supervise the ensemble learning. Extensive experiments on three multi-source UDA datasets and two DG datasets show that DAEL improves the state-of-the-art on both problems, often by significant margins. The code is released at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/KaiyangZhou/Dassl.pytorch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
### 9.clDice -- a Topology-Preserving Loss Function for Tubular Structure Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07311.pdf)
>  Accurate segmentation of tubular, network-like structures, such as vessels, neurons, or roads, is relevant to many fields of research. For such structures, the topology is their most important characteristic, e.g. preserving connectedness: in case of vascular networks, missing a connected vessel entirely alters the blood-flow dynamics. We introduce a novel similarity measure termed clDice, which is calculated on the intersection of the segmentation masks and their (morphological) skeletons. Crucially, we theoretically prove that clDice guarantees topological correctness for binary 2D and 3D segmentation. Extending this, we propose a computationally efficient, differentiable soft-clDice as a loss function for training arbitrary neural segmentation networks. We benchmark the soft-clDice loss for segmentation on four public datasets (2D and 3D). Training on soft-clDice leads to segmentation with more accurate connectivity information, higher graph similarity, and better volumetric scores. 
### 10.Context-Transformer: Tackling Object Confusion for Few-Shot Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07304.pdf)
>  Few-shot object detection is a challenging but realistic scenario, where only a few annotated training images are available for training detectors. A popular approach to handle this problem is transfer learning, i.e., fine-tuning a detector pretrained on a source-domain benchmark. However, such transferred detector often fails to recognize new objects in the target domain, due to low data diversity of training samples. To tackle this problem, we propose a novel Context-Transformer within a concise deep transfer framework. Specifically, Context-Transformer can effectively leverage source-domain object knowledge as guidance, and automatically exploit contexts from only a few training images in the target domain. Subsequently, it can adaptively integrate these relational clues to enhance the discriminative power of detector, in order to reduce object confusion in few-shot scenarios. Moreover, Context-Transformer is flexibly embedded in the popular SSD-style detectors, which makes it a plug-and-play module for end-to-end few-shot learning. Finally, we evaluate Context-Transformer on the challenging settings of few-shot detection and incremental few-shot detection. The experimental results show that, our framework outperforms the recent state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 11.MVLoc: Multimodal Variational Geometry-Aware Learning for Visual Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07289.pdf)
>  Recent learning-based research has achieved impressive results in the field of single-shot camera relocalization. However, how best to fuse multiple modalities, for example, image and depth, and how to deal with degraded or missing input are less well studied. In particular, we note that previous approaches towards deep fusion do not perform significantly better than models employing a single modality. We conjecture that this is because of the naive approaches to feature space fusion through summation or concatenation which do not take into account the different strengths of each modality, specifically appearance for images and structure for depth. To address this, we propose an end-to-end framework to fuse different sensor inputs through a variational Product-of-Experts (PoE) joint encoder followed by attention-based fusion. Unlike prior work which draws a single sample from the joint encoder, we show how accuracy can be increased through importance sampling and reparameterization of the latent space. Our model is extensively evaluated on RGB-D datasets, outperforming existing baselines by a large margin. 
### 12.Towards Ground Truth Evaluation of Visual Explanations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07258.pdf)
>  Several methods have been proposed to explain the decisions of neural networks in the visual domain via saliency heatmaps (aka relevances/feature importance scores). Thus far, these methods were mainly validated on real-world images, using either pixel perturbation experiments or bounding box localization accuracies. In the present work, we propose instead to evaluate explanations in a restricted and controlled setup using a synthetic dataset of rendered 3D shapes. To this end, we generate a CLEVR-alike visual question answering benchmark with around 40,000 questions, where the ground truth pixel coordinates of relevant objects are known, which allows us to validate explanations in a fair and transparent way. We further introduce two straightforward metrics to evaluate explanations in this setup, and compare their outcomes to standard pixel perturbation using a Relation Network model and three decomposition-based explanation methods: Gradient x Input, Integrated Gradients and Layer-wise Relevance Propagation. Among the tested methods, Layer-wise Relevance Propagation was shown to perform best, followed by Integrated Gradients. More generally, we expect the release of our dataset and code to support the development and comparison of methods on a well-defined common ground. 
### 13.Neural Pose Transfer by Spatially Adaptive Instance Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07254.pdf)
>  Pose transfer has been studied for decades, in which the pose of a source mesh is applied to a target mesh. Particularly in this paper, we are interested in transferring the pose of source human mesh to deform the target human mesh, while the source and target meshes may have different identity information. Traditional studies assume that the paired source and target meshes are existed with the point-wise correspondences of user annotated landmarks/mesh points, which requires heavy labelling efforts. On the other hand, the generalization ability of deep models is limited, when the source and target meshes have different identities. To break this limitation, we proposes the first neural pose transfer model that solves the pose transfer via the latest technique for image style transfer, leveraging the newly proposed component -- spatially adaptive instance normalization. Our model does not require any correspondences between the source and target meshes. Extensive experiments show that the proposed model can effectively transfer deformation from source to target meshes, and has good generalization ability to deal with unseen identities or poses of meshes. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jiashunwang/Neural-Pose-Transfer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . 
### 14.A Rotation-Invariant Framework for Deep Point Cloud Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07238.pdf)
>  Recently, many deep neural networks were designed to process 3D point clouds, but a common drawback is that rotation invariance is not ensured, leading to poor generalization to arbitrary orientations. In this paper, we introduce a new low-level purely rotation-invariant representation to replace common 3D Cartesian coordinates as the network inputs. Also, we present a network architecture to embed these representations into features, encoding local relations between points and their neighbors, and the global shape structure. To alleviate inevitable global information loss caused by the rotation-invariant representations, we further introduce a region relation convolution to encode local and non-local information. We evaluate our method on multiple point cloud analysis tasks, including shape classification, part segmentation, and shape retrieval. Experimental results show that our method achieves consistent, and also the best performance, on inputs at arbitrary orientations, compared with the state-of-the-arts. 
### 15.Joint COCO and Mapillary Workshop at ICCV 2019 Keypoint Detection Challenge Track Technical Report: Distribution-Aware Coordinate Representation for Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07232.pdf)
>  In this paper, we focus on the coordinate representation in human pose estimation. While being the standard choice, heatmap based representation has not been systematically investigated. We found that the process of coordinate decoding (i.e. transforming the predicted heatmaps to the coordinates) is surprisingly significant for human pose estimation performance, which nevertheless was not recognised before. In light of the discovered importance, we further probe the design limitations of the standard coordinate decoding method and propose a principled distribution-aware decoding method. Meanwhile, we improve the standard coordinate encoding process (i.e. transforming ground-truth coordinates to heatmaps) by generating accurate heatmap distributions for unbiased model training. Taking them together, we formulate a novel Distribution-Aware coordinate Representation for Keypoint (DARK) method. Serving as a model-agnostic plug-in, DARK significantly improves the performance of a variety of state-of-the-art human pose estimation models. Extensive experiments show that DARK yields the best results on COCO keypoint detection challenge, validating the usefulness and effectiveness of our novel coordinate representation idea. The project page containing more details is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ilovepose.github.io/coco" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 16.FragNet: Writer Identification using Deep Fragment Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07212.pdf)
>  Writer identification based on a small amount of text is a challenging problem. In this paper, we propose a new benchmark study for writer identification based on word or text block images which approximately contain one word. In order to extract powerful features on these word images, a deep neural network, named FragNet, is proposed. The FragNet has two pathways: feature pyramid which is used to extract feature maps and fragment pathway which is trained to predict the writer identity based on fragments extracted from the input image and the feature maps on the feature pyramid. We conduct experiments on four benchmark datasets, which show that our proposed method can generate efficient and robust deep representations for writer identification based on both word and page images. 
### 17.Refinements in Motion and Appearance for Online Multi-Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07177.pdf)
>  Modern multi-object tracking (MOT) system usually involves separated modules, such as motion model for location and appearance model for data association. However, the compatible problems within both motion and appearance models are always ignored. In this paper, a general architecture named as MIF is presented by seamlessly blending the Motion integration, three-dimensional(3D) Integral image and adaptive appearance feature Fusion. Since the uncertain pedestrian and camera motions are usually handled separately, the integrated motion model is designed using our defined intension of camera motion. Specifically, a 3D integral image based spatial blocking method is presented to efficiently cut useless connections between trajectories and candidates with spatial constraints. Then the appearance model and visibility prediction are jointly built. Considering scale, pose and visibility, the appearance features are adaptively fused to overcome the feature misalignment problem. Our MIF based tracker (MIFT) achieves the state-of-the-art accuracy with 60.1 MOTA on both MOT16&amp;17 challenges. 
### 18.GraphTCN: Spatio-Temporal Interaction Modeling for Human Trajectory Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07167.pdf)
>  Trajectory prediction is a fundamental and challenging task to forecast the future path of the agents in autonomous applications with multi-agent interaction, where the agents need to predict the future movements of their neighbors to avoid collisions. To respond timely and precisely to the environment, high efficiency and accuracy are required in the prediction. Conventional approaches, e.g., LSTM-based models, take considerable computation costs in the prediction, especially for the long sequence prediction. To support a more efficient and accurate trajectory prediction, we instead propose a novel CNN-based spatial-temporal graph framework GraphTCN, which captures the spatial and temporal interactions in an input-aware manner. The spatial interaction between agents at each time step is captured with an edge graph attention network (EGAT), and the temporal interaction across time step is modeled with a modified gated convolutional network (CNN). In contrast to conventional models, both the spatial and temporal modeling in GraphTCN are computed within each local time window. Therefore, GraphTCN can be executed in parallel for much higher efficiency, and meanwhile with accuracy comparable to best-performing approaches. Experimental results confirm that GraphTCN achieves noticeably better performance in terms of both efficiency and accuracy compared with state-of-the-art methods on various trajectory prediction benchmark datasets. 
### 19.Discriminative Feature and Dictionary Learning with Part-aware Model for Vehicle Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07139.pdf)
>  With the development of smart cities, urban surveillance video analysis will play a further significant role in intelligent transportation systems. Identifying the same target vehicle in large datasets from non-overlapping cameras should be highlighted, which has grown into a hot topic in promoting intelligent transportation systems. However, vehicle re-identification (re-ID) technology is a challenging task since vehicles of the same design or manufacturer show similar appearance. To fill these gaps, we tackle this challenge by proposing Triplet Center Loss based Part-aware Model (TCPM) that leverages the discriminative features in part details of vehicles to refine the accuracy of vehicle re-identification. TCPM base on part discovery is that partitions the vehicle from horizontal and vertical directions to strengthen the details of the vehicle and reinforce the internal consistency of the parts. In addition, to eliminate intra-class differences in local regions of the vehicle, we propose external memory modules to emphasize the consistency of each part to learn the discriminating features, which forms a global dictionary over all categories in dataset. In TCPM, triplet-center loss is introduced to ensure each part of vehicle features extracted has intra-class consistency and inter-class separability. Experimental results show that our proposed TCPM has an enormous preference over the existing state-of-the-art methods on benchmark datasets VehicleID and VeRi-776. 
### 20.Stochastic Frequency Masking to Improve Super-Resolution and Denoising Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07119.pdf)
>  Super-resolution and denoising are ill-posed yet fundamental image restoration tasks. In blind settings, the degradation kernel or the noise level are unknown. This makes restoration even more challenging, notably for learning-based methods, as they tend to overfit to the degradation seen during training. We present an analysis, in the frequency domain, of degradation-kernel overfitting in super-resolution and introduce a conditional learning perspective that extends to both super-resolution and denoising. Building on our formulation, we propose a stochastic frequency masking of images used in training to regularize the networks and address the overfitting problem. Our technique improves state-of-the-art methods on blind super-resolution with different synthetic kernels, real super-resolution, blind Gaussian denoising, and real-image denoising. 
### 21.Minimal Solvers for Indoor UAV Positioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07111.pdf)
>  In this paper we consider a collection of relative pose problems which arise naturally in applications for visual indoor UAV navigation. We focus on cases where additional information from an onboard IMU is available and thus provides a partial extrinsic calibration through the gravitational vector. The solvers are designed for a partially calibrated camera, for a variety of realistic indoor scenarios, which makes it possible to navigate using images of the ground floor. Current state-of-the-art solvers use more general assumptions, such as using arbitrary planar structures; however, these solvers do not yield adequate reconstructions for real scenes, nor do they perform fast enough to be incorporated in real-time systems. <br>We show that the proposed solvers enjoy better numerical stability, are faster, and require fewer point correspondences, compared to state-of-the-art solvers. These properties are vital components for robust navigation in real-time systems, and we demonstrate on both synthetic and real data that our method outperforms other methods, and yields superior motion estimation. 
### 22.Synthesizing human-like sketches from natural images using a conditional convolutional decoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07101.pdf)
>  Humans are able to precisely communicate diverse concepts by employing sketches, a highly reduced and abstract shape based representation of visual content. We propose, for the first time, a fully convolutional end-to-end architecture that is able to synthesize human-like sketches of objects in natural images with potentially cluttered background. To enable an architecture to learn this highly abstract mapping, we employ the following key components: (1) a fully convolutional encoder-decoder structure, (2) a perceptual similarity loss function operating in an abstract feature space and (3) conditioning of the decoder on the label of the object that shall be sketched. Given the combination of these architectural concepts, we can train our structure in an end-to-end supervised fashion on a collection of sketch-image pairs. The generated sketches of our architecture can be classified with 85.6% Top-5 accuracy and we verify their visual quality via a user study. We find that deep features as a perceptual similarity metric enable image translation with large domain gaps and our findings further show that convolutional neural networks trained on image classification tasks implicitly learn to encode shape information. Code is available under <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kampelmuehler/synthesizing_human_like_sketches" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 23.PS-RCNN: Detecting Secondary Human Instances in a Crowd via Primary Object Suppression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07080.pdf)
>  Detecting human bodies in highly crowded scenes is a challenging problem. Two main reasons result in such a problem: 1). weak visual cues of heavily occluded instances can hardly provide sufficient information for accurate detection; 2). heavily occluded instances are easier to be suppressed by Non-Maximum-Suppression (NMS). To address these two issues, we introduce a variant of two-stage detectors called PS-RCNN. PS-RCNN first detects slightly/none occluded objects by an R-CNN module (referred as P-RCNN), and then suppress the detected instances by human-shaped masks so that the features of heavily occluded instances can stand out. After that, PS-RCNN utilizes another R-CNN module specialized in heavily occluded human detection (referred as S-RCNN) to detect the rest missed objects by P-RCNN. Final results are the ensemble of the outputs from these two R-CNNs. Moreover, we introduce a High Resolution RoI Align (HRRA) module to retain as much of fine-grained features of visible parts of the heavily occluded humans as possible. Our PS-RCNN significantly improves recall and AP by 4.49% and 2.92% respectively on CrowdHuman, compared to the baseline. Similar improvements on Widerperson are also achieved by the PS-RCNN. 
### 24.LT-Net: Label Transfer by Learning Reversible Voxel-wise Correspondence for One-shot Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07072.pdf)
>  We introduce a one-shot segmentation method to alleviate the burden of manual annotation for medical images. The main idea is to treat one-shot segmentation as a classical atlas-based segmentation problem, where voxel-wise correspondence from the atlas to the unlabelled data is learned. Subsequently, segmentation label of the atlas can be transferred to the unlabelled data with the learned correspondence. However, since ground truth correspondence between images is usually unavailable, the learning system must be well-supervised to avoid mode collapse and convergence failure. To overcome this difficulty, we resort to the forward-backward consistency, which is widely used in correspondence problems, and additionally learn the backward correspondences from the warped atlases back to the original atlas. This cycle-correspondence learning design enables a variety of extra, cycle-consistency-based supervision signals to make the training process stable, while also boost the performance. We demonstrate the superiority of our method over both deep learning-based one-shot segmentation methods and a classical multi-atlas segmentation method via thorough experiments. 
### 25.Adapting Object Detectors with Conditional Domain Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07071.pdf)
>  Real-world object detectors are often challenged by the domain gaps between different datasets. In this work, we present the Conditional Domain Normalization (CDN) to bridge the domain gap. CDN is designed to encode different domain inputs into a shared latent space, where the features from different domains carry the same domain attribute. To achieve this, we first disentangle the domain-specific attribute out of the semantic features from one domain via a domain embedding module, which learns a domain-vector to characterize the corresponding domain attribute information. Then this domain-vector is used to encode the features from another domain through a conditional normalization, resulting in different domains' features carrying the same domain attribute. We incorporate CDN into various convolution stages of an object detector to adaptively address the domain shifts of different level's representation. In contrast to existing adaptation works that conduct domain confusion learning on semantic features to remove domain-specific factors, CDN aligns different domain distributions by modulating the semantic features of one domain conditioned on the learned domain-vector of another domain. Extensive experiments show that CDN outperforms existing methods remarkably on both real-to-real and synthetic-to-real adaptation benchmarks, including 2D image detection and 3D point cloud detection. 
### 26.Self-Supervised Discovering of Causal Features: Towards Interpretable Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07069.pdf)
>  Deep reinforcement learning (RL) has recently led to many breakthroughs on a range of complex control tasks. However, the agent's decision-making process is generally not transparent. The lack of interpretability hinders the applicability of RL in safety-critical scenarios. While several methods have attempted to interpret vision-based RL, most come without detailed explanation for the agent's behaviour. In this paper, we propose a self-supervised interpretable framework, which can discover causal features to enable easy interpretation of RL agents even for non-experts. Specifically, a self-supervised interpretable network (SSINet) is employed to produce fine-grained attention masks for highlighting task-relevant information, which constitutes most evidence for the agent's decisions. We verify and evaluate our method on several Atari 2600 games as well as Duckietown, which is a challenging self-driving car simulator environment. The results show that our method renders causal explanations and empirical evidences about how the agent makes decisions and why the agent performs well or badly, especially when transferred to novel scenes. Overall, our method provides valuable insight into the internal decision-making process of vision-based RL. In addition, our method does not use any external labelled data, and thus demonstrates the possibility to learn high-quality mask through a self-supervised manner, which may shed light on new paradigms for label-free vision learning such as self-supervised segmentation and detection. 
### 27.On Translation Invariance in CNNs: Convolutional Layers can Exploit Absolute Spatial Location  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07064.pdf)
>  In this paper we challenge the common assumption that convolutional layers in modern CNNs are translation invariant. We show that CNNs can and will exploit the absolute spatial location by learning filters that respond exclusively to particular absolute locations by exploiting image boundary effects. Because modern CNNs filters have a huge receptive field, these boundary effects operate even far from the image boundary, allowing the network to exploit absolute spatial location all over the image. We give a simple solution to remove spatial location encoding which improves translation invariance and thus gives a stronger visual inductive bias which particularly benefits small data sets. We broadly demonstrate these benefits on several architectures and various applications such as image classification, patch matching, and two video classification datasets. 
### 28.Weakly-Supervised Multi-Level Attentional Reconstruction Network for Grounding Textual Queries in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07048.pdf)
>  The task of temporally grounding textual queries in videos is to localize one video segment that semantically corresponds to the given query. Most of the existing approaches rely on segment-sentence pairs (temporal annotations) for training, which are usually unavailable in real-world scenarios. In this work we present an effective weakly-supervised model, named as Multi-Level Attentional Reconstruction Network (MARN), which only relies on video-sentence pairs during the training stage. The proposed method leverages the idea of attentional reconstruction and directly scores the candidate segments with the learnt proposal-level attentions. Moreover, another branch learning clip-level attention is exploited to refine the proposals at both the training and testing stage. We develop a novel proposal sampling mechanism to leverage intra-proposal information for learning better proposal representation and adopt 2D convolution to exploit inter-proposal clues for learning reliable attention map. Experiments on Charades-STA and ActivityNet-Captions datasets demonstrate the superiority of our MARN over the existing weakly-supervised methods. 
### 29.Gated Texture CNN for Efficient and Configurable Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07042.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural network (CNN)-based image denoising methods typically estimate the noise component contained in a noisy input image and restore a clean image by subtracting the estimated noise from the input. However, previous denoising methods tend to remove high-frequency information (e.g., textures) from the input. It caused by intermediate feature maps of CNN contains texture information. A straightforward approach to this problem is stacking numerous layers, which leads to a high computational cost. To achieve high performance and computational efficiency, we propose a gated texture CNN (GTCNN), which is designed to carefully exclude the texture information from each intermediate feature map of the CNN by incorporating gating mechanisms. Our GTCNN achieves state-of-the-art performance with 4.8 times fewer parameters than previous state-of-the-art methods. Furthermore, the GTCNN allows us to interactively control the texture strength in the output image without any additional modules, training, or computational costs. 
### 30.Extended Feature Pyramid Network for Small Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07021.pdf)
>  Small object detection remains an unsolved challenge because it is hard to extract information of small objects with only a few pixels. While scale-level corresponding detection in feature pyramid network alleviates this problem, we find feature coupling of various scales still impairs the performance of small objects. In this paper, we propose extended feature pyramid network (EFPN) with an extra high-resolution pyramid level specialized for small object detection. Specifically, we design a novel module, named feature texture transfer (FTT), which is used to super-resolve features and extract credible regional details simultaneously. Moreover, we design a foreground-background-balanced loss function to alleviate area imbalance of foreground and background. In our experiments, the proposed EFPN is efficient on both computation and memory, and yields state-of-the-art results on small traffic-sign dataset Tsinghua-Tencent 100K and small category of general object detection dataset MS COCO. 
### 31.Closed-loop Matters: Dual Regression Networks for Single Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07018.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have exhibited promising performance in image super-resolution (SR) by learning a nonlinear mapping function from low-resolution (LR) images to high-resolution (HR) images. However, there are two underlying limitations to existing SR methods. First, learning the mapping function from LR to HR images is typically an ill-posed problem, because there exist infinite HR images that can be downsampled to the same LR image. As a result, the space of the possible functions can be extremely large, which makes it hard to find a good solution. Second, the paired LR-HR data may be unavailable in real-world applications and the underlying degradation method is often unknown. For such a more general case, existing SR models often incur the adaptation problem and yield poor performance. To address the above issues, we propose a dual regression scheme by introducing an additional constraint on LR data to reduce the space of the possible functions. Specifically, besides the mapping from LR to HR images, we learn an additional dual regression mapping estimates the down-sampling kernel and reconstruct LR images, which forms a closed-loop to provide additional supervision. More critically, since the dual regression process does not depend on HR images, we can directly learn from LR images. In this sense, we can easily adapt SR models to real-world data, e.g., raw video frames from YouTube. Extensive experiments with paired training data and unpaired real-world data demonstrate our superiority over existing methods. 
### 32.AVR: Attention based Salient Visual Relationship Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07012.pdf)
>  Visual relationship detection aims to locate objects in images and recognize the relationships between objects. Traditional methods treat all observed relationships in an image equally, which causes a relatively poor performance in the detection tasks on complex images with abundant visual objects and various relationships. To address this problem, we propose an attention based model, namely AVR, to achieve salient visual relationships based on both local and global context of the relationships. Specifically, AVR recognizes relationships and measures the attention on the relationships in the local context of an input image by fusing the visual features, semantic and spatial information of the relationships. AVR then applies the attention to assign important relationships with larger salient weights for effective information filtering. Furthermore, AVR is integrated with the priori knowledge in the global context of image datasets to improve the precision of relationship prediction, where the context is modeled as a heterogeneous graph to measure the priori probability of relationships based on the random walk algorithm. Comprehensive experiments are conducted to demonstrate the effectiveness of AVR in several real-world image datasets, and the results show that AVR outperforms state-of-the-art visual relationship detection methods significantly by up to $87.5\%$ in terms of recall. 
### 33.Any-Shot Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07003.pdf)
>  Previous work on novel object detection considers zero or few-shot settings where none or few examples of each category are available for training. In real world scenarios, it is less practical to expect that 'all' the novel classes are either unseen or {have} few-examples. Here, we propose a more realistic setting termed 'Any-shot detection', where totally unseen and few-shot categories can simultaneously co-occur during inference. Any-shot detection offers unique challenges compared to conventional novel object detection such as, a high imbalance between unseen, few-shot and seen object classes, susceptibility to forget base-training while learning novel classes and distinguishing novel classes from the background. To address these challenges, we propose a unified any-shot detection model, that can concurrently learn to detect both zero-shot and few-shot object classes. Our core idea is to use class semantics as prototypes for object detection, a formulation that naturally minimizes knowledge forgetting and mitigates the class-imbalance in the label space. Besides, we propose a rebalanced loss function that emphasizes difficult few-shot cases but avoids overfitting on the novel classes to allow detection of totally unseen classes. Without bells and whistles, our framework can also be used solely for Zero-shot detection and Few-shot detection tasks. We report extensive experiments on Pascal VOC and MS-COCO datasets where our approach is shown to provide significant improvements. 
### 34.ReLaText: Exploiting Visual Relationships for Arbitrary-Shaped Scene Text Detection with Graph Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06999.pdf)
>  We introduce a new arbitrary-shaped text detection approach named ReLaText by formulating text detection as a visual relationship detection problem. To demonstrate the effectiveness of this new formulation, we start from using a "link" relationship to address the challenging text-line grouping problem firstly. The key idea is to decompose text detection into two subproblems, namely detection of text primitives and prediction of link relationships between nearby text primitive pairs. Specifically, an anchor-free region proposal network based text detector is first used to detect text primitives of different scales from different feature maps of a feature pyramid network, from which a text primitive graph is constructed by linking each pair of nearby text primitives detected from a same feature map with an edge. Then, a Graph Convolutional Network (GCN) based link relationship prediction module is used to prune wrongly-linked edges in the text primitive graph to generate a number of disjoint subgraphs, each representing a detected text instance. As GCN can effectively leverage context information to improve link prediction accuracy, our GCN based text-line grouping approach can achieve better text detection accuracy than previous text-line grouping methods, especially when dealing with text instances with large inter-character or very small inter-line spacings. Consequently, the proposed ReLaText achieves state-of-the-art performance on five public text detection benchmarks, namely RCTW-17, MSRA-TD500, Total-Text, CTW1500 and DAST1500. 
### 35.Multi-Drone based Single Object Tracking with Agent Sharing Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06994.pdf)
>  Drone equipped with cameras can dynamically track the target in the air from a broader view compared with static cameras or moving sensors over the ground. However, it is still challenging to accurately track the target using a single drone due to several factors such as appearance variations and severe occlusions. In this paper, we collect a new Multi-Drone single Object Tracking (MDOT) dataset that consists of 92 groups of video clips with 113,918 high resolution frames taken by two drones and 63 groups of video clips with 145,875 high resolution frames taken by three drones. Besides, two evaluation metrics are specially designed for multi-drone single object tracking, i.e. automatic fusion score (AFS) and ideal fusion score (IFS). Moreover, an agent sharing network (ASNet) is proposed by self-supervised template sharing and view-aware fusion of the target from multiple drones, which can improve the tracking accuracy significantly compared with single drone tracking. Extensive experiments on MDOT show that our ASNet significantly outperforms recent state-of-the-art trackers. 
### 36.House-GAN: Relational Generative Adversarial Networks for Graph-constrained House Layout Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06988.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel graph-constrained generative adversarial network, whose generator and discriminator are built upon relational architecture. The main idea is to encode the constraint into the graph structure of its relational networks. We have demonstrated the proposed architecture for a new house layout generation problem, whose task is to take an architectural constraint as a graph (i.e., the number and types of rooms with their spatial adjacency) and produce a set of axis-aligned bounding boxes of rooms. We measure the quality of generated house layouts with the three metrics: the realism, the diversity, and the compatibility with the input graph constraint. Our qualitative and quantitative evaluations over 117,000 real floorplan images demonstrate that the proposed approach outperforms existing methods and baselines. We will publicly share all our code and data. 
### 37.A CNN-Based Blind Denoising Method for Endoscopic Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06986.pdf)
>  The quality of images captured by wireless capsule endoscopy (WCE) is key for doctors to diagnose diseases of gastrointestinal (GI) tract. However, there exist many low-quality endoscopic images due to the limited illumination and complex environment in GI tract. After an enhancement process, the severe noise become an unacceptable problem. The noise varies with different cameras, GI tract environments and image enhancement. And the noise model is hard to be obtained. This paper proposes a convolutional blind denoising network for endoscopic images. We apply Deep Image Prior (DIP) method to reconstruct a clean image iteratively using a noisy image without a specific noise model and ground truth. Then we design a blind image quality assessment network based on MobileNet to estimate the quality of the reconstructed images. The estimated quality is used to stop the iterative operation in DIP method. The number of iterations is reduced about 36% by using transfer learning in our DIP process. Experimental results on endoscopic images and real-world noisy images demonstrate the superiority of our proposed method over the state-of-the-art methods in terms of visual quality and quantitative metrics. 
### 38.TACO: Trash Annotations in Context for Litter Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06975.pdf)
>  TACO is an open image dataset for litter detection and segmentation, which is growing through crowdsourcing. Firstly, this paper describes this dataset and the tools developed to support it. Secondly, we report instance segmentation performance using Mask R-CNN on the current version of TACO. Despite its small size (1500 images and 4784 annotations), our results are promising on this challenging problem. However, to achieve satisfactory trash detection in the wild for deployment, TACO still needs much more manual annotations. These can be contributed using: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://tacodataset.org/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> 
### 39.Vec2Face: Unveil Human Faces from their Blackbox Features in Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06958.pdf)
>  Unveiling face images of a subject given his/her high-level representations extracted from a blackbox Face Recognition engine is extremely challenging. It is because the limitations of accessible information from that engine including its structure and uninterpretable extracted features. This paper presents a novel generative structure with Bijective Metric Learning, namely Bijective Generative Adversarial Networks in a Distillation framework (DiBiGAN), for synthesizing faces of an identity given that person's features. In order to effectively address this problem, this work firstly introduces a bijective metric so that the distance measurement and metric learning process can be directly adopted in image domain for an image reconstruction task. Secondly, a distillation process is introduced to maximize the information exploited from the blackbox face recognition engine. Then a Feature-Conditional Generator Structure with Exponential Weighting Strategy is presented for a more robust generator that can synthesize realistic faces with ID preservation. Results on several benchmarking datasets including CelebA, LFW, AgeDB, CFP-FP against matching engines have demonstrated the effectiveness of DiBiGAN on both image realism and ID preservation properties. 
### 40.Frustratingly Simple Few-Shot Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06957.pdf)
>  Detecting rare objects from a few examples is an emerging problem. Prior works show meta-learning is a promising approach. But, fine-tuning techniques have drawn scant attention. We find that fine-tuning only the last layer of existing detectors on rare classes is crucial to the few-shot object detection task. Such a simple approach outperforms the meta-learning methods by roughly 2~20 points on current benchmarks and sometimes even doubles the accuracy of the prior methods. However, the high variance in the few samples often leads to the unreliability of existing benchmarks. We revise the evaluation protocols by sampling multiple groups of training examples to obtain stable comparisons and build new benchmarks based on three datasets: PASCAL VOC, COCO and LVIS. Again, our fine-tuning approach establishes a new state of the art on the revised benchmarks. The code as well as the pretrained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ucbdrive/few-shot-object-detection" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 41.Camera Trace Erasing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06951.pdf)
>  Camera trace is a unique noise produced in digital imaging process. Most existing forensic methods analyze camera trace to identify image origins. In this paper, we address a new low-level vision problem, camera trace erasing, to reveal the weakness of trace-based forensic methods. A comprehensive investigation on existing anti-forensic methods reveals that it is non-trivial to effectively erase camera trace while avoiding the destruction of content signal. To reconcile these two demands, we propose Siamese Trace Erasing (SiamTE), in which a novel hybrid loss is designed on the basis of Siamese architecture for network training. Specifically, we propose embedded similarity, truncated fidelity, and cross identity to form the hybrid loss. Compared with existing anti-forensic methods, SiamTE has a clear advantage for camera trace erasing, which is demonstrated in three representative tasks. Code and dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ngchc/CameraTE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 42.Scene Completeness-Aware Lidar Depth Completion for Driving Scenario  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06945.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose Scene Completeness-Aware Depth Completion (SADC) to complete raw lidar scans into dense depth maps with fine whole scene structures. Recent sparse depth completion for lidar only focuses on the lower scenes and produce irregular estimations on the upper because existing datasets such as KITTI do not provide groundtruth for upper areas. These areas are considered less important because they are usually sky or trees and of less scene understanding interest. However, we argue that in several driving scenarios such as large trucks or cars with loads, objects could extend to upper parts of scenes, and thus depth maps with structured upper scene estimation are important for RGBD algorithms. SADC leverages stereo cameras, which have better scene completeness, and lidars, which are more precise, to perform sparse depth completion. To our knowledge, we are the first to focus on scene completeness of sparse depth completion. We validate our SADC on both depth estimate precision and scene-completeness on KITTI. Moreover, SADC only adds small extra computational cost upon base methods of stereo matching and lidar completion in terms of runtime and model size. 
### 43.Hyperspectral-Multispectral Image Fusion with Weighted LASSO  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06944.pdf)
>  Spectral imaging enables spatially-resolved identification of materials in remote sensing, biomedicine, and astronomy. However, acquisition times require balancing spectral and spatial resolution with signal-to-noise. Hyperspectral imaging provides superior material specificity, while multispectral images are faster to collect at greater fidelity. We propose an approach for fusing hyperspectral and multispectral images to provide high-quality hyperspectral output. The proposed optimization leverages the least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) to perform variable selection and regularization. Computational time is reduced by applying the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM), as well as initializing the fusion image by estimating it using maximum a posteriori (MAP) based on Hardie's method. We demonstrate that the proposed sparse fusion and reconstruction provides quantitatively superior results when compared to existing methods on publicly available images. Finally, we show how the proposed method can be practically applied in biomedical infrared spectroscopic microscopy. 
### 44.Self-Constructing Graph Convolutional Networks for Semantic Labeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06932.pdf)
>  Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) have received increasing attention in many fields. However, due to the lack of prior graphs, their use for semantic labeling has been limited. Here, we propose a novel architecture called the Self-Constructing Graph (SCG), which makes use of learnable latent variables to generate embeddings and to self-construct the underlying graphs directly from the input features without relying on manually built prior knowledge graphs. SCG can automatically obtain optimized non-local context graphs from complex-shaped objects in aerial imagery. We optimize SCG via an adaptive diagonal enhancement method and a variational lower bound that consists of a customized graph reconstruction term and a Kullback-Leibler divergence regularization term. We demonstrate the effectiveness and flexibility of the proposed SCG on the publicly available ISPRS Vaihingen dataset and our model SCG-Net achieves competitive results in terms of F1-score with much fewer parameters and at a lower computational cost compared to related pure-CNN based work. Our code will be made public soon. 
### 45.Evaluation of Rounding Functions in Nearest-Neighbor Interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06885.pdf)
>  This paper evaluates three rounding functions for nearest neighbor (NN) image interpolation. Evaluated rounding functions are selected among the five rounding rules defined by the IEEE 754-2008 standard. Both full- and non-reference image quality assessment (IQA) metrics evaluate interpolation image quality objectively to extract the number of achieved occurrences over targeted occurrences. Targeted occurrence indicates the optimally achievable number that is directly proportional to the number of sample images, IQA metrics, and scaling ratios. Inferential statistical analysis concept is applied to deduce from a small number of images and draw a conclusion of the behavior of each rounding function on a bigger number of images. Considering the number of images bigger than five, inferential analysis demonstrated that, at 95% of confidence level, the ceil function could also achieve 83.75% of targeted occurrences with 8 to 11% margin of error while the floor and round functions could only achieve 22.5% and 32.5% of targeted occurrences, respectively, with the same margin of error. 
### 46.Night-time Semantic Segmentation with a Large Real Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06883.pdf)
>  Although huge progress has been made on semantic segmentation in recent years, most existing works assume that the input images are captured in day-time with good lighting conditions. In this work, we aim to address the semantic segmentation problem of night-time scenes, which has two main challenges: 1) labeled night-time data are scarce, and 2) over- and under-exposures may co-occur in the input night-time images and are not explicitly modeled in existing semantic segmentation pipelines. To tackle the scarcity of night-time data, we collect a novel labeled dataset (named NightCity) of 4,297 real night-time images with ground truth pixel-level semantic annotations. To our knowledge, NightCity is the largest dataset for night-time semantic segmentation. In addition, we also propose an exposure-aware framework to address the night-time segmentation problem through augmenting the segmentation process with explicitly learned exposure features. Extensive experiments show that training on NightCity can significantly improve the performance of night-time semantic segmentation and that our exposure-aware model outperforms the state-of-the-art segmentation methods, yielding top performances on our benchmark dataset. 
### 47.Guidance and Evaluation: Semantic-Aware Image Inpainting for Mixed Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06877.pdf)
>  Completing a corrupted image with correct structures and reasonable textures for a mixed scene remains an elusive challenge. Since the missing hole in a mixed scene of a corrupted image often contains various semantic information, conventional two-stage approaches utilizing structural information often lead to the problem of unreliable structural prediction and ambiguous image texture generation. In this paper, we propose a Semantic Guidance and Evaluation Network (SGE-Net) to iteratively update the structural priors and the inpainted image in an interplay framework of semantics extraction and image inpainting. It utilizes semantic segmentation map as guidance in each scale of inpainting, under which location-dependent inferences are re-evaluated, and, accordingly, poorly-inferred regions are refined in subsequent scales. Extensive experiments on real-world images of mixed scenes demonstrated the superiority of our proposed method over state-of-the-art approaches, in terms of clear boundaries and photo-realistic textures. 
### 48.Multistage Curvilinear Coordinate Transform Based Document Image Dewarping using a Novel Quality Estimator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06872.pdf)
>  The present work demonstrates a fast and improved technique for dewarping nonlinearly warped document images. The images are first dewarped at the page-level by estimating optimum inverse projections using curvilinear homography. The quality of the process is then estimated by evaluating a set of metrics related to the characteristics of the text lines and rectilinear objects for measuring parallelism, orthogonality, etc. These are designed specifically to estimate the quality of the dewarping process without the need of any ground truth. If the quality is estimated to be unsatisfactory, the page-level dewarping process is repeated with finer approximations. This is followed by a line-level dewarping process that makes granular corrections to the warps in individual text-lines. The methodology has been tested on the CBDAR 2007 / IUPR 2011 document image dewarping dataset and is seen to yield the best OCR accuracy in the shortest amount of time, till date. The usefulness of the methodology has also been evaluated on the DocUNet 2018 dataset with some minor tweaks, and is seen to produce comparable results. 
### 49.Deep Affinity Net: Instance Segmentation via Affinity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06849.pdf)
>  Most of the modern instance segmentation approaches fall into two categories: region-based approaches in which object bounding boxes are detected first and later used in cropping and segmenting instances; and keypoint-based approaches in which individual instances are represented by a set of keypoints followed by a dense pixel clustering around those keypoints. Despite the maturity of these two paradigms, we would like to report an alternative affinity-based paradigm where instances are segmented based on densely predicted affinities and graph partitioning algorithms. Such affinity-based approaches indicate that high-level graph features other than regions or keypoints can be directly applied in the instance segmentation task. In this work, we propose Deep Affinity Net, an effective affinity-based approach accompanied with a new graph partitioning algorithm Cascade-GAEC. Without bells and whistles, our end-to-end model results in 32.4% AP on Cityscapes val and 27.5% AP on test. It achieves the best single-shot result as well as the fastest running time among all affinity-based models. It also outperforms the region-based method Mask R-CNN. 
### 50.SF-Net: Single-Frame Supervision for Temporal Action Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06845.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study an intermediate form of supervision, i.e., single-frame supervision, for temporal action localization (TAL). To obtain the single-frame supervision, the annotators are asked to identify only a single frame within the temporal window of an action. This can significantly reduce the labor cost of obtaining full supervision which requires annotating the action boundary. Compared to the weak supervision that only annotates the video-level label, the single-frame supervision introduces extra temporal action signals while maintaining low annotation overhead. To make full use of such single-frame supervision, we propose a unified system called SF-Net. First, we propose to predict an actionness score for each video frame. Along with a typical category score, the actionness score can provide comprehensive information about the occurrence of a potential action and aid the temporal boundary refinement during inference. Second, we mine pseudo action and background frames based on the single-frame annotations. We identify pseudo action frames by adaptively expanding each annotated single frame to its nearby, contextual frames and we mine pseudo background frames from all the unannotated frames across multiple videos. Together with the ground-truth labeled frames, these pseudo-labeled frames are further used for training the classifier. In extensive experiments on THUMOS14, GTEA, and BEOID, SF-Net significantly improves upon state-of-the-art weakly-supervised methods in terms of both segment localization and single-frame localization. Notably, SF-Net achieves comparable results to its fully-supervised counterpart which requires much more resource intensive annotations. 
### 51.3D-CariGAN: An End-to-End Solution to 3D Caricature Generation from Face Photos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06841.pdf)
>  Caricature is a kind of artistic style of human faces that attracts considerable research in computer vision. So far all existing 3D caricature generation methods require some information related to caricature as input, e.g., a caricature sketch or 2D caricature. However, this kind of input is difficult to provide by non-professional users. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end deep neural network model to generate high-quality 3D caricature with a simple face photo as input. The most challenging issue in our system is that the source domain of face photos (characterized by 2D normal faces) is significantly different from the target domain of 3D caricatures (characterized by 3D exaggerated face shapes and texture). To address this challenge, we (1) build a large dataset of 6,100 3D caricature meshes and use it to establish a PCA model in the 3D caricature shape space and (2) detect landmarks in the input face photo and use them to set up correspondence between 2D caricature and 3D caricature shape. Our system can automatically generate high-quality 3D caricatures. In many situations, users want to control the output by a simple and intuitive way, so we further introduce a simple-to-use interactive control with three horizontal and one vertical lines. Experiments and user studies show that our system is easy to use and can generate high-quality 3D caricatures. 
### 52.Energy-based Periodicity Mining with Deep Features for Action Repetition Counting in Unconstrained Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06838.pdf)
>  Action repetition counting is to estimate the occurrence times of the repetitive motion in one action, which is a relatively new, important but challenging measurement problem. To solve this problem, we propose a new method superior to the traditional ways in two aspects, without preprocessing and applicable for arbitrary periodicity actions. Without preprocessing, the proposed model makes our method convenient for real applications; processing the arbitrary periodicity action makes our model more suitable for the actual circumstance. In terms of methodology, firstly, we analyze the movement patterns of the repetitive actions based on the spatial and temporal features of actions extracted by deep ConvNets; Secondly, the Principal Component Analysis algorithm is used to generate the intuitive periodic information from the chaotic high-dimensional deep features; Thirdly, the periodicity is mined based on the high-energy rule using Fourier transform; Finally, the inverse Fourier transform with a multi-stage threshold filter is proposed to improve the quality of the mined periodicity, and peak detection is introduced to finish the repetition counting. Our work features two-fold: 1) An important insight that deep features extracted for action recognition can well model the self-similarity periodicity of the repetitive action is presented. 2) A high-energy based periodicity mining rule using deep features is presented, which can process arbitrary actions without preprocessing. Experimental results show that our method achieves comparable results on the public datasets YT Segments and QUVA. 
### 53.FGSD: A Dataset for Fine-Grained Ship Detection in High Resolution Satellite Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06832.pdf)
>  Ship detection using high-resolution remote sensing images is an important task, which contribute to sea surface regulation. The complex background and special visual angle make ship detection relies in high quality datasets to a certain extent. However, there is few works on giving both precise classification and accurate location of ships in existing ship detection datasets. To further promote the research of ship detection, we introduced a new fine-grained ship detection datasets, which is named as FGSD. The dataset collects high-resolution remote sensing images that containing ship samples from multiple large ports around the world. Ship samples were fine categorized and annotated with both horizontal and rotating bounding boxes. To further detailed the information of the dataset, we put forward a new representation method of ships' orientation. For future research, the dock as a new class was annotated in the dataset. Besides, rich information of images were provided in FGSD, including the source port, resolution and corresponding GoogleEarth' s resolution level of each image. As far as we know, FGSD is the most comprehensive ship detection dataset currently and it'll be available soon. Some baselines for FGSD are also provided in this paper. 
### 54.VCNet: A Robust Approach to Blind Image Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06816.pdf)
>  Blind inpainting is a task to automatically complete visual contents without specifying masks for missing areas in an image. Previous works assume missing region patterns are known, limiting its application scope. In this paper, we relax the assumption by defining a new blind inpainting setting, making training a blind inpainting neural system robust against various unknown missing region patterns. Specifically, we propose a two-stage visual consistency network (VCN), meant to estimate where to fill (via masks) and generate what to fill. In this procedure, the unavoidable potential mask prediction errors lead to severe artifacts in the subsequent repairing. To address it, our VCN predicts semantically inconsistent regions first, making mask prediction more tractable. Then it repairs these estimated missing regions using a new spatial normalization, enabling VCN to be robust to the mask prediction errors. In this way, semantically convincing and visually compelling content is thus generated. Extensive experiments are conducted, showing our method is effective and robust in blind image inpainting. And our VCN allows for a wide spectrum of applications. 
### 55.OS2D: One-Stage One-Shot Object Detection by Matching Anchor Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06800.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider the task of one-shot object detection, which consists in detecting objects defined by a single demonstration. Differently from the standard object detection, the classes of objects used for training and testing do not overlap. We build the one-stage system that performs localization and recognition jointly. We use dense correlation matching of learned local features to find correspondences, a feed-forward geometric transformation model to align features and bilinear resampling of the correlation tensor to compute the detection score of the aligned features. All the components are differentiable, which allows end-to-end training. Experimental evaluation on several challenging domains (retail products, 3D objects, buildings and logos) shows that our method can detect unseen classes (e.g., toothpaste when trained on groceries) and outperforms several baselines by a significant margin. Our code is available online: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/aosokin/os2d" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . 
### 56.StarNet: towards weakly supervised few-shot detection and explainable few-shot classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06798.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a new few-shot learning method called StarNet, which is an end-to-end trainable non-parametric star-model few-shot classifier. While being meta-trained using only image-level class labels, StarNet learns not only to predict the class labels for each query image of a few-shot task, but also to localize (via a heatmap) what it believes to be the key image regions supporting its prediction, thus effectively detecting the instances of the novel categories. The localization is enabled by the StarNet's ability to find large, arbitrarily shaped, semantically matching regions between all pairs of support and query images of a few-shot task. We evaluate StarNet on multiple few-shot classification benchmarks attaining significant state-of-the-art improvement on the CUB and ImageNetLOC-FS, and smaller improvements on other benchmarks. At the same time, in many cases, StarNet provides plausible explanations for its class label predictions, by highlighting the correctly paired novel category instances on the query and on its best matching support (for the predicted class). In addition, we test the proposed approach on the previously unexplored and challenging task of Weakly Supervised Few-Shot Object Detection (WS-FSOD), obtaining significant improvements over the baselines. 
### 57.Performance Evaluation of Advanced Deep Learning Architectures for Offline Handwritten Character Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06794.pdf)
>  This paper presents a hand-written character recognition comparison and performance evaluation for robust and precise classification of different hand-written characters. The system utilizes advanced multilayer deep neural network by collecting features from raw pixel values. The hidden layers stack deep hierarchies of non-linear features since learning complex features from conventional neural networks is very challenging. Two state of the art deep learning architectures were used which includes Caffe AlexNet and GoogleNet models in NVIDIA DIGITS.The frameworks were trained and tested on two different datasets for incorporating diversity and complexity. One of them is the publicly available dataset i.e. Chars74K comprising of 7705 characters and has upper and lowercase English alphabets, along with numerical digits. While the other dataset created locally consists of 4320 characters. The local dataset consists of 62 classes and was created by 40 subjects. It also consists upper and lowercase English alphabets, along with numerical digits. The overall dataset is divided in the ratio of 80% for training and 20% for testing phase. The time required for training phase is approximately 90 minutes. For validation part, the results obtained were compared with the groundtruth. The accuracy level achieved with AlexNet was 77.77% and 88.89% with Google Net. The higher accuracy level of GoogleNet is due to its unique combination of inception modules, each including pooling, convolutions at various scales and concatenation procedures. 
### 58.Learning Enriched Features for Real Image Restoration and Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06792.pdf)
>  With the goal of recovering high-quality image content from its degraded version, image restoration enjoys numerous applications, such as in surveillance, computational photography, medical imaging, and remote sensing. Recently, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have achieved dramatic improvements over conventional approaches for image restoration task. Existing CNN-based methods typically operate either on full-resolution or on progressively low-resolution representations. In the former case, spatially precise but contextually less robust results are achieved, while in the latter case, semantically reliable but spatially less accurate outputs are generated. In this paper, we present a novel architecture with the collective goals of maintaining spatially-precise high-resolution representations through the entire network, and receiving strong contextual information from the low-resolution representations. The core of our approach is a multi-scale residual block containing several key elements: (a) parallel multi-resolution convolution streams for extracting multi-scale features, (b) information exchange across the multi-resolution streams, (c) spatial and channel attention mechanisms for capturing contextual information, and (d) attention based multi-scale feature aggregation. In the nutshell, our approach learns an enriched set of features that combines contextual information from multiple scales, while simultaneously preserving the high-resolution spatial details. Extensive experiments on five real image benchmark datasets demonstrate that our method, named as MIRNet, achieves state-of-the-art results for a variety of image processing tasks, including image denoising, super-resolution and image enhancement. 
### 59.GMM-UNIT: Unsupervised Multi-Domain and Multi-Modal Image-to-Image Translation via Attribute Gaussian Mixture Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06788.pdf)
>  Unsupervised image-to-image translation (UNIT) aims at learning a mapping between several visual domains by using unpaired training images. Recent studies have shown remarkable success for multiple domains but they suffer from two main limitations: they are either built from several two-domain mappings that are required to be learned independently, or they generate low-diversity results, a problem known as model collapse. To overcome these limitations, we propose a method named GMM-UNIT, which is based on a content-attribute disentangled representation where the attribute space is fitted with a GMM. Each GMM component represents a domain, and this simple assumption has two prominent advantages. First, it can be easily extended to most multi-domain and multi-modal image-to-image translation tasks. Second, the continuous domain encoding allows for interpolation between domains and for extrapolation to unseen domains and translations. Additionally, we show how GMM-UNIT can be constrained down to different methods in the literature, meaning that GMM-UNIT is a unifying framework for unsupervised image-to-image translation. 
### 60.Self-trained Deep Ordinal Regression for End-to-End Video Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06780.pdf)
>  Video anomaly detection is of critical practical importance to a variety of real applications because it allows human attention to be focused on events that are likely to be of interest, in spite of an otherwise overwhelming volume of video. We show that applying self-trained deep ordinal regression to video anomaly detection overcomes two key limitations of existing methods, namely, 1) being highly dependent on manually labeled normal training data; and 2) sub-optimal feature learning. By formulating a surrogate two-class ordinal regression task we devise an end-to-end trainable video anomaly detection approach that enables joint representation learning and anomaly scoring without manually labeled normal/abnormal data. Experiments on eight real-world video scenes show that our proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art methods that require no labeled training data by a substantial margin, and enables easy and accurate localization of the identified anomalies. Furthermore, we demonstrate that our method offers effective human-in-the-loop anomaly detection which can be critical in applications where anomalies are rare and the false-negative cost is high. 
### 61.DeepEMD: Few-Shot Image Classification with Differentiable Earth Mover's Distance and Structured Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06777.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the few-shot classification task from a new perspective of optimal matching between image regions. We adopt the Earth Mover's Distance (EMD) as a metric to compute a structural distance between dense image representations to determine image relevance. The EMD generates the optimal matching flows between structural elements that have the minimum matching cost, which is used to represent the image distance for classification. To generate the important weights of elements in the EMD formulation, we design a cross-reference mechanism, which can effectively minimize the impact caused by the cluttered background and large intra-class appearance variations. To handle k-shot classification, we propose to learn a structured fully connected layer that can directly classify dense image representations with the EMD. Based on the implicit function theorem, the EMD can be inserted as a layer into the network for end-to-end training. We conduct comprehensive experiments to validate our algorithm and we set new state-of-the-art performance on four popular few-shot classification benchmarks, namely miniImageNet, tieredImageNet, Fewshot-CIFAR100 (FC100) and Caltech-UCSD Birds-200-2011 (CUB). 
### 62.Siamese Box Adaptive Network for Visual Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06761.pdf)
>  Most of the existing trackers usually rely on either a multi-scale searching scheme or pre-defined anchor boxes to accurately estimate the scale and aspect ratio of a target. Unfortunately, they typically call for tedious and heuristic configurations. To address this issue, we propose a simple yet effective visual tracking framework (named Siamese Box Adaptive Network, SiamBAN) by exploiting the expressive power of the fully convolutional network (FCN). SiamBAN views the visual tracking problem as a parallel classification and regression problem, and thus directly classifies objects and regresses their bounding boxes in a unified FCN. The no-prior box design avoids hyper-parameters associated with the candidate boxes, making SiamBAN more flexible and general. Extensive experiments on visual tracking benchmarks including VOT2018, VOT2019, OTB100, NFS, UAV123, and LaSOT demonstrate that SiamBAN achieves state-of-the-art performance and runs at 40 FPS, confirming its effectiveness and efficiency. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hqucv/siamban" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 63.Channel Pruning Guided by Classification Loss and Feature Importance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06757.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a new layer-by-layer channel pruning method called Channel Pruning guided by classification Loss and feature Importance (CPLI). In contrast to the existing layer-by-layer channel pruning approaches that only consider how to reconstruct the features from the next layer, our approach additionally take the classification loss into account in the channel pruning process. We also observe that some reconstructed features will be removed at the next pruning stage. So it is unnecessary to reconstruct these features. To this end, we propose a new strategy to suppress the influence of unimportant features (i.e., the features will be removed at the next pruning stage). Our comprehensive experiments on three benchmark datasets, i.e., CIFAR-10, ImageNet, and UCF-101, demonstrate the effectiveness of our CPLI method. 
### 64.MotionNet: Joint Perception and Motion Prediction for Autonomous Driving Based on Bird's Eye View Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06754.pdf)
>  The ability to reliably perceive the environmental states, particularly the existence of objects and their motion behavior, is crucial for autonomous driving. In this work, we propose an efficient deep model, called MotionNet, to jointly perform perception and motion prediction from 3D point clouds. MotionNet takes a sequence of LiDAR sweeps as input and outputs a bird's eye view (BEV) map, which encodes the object category and motion information in each grid cell. The backbone of MotionNet is a novel spatio-temporal pyramid network, which extracts deep spatial and temporal features in a hierarchical fashion. To enforce the smoothness of predictions over both space and time, the training of MotionNet is further regularized with novel spatial and temporal consistency losses. Extensive experiments show that the proposed method overall outperforms the state-of-the-arts, including the latest scene-flow- and 3D-object-detection-based methods. This indicates the potential value of the proposed method serving as a backup to the bounding-box-based system, and providing complementary information to the motion planner in autonomous driving. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/pxiangwu/MotionNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 65.Learning 2D-3D Correspondences To Solve The Blind Perspective-n-Point Problem  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06752.pdf)
>  Conventional absolute camera pose via a Perspective-n-Point (PnP) solver often assumes that the correspondences between 2D image pixels and 3D points are given. When the correspondences between 2D and 3D points are not known a priori, the task becomes the much more challenging blind PnP problem. This paper proposes a deep CNN model which simultaneously solves for both the 6-DoF absolute camera pose and 2D--3D correspondences. Our model comprises three neural modules connected in sequence. First, a two-stream PointNet-inspired network is applied directly to both the 2D image keypoints and the 3D scene points in order to extract discriminative point-wise features harnessing both local and contextual information. Second, a global feature matching module is employed to estimate a matchability matrix among all 2D--3D pairs. Third, the obtained matchability matrix is fed into a classification module to disambiguate inlier matches. The entire network is trained end-to-end, followed by a robust model fitting (P3P-RANSAC) at test time only to recover the 6-DoF camera pose. Extensive tests on both real and simulated data have shown that our method substantially outperforms existing approaches, and is capable of processing thousands of points a second with the state-of-the-art accuracy. 
### 66.A Novel Learnable Gradient Descent Type Algorithm for Non-convex Non-smooth Inverse Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06748.pdf)
>  Optimization algorithms for solving nonconvex inverse problem have attracted significant interests recently. However, existing methods require the nonconvex regularization to be smooth or simple to ensure convergence. In this paper, we propose a novel gradient descent type algorithm, by leveraging the idea of residual learning and Nesterov's smoothing technique, to solve inverse problems consisting of general nonconvex and nonsmooth regularization with provable convergence. Moreover, we develop a neural network architecture intimating this algorithm to learn the nonlinear sparsity transformation adaptively from training data, which also inherits the convergence to accommodate the general nonconvex structure of this learned transformation. Numerical results demonstrate that the proposed network outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on a variety of different image reconstruction problems in terms of efficiency and accuracy. 
### 67.Beyond without Forgetting: Multi-Task Learning for Classification with Disjoint Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06746.pdf)
>  Multi-task Learning (MTL) for classification with disjoint datasets aims to explore MTL when one task only has one labeled dataset. In existing methods, for each task, the unlabeled datasets are not fully exploited to facilitate this task. Inspired by semi-supervised learning, we use unlabeled datasets with pseudo labels to facilitate each task. However, there are two major issues: 1) the pseudo labels are very noisy; 2) the unlabeled datasets and the labeled dataset for each task has considerable data distribution mismatch. To address these issues, we propose our MTL with Selective Augmentation (MTL-SA) method to select the training samples in unlabeled datasets with confident pseudo labels and close data distribution to the labeled dataset. Then, we use the selected training samples to add information and use the remaining training samples to preserve information. Extensive experiments on face-centric and human-centric applications demonstrate the effectiveness of our MTL-SA method. 
### 68.Vision-Dialog Navigation by Exploring Cross-modal Memory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06745.pdf)
>  Vision-dialog navigation posed as a new holy-grail task in vision-language disciplinary targets at learning an agent endowed with the capability of constant conversation for help with natural language and navigating according to human responses. Besides the common challenges faced in visual language navigation, vision-dialog navigation also requires to handle well with the language intentions of a series of questions about the temporal context from dialogue history and co-reasoning both dialogs and visual scenes. In this paper, we propose the Cross-modal Memory Network (CMN) for remembering and understanding the rich information relevant to historical navigation actions. Our CMN consists of two memory modules, the language memory module (L-mem) and the visual memory module (V-mem). Specifically, L-mem learns latent relationships between the current language interaction and a dialog history by employing a multi-head attention mechanism. V-mem learns to associate the current visual views and the cross-modal memory about the previous navigation actions. The cross-modal memory is generated via a vision-to-language attention and a language-to-vision attention. Benefiting from the collaborative learning of the L-mem and the V-mem, our CMN is able to explore the memory about the decision making of historical navigation actions which is for the current step. Experiments on the CVDN dataset show that our CMN outperforms the previous state-of-the-art model by a significant margin on both seen and unseen environments. 
### 69.A model of figure ground organization incorporating local and global cues  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06731.pdf)
>  Figure Ground Organization (FGO) -- inferring spatial depth ordering of objects in a visual scene -- involves determining which side of an occlusion boundary is figure (closer to the observer) and which is ground (further away from the observer). A combination of global cues, like convexity, and local cues, like T-junctions are involved in this process. We present a biologically motivated, feed forward computational model of FGO incorporating convexity, surroundedness, parallelism as global cues and Spectral Anisotropy (SA), T-junctions as local cues. While SA is computed in a biologically plausible manner, the inclusion of T-Junctions is biologically motivated. The model consists of three independent feature channels, Color, Intensity and Orientation, but SA and T-Junctions are introduced only in the Orientation channel as these properties are specific to that feature of objects. We study the effect of adding each local cue independently and both of them simultaneously to the model with no local cues. We evaluate model performance based on figure-ground classification accuracy (FGCA) at every border location using the BSDS 300 figure-ground dataset. Each local cue, when added alone, gives statistically significant improvement in the FGCA of the model suggesting its usefulness as an independent FGO cue. The model with both local cues achieves higher FGCA than the models with individual cues, indicating SA and T-Junctions are not mutually contradictory. Compared to the model with no local cues, the feed-forward model with both local cues achieves $\geq 8.78$% improvement in terms of FGCA. 
### 70.NoiseRank: Unsupervised Label Noise Reduction with Dependence Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06729.pdf)
>  Label noise is increasingly prevalent in datasets acquired from noisy channels. Existing approaches that detect and remove label noise generally rely on some form of supervision, which is not scalable and error-prone. In this paper, we propose NoiseRank, for unsupervised label noise reduction using Markov Random Fields (MRF). We construct a dependence model to estimate the posterior probability of an instance being incorrectly labeled given the dataset, and rank instances based on their estimated probabilities. Our method 1) Does not require supervision from ground-truth labels, or priors on label or noise distribution. 2) It is interpretable by design, enabling transparency in label noise removal. 3) It is agnostic to classifier architecture/optimization framework and content modality. These advantages enable wide applicability in real noise settings, unlike prior works constrained by one or more conditions. NoiseRank improves state-of-the-art classification on Food101-N (~20% noise), and is effective on high noise Clothing-1M (~40% noise). 
### 71.Class Conditional Alignment for Partial Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06722.pdf)
>  Adversarial adaptation models have demonstrated significant progress towards transferring knowledge from a labeled source dataset to an unlabeled target dataset. Partial domain adaptation (PDA) investigates the scenarios in which the source domain is large and diverse, and the target label space is a subset of the source label space. The main purpose of PDA is to identify the shared classes between the domains and promote learning transferable knowledge from these classes. In this paper, we propose a multi-class adversarial architecture for PDA. The proposed approach jointly aligns the marginal and class-conditional distributions in the shared label space by minimaxing a novel multi-class adversarial loss function. Furthermore, we incorporate effective regularization terms to encourage selecting the most relevant subset of source domain classes. In the absence of target labels, the proposed approach is able to effectively learn domain-invariant feature representations, which in turn can enhance the classification performance in the target domain. Comprehensive experiments on three benchmark datasets Office-31, Office-Home, and Caltech-Office corroborate the effectiveness of the proposed approach in addressing different partial transfer learning tasks. 
### 72.Emotions Don't Lie: A Deepfake Detection Method using Audio-Visual Affective Cues  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06711.pdf)
>  We present a learning-based multimodal method for detecting real and deepfake videos. To maximize information for learning, we extract and analyze the similarity between the two audio and visual modalities from within the same video. Additionally, we extract and compare affective cues corresponding to emotion from the two modalities within a video to infer whether the input video is "real" or "fake". We propose a deep learning network, inspired by the Siamese network architecture and the triplet loss. To validate our model, we report the AUC metric on two large-scale, audio-visual deepfake detection datasets, DeepFake-TIMIT Dataset and DFDC. We compare our approach with several SOTA deepfake detection methods and report per-video AUC of 84.4% on the DFDC and 96.6% on the DF-TIMIT datasets, respectively. 
### 73.Identifying Individual Dogs in Social Media Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06705.pdf)
>  We present the results of an initial study focused on developing a visual AI solution able to recognize individual dogs in unconstrained (wild) images occurring on social media. <br>The work described here is part of joint project done with Pet2Net, a social network focused on pets and their owners. In order to detect and recognize individual dogs we combine transfer learning and object detection approaches on Inception v3 and SSD Inception v2 architectures respectively and evaluate the proposed pipeline using a new data set containing real data that the users uploaded to Pet2Net platform. We show that it can achieve 94.59% accuracy in identifying individual dogs. Our approach has been designed with simplicity in mind and the goal of easy deployment on all the images uploaded to Pet2Net platform. <br>A purely visual approach to identifying dogs in images, will enhance Pet2Net features aimed at finding lost dogs, as well as form the basis of future work focused on identifying social relationships between dogs, which cannot be inferred from other data collected by the platform. 
### 74.TAFSSL: Task-Adaptive Feature Sub-Space Learning for few-shot classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06670.pdf)
>  The field of Few-Shot Learning (FSL), or learning from very few (typically $1$ or $5$) examples per novel class (unseen during training), has received a lot of attention and significant performance advances in the recent literature. While number of techniques have been proposed for FSL, several factors have emerged as most important for FSL performance, awarding SOTA even to the simplest of techniques. These are: the backbone architecture (bigger is better), type of pre-training on the base classes (meta-training vs regular multi-class, currently regular wins), quantity and diversity of the base classes set (the more the merrier, resulting in richer and better adaptive features), and the use of self-supervised tasks during pre-training (serving as a proxy for increasing the diversity of the base set). In this paper we propose yet another simple technique that is important for the few shot learning performance - a search for a compact feature sub-space that is discriminative for a given few-shot test task. We show that the Task-Adaptive Feature Sub-Space Learning (TAFSSL) can significantly boost the performance in FSL scenarios when some additional unlabeled data accompanies the novel few-shot task, be it either the set of unlabeled queries (transductive FSL) or some additional set of unlabeled data samples (semi-supervised FSL). Specifically, we show that on the challenging miniImageNet and tieredImageNet benchmarks, TAFSSL can improve the current state-of-the-art in both transductive and semi-supervised FSL settings by more than $5\%$, while increasing the benefit of using unlabeled data in FSL to above $10\%$ performance gain. 
### 75.Structured Domain Adaptation for Unsupervised Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06650.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) aims at adapting the model trained on a labeled source-domain dataset to another target-domain dataset without any annotation. The task of UDA for the open-set person re-identification (re-ID) is even more challenging as the identities (classes) have no overlap between the two domains. Existing UDA methods for person re-ID have the following limitations. 1) Pseudo-label-based methods achieve state-of-the-art performances but ignore the complex relations between two domains' images, along with the valuable source-domain annotations. 2) Domain translation-based methods cannot achieve competitive performances as the domain translation is not properly regularized to generate informative enough training samples that well maintain inter-sample relations. To tackle the above challenges, we propose an end-to-end structured domain adaptation framework that consists of a novel structured domain-translation network and two domain-specific person image encoders. The structured domain-translation network can effectively transform the source-domain images into the target domain while well preserving the original intra- and inter-identity relations. The target-domain encoder could then be trained using both source-to-target translated images with valuable ground-truth labels and target-domain images with pseudo labels. Importantly, the domain-translation network and target-domain encoder are jointly optimized, improving each other towards the overall objective, i.e. to achieve optimal re-ID performances on the target domain. Our proposed framework outperforms state-of-the-art methods on multiple UDA tasks of person re-ID. 
### 76.Fast Depth Estimation for View Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06637.pdf)
>  Disparity/depth estimation from sequences of stereo images is an important element in 3D vision. Owing to occlusions, imperfect settings and homogeneous luminance, accurate estimate of depth remains a challenging problem. Targetting view synthesis, we propose a novel learning-based framework making use of dilated convolution, densely connected convolutional modules, compact decoder and skip connections. The network is shallow but dense, so it is fast and accurate. Two additional contributions -- a non-linear adjustment of the depth resolution and the introduction of a projection loss, lead to reduction of estimation error by up to 20% and 25% respectively. The results show that our network outperforms state-of-the-art methods with an average improvement in accuracy of depth estimation and view synthesis by approximately 45% and 34% respectively. Where our method generates comparable quality of estimated depth, it performs 10 times faster than those methods. 
### 77.Large-Scale Optimal Transport via Adversarial Training with Cycle-Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06635.pdf)
>  Recent advances in large-scale optimal transport have greatly extended its application scenarios in machine learning. However, existing methods either not explicitly learn the transport map or do not support general cost function. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end approach for large-scale optimal transport, which directly solves the transport map and is compatible with general cost function. It models the transport map via stochastic neural networks and enforces the constraint on the marginal distributions via adversarial training. The proposed framework can be further extended towards learning Monge map or optimal bijection via adopting cycle-consistency constraint(s). We verify the effectiveness of the proposed method and demonstrate its superior performance against existing methods with large-scale real-world applications, including domain adaptation, image-to-image translation, and color transfer. 
### 78.Non-Local Part-Aware Point Cloud Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06631.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel non-local part-aware deep neural network to denoise point clouds by exploring the inherent non-local self-similarity in 3D objects and scenes. Different from existing works that explore small local patches, we design the non-local learning unit (NLU) customized with a graph attention module to adaptively capture non-local semantically-related features over the entire point cloud. To enhance the denoising performance, we cascade a series of NLUs to progressively distill the noise features from the noisy inputs. Further, besides the conventional surface reconstruction loss, we formulate a semantic part loss to regularize the predictions towards the relevant parts and enable denoising in a part-aware manner. Lastly, we performed extensive experiments to evaluate our method, both quantitatively and qualitatively, and demonstrate its superiority over the state-of-the-arts on both synthetic and real-scanned noisy inputs. 
### 79.Monocular Depth Estimation Based On Deep Learning: An Overview  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06620.pdf)
>  Depth information is important for autonomous systems to perceive environments and estimate their own state. Traditional depth estimation methods, like structure from motion and stereo vision matching, are built on feature correspondences of multiple viewpoints. Meanwhile, the predicted depth maps are sparse. Inferring depth information from a single image (monocular depth estimation) is an ill-posed problem. With the rapid development of deep neural networks, monocular depth estimation based on deep learning has been widely studied recently and achieved promising performance in accuracy. Meanwhile, dense depth maps are estimated from single images by deep neural networks in an end-to-end manner. In order to improve the accuracy of depth estimation, different kinds of network frameworks, loss functions and training strategies are proposed subsequently. Therefore, we survey the current monocular depth estimation methods based on deep learning in this review. Initially, we conclude several widely used datasets and evaluation indicators in deep learning-based depth estimation. Furthermore, we review some representative existing methods according to different training manners: supervised, unsupervised and semi-supervised. Finally, we discuss the challenges and provide some ideas for future researches in monocular depth estimation. 
### 80.Medical Image Enhancement Using Histogram Processing and Feature Extraction for Cancer Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06615.pdf)
>  MRI (Magnetic Resonance Imaging) is a technique used to analyze and diagnose the problem defined by images like cancer or tumor in a brain. Physicians require good contrast images for better treatment purpose as it contains maximum information of the disease. MRI images are low contrast images which make diagnoses difficult; hence better localization of image pixels is required. Histogram Equalization techniques help to enhance the image so that it gives an improved visual quality and a well defined problem. The contrast and brightness is enhanced in such a way that it does not lose its original information and the brightness is preserved. We compare the different equalization techniques in this paper; the techniques are critically studied and elaborated. They are also tabulated to compare various parameters present in the image. In addition we have also segmented and extracted the tumor part out of the brain using K-means algorithm. For classification and feature extraction the method used is Support Vector Machine (SVM). The main goal of this research work is to help the medical field with a light of image processing. 
### 81.Learn to Augment: Joint Data Augmentation and Network Optimization for Text Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06606.pdf)
>  Handwritten text and scene text suffer from various shapes and distorted patterns. Thus training a robust recognition model requires a large amount of data to cover diversity as much as possible. In contrast to data collection and annotation, data augmentation is a low cost way. In this paper, we propose a new method for text image augmentation. Different from traditional augmentation methods such as rotation, scaling and perspective transformation, our proposed augmentation method is designed to learn proper and efficient data augmentation which is more effective and specific for training a robust recognizer. By using a set of custom fiducial points, the proposed augmentation method is flexible and controllable. Furthermore, we bridge the gap between the isolated processes of data augmentation and network optimization by joint learning. An agent network learns from the output of the recognition network and controls the fiducial points to generate more proper training samples for the recognition network. Extensive experiments on various benchmarks, including regular scene text, irregular scene text and handwritten text, show that the proposed augmentation and the joint learning methods significantly boost the performance of the recognition networks. A general toolkit for geometric augmentation is available. 
### 82.Collaborative Motion Prediction via Neural Motion Message Passing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06594.pdf)
>  Motion prediction is essential and challenging for autonomous vehicles and social robots. One challenge of motion prediction is to model the interaction among traffic actors, which could cooperate with each other to avoid collisions or form groups. To address this challenge, we propose neural motion message passing (NMMP) to explicitly model the interaction and learn representations for directed interactions between actors. Based on the proposed NMMP, we design the motion prediction systems for two settings: the pedestrian setting and the joint pedestrian and vehicle setting. Both systems share a common pattern: we use an individual branch to model the behavior of a single actor and an interactive branch to model the interaction between actors, while with different wrappers to handle the varied input formats and characteristics. The experimental results show that both systems outperform the previous state-of-the-art methods on several existing benchmarks. Besides, we provide interpretability for interaction learning. 
### 83.Image-to-image Neural Network for Addition and Subtraction of a Pair of Not Very Large Numbers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06592.pdf)
>  Looking back at the history of calculators, one can see that they become less functional and more computationally expensive over time. A modern calculator runs on a personal computer and is drawn at 60 fps only to help us click a few digits with a mouse pointer. A search engine is often used as a calculator, which means that nowadays we need the Internet just to add two numbers. In this paper, we propose to go further and train a convolutional neural network that takes an image of a simple mathematical expression and generates an image of an answer. This neural calculator works only with pairs of double-digit numbers and supports only addition and subtraction. Also, sometimes it makes mistakes. We promise that the proposed calculator is a small step for man, but one giant leap for mankind. 
### 84.From W-Net to CDGAN: Bi-temporal Change Detection via Deep Learning Techniques  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06583.pdf)
>  Traditional change detection methods usually follow the image differencing, change feature extraction and classification framework, and their performance is limited by such simple image domain differencing and also the hand-crafted features. Recently, the success of deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) has widely spread across the whole field of computer vision for their powerful representation abilities. In this paper, we therefore address the remote sensing image change detection problem with deep learning techniques. We firstly propose an end-to-end dual-branch architecture, termed as the W-Net, with each branch taking as input one of the two bi-temporal images as in the traditional change detection models. In this way, CNN features with more powerful representative abilities can be obtained to boost the final detection performance. Also, W-Net performs differencing in the feature domain rather than in the traditional image domain, which greatly alleviates loss of useful information for determining the changes. Furthermore, by reformulating change detection as an image translation problem, we apply the recently popular Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) in which our W-Net serves as the Generator, leading to a new GAN architecture for change detection which we call CDGAN. To train our networks and also facilitate future research, we construct a large scale dataset by collecting images from Google Earth and provide carefully manually annotated ground truths. Experiments show that our proposed methods can provide fine-grained change detection results superior to the existing state-of-the-art baselines. 
### 85.Counterfactual Samples Synthesizing for Robust Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06576.pdf)
>  Despite Visual Question Answering (VQA) has realized impressive progress over the last few years, today's VQA models tend to capture superficial linguistic correlations in the train set and fail to generalize to the test set with different QA distributions. To reduce the language biases, several recent works introduce an auxiliary question-only model to regularize the training of targeted VQA model, and achieve dominating performance on VQA-CP. However, since the complexity of design, current methods are unable to equip the ensemble-based models with two indispensable characteristics of an ideal VQA model: 1) visual-explainable: the model should rely on the right visual regions when making decisions. 2) question-sensitive: the model should be sensitive to the linguistic variations in question. To this end, we propose a model-agnostic Counterfactual Samples Synthesizing (CSS) training scheme. The CSS generates numerous counterfactual training samples by masking critical objects in images or words in questions, and assigning different ground-truth answers. After training with the complementary samples (ie, the original and generated samples), the VQA models are forced to focus on all critical objects and words, which significantly improves both visual-explainable and question-sensitive abilities. In return, the performance of these models is further boosted. Extensive ablations have shown the effectiveness of CSS. Particularly, by building on top of the model LMH, we achieve a record-breaking performance of 58.95% on VQA-CP v2, with 6.5% gains. 
### 86.Efficient Backbone Search for Scene Text Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06567.pdf)
>  Scene text recognition (STR) is very challenging due to the diversity of text instances and the complexity of scenes. The community has paid increasing attention to boost the performance by improving the pre-processing image module, like rectification and deblurring, or the sequence translator. However, another critical module, i.e., the feature sequence extractor, has not been extensively explored. In this work, inspired by the success of neural architecture search (NAS), which can identify better architectures than human-designed ones, we propose automated STR (AutoSTR) to search data-dependent backbones to boost text recognition performance. First, we design a domain-specific search space for STR, which contains both choices on operations and constraints on the downsampling path. Then, we propose a two-step search algorithm, which decouples operations and downsampling path, for an efficient search in the given space. Experiments demonstrate that, by searching data-dependent backbones, AutoSTR can outperform the state-of-the-art approaches on standard benchmarks with much fewer FLOPS and model parameters. 
### 87.Dynamic Divide-and-Conquer Adversarial Training for Robust Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06555.pdf)
>  Adversarial training is promising for improving robustness of deep neural networks towards adversarial perturbation, especially on classification tasks. Effect of this type of training on semantic segmentation, contrarily, just commences. We make the initial attempt to explore the defense strategy on semantic segmentation by formulating a general adversarial training procedure that can perform decently on both adversarial and clean samples. We propose a dynamic divide-and-conquer adversarial training (DDC-AT) strategy to enhance the defense effect, by setting additional branches in the target model during training, and dealing with pixels with diverse properties towards adversarial perturbation. Our dynamical division mechanism divides pixels into multiple branches automatically, achieved by unsupervised learning. Note all these additional branches can be abandoned during inference and thus leave no extra parameter and computation cost. Extensive experiments with various segmentation models are conducted on PASCAL VOC 2012 and Cityscapes datasets, in which DDC-AT yields satisfying performance under both white- and black-box attack. 
### 88.OccuSeg: Occupancy-aware 3D Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06537.pdf)
>  3D instance segmentation, with a variety of applications in robotics and augmented reality, is in large demands these days. Unlike 2D images that are projective observations of the environment, 3D models provide metric reconstruction of the scenes without occlusion or scale ambiguity. In this paper, we define "3D occupancy size", as the number of voxels occupied by each instance. It owns advantages of robustness in prediction, on which basis, OccuSeg, an occupancy-aware 3D instance segmentation scheme is proposed. Our multi-task learning produces both occupancy signal and embedding representations, where the training of spatial and feature embeddings varies with their difference in scale-aware. Our clustering scheme benefits from the reliable comparison between the predicted occupancy size and the clustered occupancy size, which encourages hard samples being correctly clustered and avoids over segmentation. The proposed approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on 3 real-world datasets, i.e. ScanNetV2, S3DIS and SceneNN, while maintaining high efficiency. 
### 89.An End-to-End Geometric Deficiency Elimination Algorithm for 3D Meshes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06535.pdf)
>  The 3D mesh is an important representation of geometric data. In the generation of mesh data, geometric deficiencies (e.g., duplicate elements, degenerate faces, isolated vertices, self-intersection, and inner faces) are unavoidable and may violate the topology structure of an object. In this paper, we propose an effective and efficient geometric deficiency elimination algorithm for 3D meshes. Specifically, duplicate elements can be eliminated by assessing the occurrence times of vertices or faces, degenerate faces can be removed according to the outer product of two edges; since isolated vertices do not appear in any face vertices, they can be deleted directly; self-intersecting faces are detected using an AABB tree and remeshed afterward; by simulating whether multiple random rays that shoot from a face can reach infinity, we can judge whether the surface is an inner face, then decide to delete it or not. Experiments on ModelNet40 dataset illustrate that our method can eliminate the deficiencies of the 3D mesh thoroughly. 
### 90.Learning Reinforced Agents with Counterfactual Simulation for Medical Automatic Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06534.pdf)
>  Medical automatic diagnosis (MAD) aims to learn an agent that mimics the behavior of a human doctor, i.e. inquiring symptoms and informing diseases. Due to medical ethics concerns, it is impractical to directly apply reinforcement learning techniques to solving MAD, e.g., training a reinforced agent with the human patient. Developing a patient simulator by using the collected patient-doctor dialogue records has been proposed as a promising approach to MAD. However, most of these existing works overlook the causal relationship between patient symptoms and disease diagnoses. For example, these simulators simply generate the ``not-sure'' response to the inquiry (i.e., symptom) that was not observed in one dialogue record. As a result, the MAD agent is usually trained without exploiting the counterfactual reasoning beyond the factual observations. To address this problem, this paper presents a propensity-based patient simulator (PBPS), which is capable of facilitating the training of MAD agents by generating informative counterfactual answers along with the disease diagnosis. Specifically, our PBPS estimates the propensity score of each record with the patient-doctor dialogue reasoning, and can thus generate the counterfactual answers by searching across records. That is, the unrecorded symptom for one patient can be found in the records of other patients according to the propensity score matching. A progressive assurance agent (P2A) can be thus trained with PBPS, which includes two separate yet cooperative branches accounting for the execution of symptom-inquiry and disease-diagnosis actions, respectively. The disease-diagnosis predicts the confidence of disease and drives the symptom-inquiry in terms of enhancing the confidence, and the two branches are jointly optimized with benefiting from each other. 
### 91.Instant recovery of shape from spectrum via latent space connections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06523.pdf)
>  We introduce the first learning-based method for recovering shapes from Laplacian spectra. Given an auto-encoder, our model takes the form of a cycle-consistent module to map latent vectors to sequences of eigenvalues. This module provides an efficient and effective linkage between spectrum and geometry of a given shape. Our data-driven approach replaces the need for ad-hoc regularizers required by prior methods, while providing more accurate results at a fraction of the computational cost. Our learning model applies without modifications across different dimensions (2D and 3D shapes alike), representations (meshes, contours and point clouds), as well as across different shape classes, and admits arbitrary resolution of the input spectrum without affecting complexity. The increased flexibility allows us to provide a proxy to differentiable eigendecomposition and to address notoriously difficult tasks in 3D vision and geometry processing within a unified framework, including shape generation from spectrum, mesh super-resolution, shape exploration, style transfer, spectrum estimation from point clouds, segmentation transfer and point-to-point matching. 
### 92.Symmetry Detection of Occluded Point Cloud Using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06520.pdf)
>  Symmetry detection has been a classical problem in computer graphics, many of which using traditional geometric methods. In recent years, however, we have witnessed the arising deep learning changed the landscape of computer graphics. In this paper, we aim to solve the symmetry detection of the occluded point cloud in a deep-learning fashion. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to utilize deep learning to tackle such a problem. In such a deep learning framework, double supervisions: points on the symmetry plane and normal vectors are employed to help us pinpoint the symmetry plane. We conducted experiments on the YCB- video dataset and demonstrate the efficacy of our method. 
### 93.Explainable Deep Classification Models for Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06498.pdf)
>  Conventionally, AI models are thought to trade off explainability for lower accuracy. We develop a training strategy that not only leads to a more explainable AI system for object classification, but as a consequence, suffers no perceptible accuracy degradation. Explanations are defined as regions of visual evidence upon which a deep classification network makes a decision. This is represented in the form of a saliency map conveying how much each pixel contributed to the network's decision. Our training strategy enforces a periodic saliency-based feedback to encourage the model to focus on the image regions that directly correspond to the ground-truth object. We quantify explainability using an automated metric, and using human judgement. We propose explainability as a means for bridging the visual-semantic gap between different domains where model explanations are used as a means of disentagling domain specific information from otherwise relevant features. We demonstrate that this leads to improved generalization to new domains without hindering performance on the original domain. 
### 94.Recurrent convolutional neural networks for mandible segmentation from computed tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06486.pdf)
>  Recently, accurate mandible segmentation in CT scans based on deep learning methods has attracted much attention. However, there still exist two major challenges, namely, metal artifacts among mandibles and large variations in shape or size among individuals. To address these two challenges, we propose a recurrent segmentation convolutional neural network (RSegCNN) that embeds segmentation convolutional neural network (SegCNN) into the recurrent neural network (RNN) for robust and accurate segmentation of the mandible. Such a design of the system takes into account the similarity and continuity of the mandible shapes captured in adjacent image slices in CT scans. The RSegCNN infers the mandible information based on the recurrent structure with the embedded encoder-decoder segmentation (SegCNN) components. The recurrent structure guides the system to exploit relevant and important information from adjacent slices, while the SegCNN component focuses on the mandible shapes from a single CT slice. We conducted extensive experiments to evaluate the proposed RSegCNN on two head and neck CT datasets. The experimental results show that the RSegCNN is significantly better than the state-of-the-art models for accurate mandible segmentation. 
### 95.Self-supervised Single-view 3D Reconstruction via Semantic Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06473.pdf)
>  We learn a self-supervised, single-view 3D reconstruction model that predicts the 3D mesh shape, texture and camera pose of a target object with a collection of 2D images and silhouettes. The proposed method does not necessitate 3D supervision, manually annotated keypoints, multi-view images of an object or a prior 3D template. The key insight of our work is that objects can be represented as a collection of deformable parts, and each part is semantically coherent across different instances of the same category (e.g., wings on birds and wheels on cars). Therefore, by leveraging self-supervisedly learned part segmentation of a large collection of category-specific images, we can effectively enforce semantic consistency between the reconstructed meshes and the original images. This significantly reduces ambiguities during joint prediction of shape and camera pose of an object, along with texture. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to try and solve the single-view reconstruction problem without a category-specific template mesh or semantic keypoints. Thus our model can easily generalize to various object categories without such labels, e.g., horses, penguins, etc. Through a variety of experiments on several categories of deformable and rigid objects, we demonstrate that our unsupervised method performs comparably if not better than existing category-specific reconstruction methods learned with supervision. 
### 96.Inducing Optimal Attribute Representations for Conditional GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06472.pdf)
>  Conditional GANs are widely used in translating an image from one category to another. Meaningful conditions to GANs provide greater flexibility and control over the nature of the target domain synthetic data. Existing conditional GANs commonly encode target domain label information as hard-coded categorical vectors in the form of 0s and 1s. The major drawbacks of such representations are inability to encode the high-order semantic information of target categories and their relative dependencies. We propose a novel end-to-end learning framework with Graph Convolutional Networks to learn the attribute representations to condition on the generator. The GAN losses, i.e. the discriminator and attribute classification losses, are fed back to the Graph resulting in the synthetic images that are more natural and clearer in attributes. Moreover, prior-arts are given priorities to condition on the generator side, not on the discriminator side of GANs. We apply the conditions to the discriminator side as well via multi-task learning. We enhanced the four state-of-the art cGANs architectures: Stargan, Stargan-JNT, AttGAN and STGAN. Our extensive qualitative and quantitative evaluations on challenging face attributes manipulation data set, CelebA, LFWA, and RaFD, show that the cGANs enhanced by our methods outperform by a large margin, compared to their counter-parts and other conditioning methods, in terms of both target attributes recognition rates and quality measures such as PSNR and SSIM. 
### 97.GeoDA: a geometric framework for black-box adversarial attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06468.pdf)
>  Adversarial examples are known as carefully perturbed images fooling image classifiers. We propose a geometric framework to generate adversarial examples in one of the most challenging black-box settings where the adversary can only generate a small number of queries, each of them returning the top-$1$ label of the classifier. Our framework is based on the observation that the decision boundary of deep networks usually has a small mean curvature in the vicinity of data samples. We propose an effective iterative algorithm to generate query-efficient black-box perturbations with small $\ell_p$ norms for $p \ge 1$, which is confirmed via experimental evaluations on state-of-the-art natural image classifiers. Moreover, for $p=2$, we theoretically show that our algorithm actually converges to the minimal $\ell_2$-perturbation when the curvature of the decision boundary is bounded. We also obtain the optimal distribution of the queries over the iterations of the algorithm. Finally, experimental results confirm that our principled black-box attack algorithm performs better than state-of-the-art algorithms as it generates smaller perturbations with a reduced number of queries. 
### 98.The GraphNet Zoo: A Plug-and-Play Framework for Deep Semi-Supervised Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06451.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of classifying a medical image dataset when we have a limited amounts of labels. This is very common yet challenging setting as labelled data is expensive, time consuming to collect and may require expert knowledge. The current classification go-to of deep supervised learning is unable to cope with such a problem setup. However, using semi-supervised learning, one can produce accurate classifications using a significantly reduced amount of labelled data. Therefore, semi-supervised learning is perfectly suited for medical image classification. However, there has almost been no uptake of semi-supervised methods in the medical domain. In this work, we propose a plug-and-play framework for deep semi-supervised classification focusing on graph based approaches, which up to our knowledge it is the first time that an approach with minimal labels has been shown to such an unprecedented scale. We introduce the concept of hybrid models by defining a classifier as a combination between a model-based functional and a deep net. We demonstrate, through extensive numerical comparisons, that our approach readily compete with fully-supervised state-of-the-art techniques for the applications of Malaria Cells, Mammograms and Chest X-ray classification whilst using far fewer labels. 
### 99.Mutual Information Maximization for Effective Lip Reading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06439.pdf)
>  Lip reading has received an increasing research interest in recent years due to the rapid development of deep learning and its widespread potential applications. One key point to obtain good performance for the lip reading task depends heavily on how effective the representation can be to capture the lip movement information and meanwhile to resist the noises resulted from the change of pose, lighting conditions, speaker's appearance and so on. Towards this target, we propose to introduce the mutual information constraints on both the local feature's level and the global sequence's level to enhance the relations of the features with the speech content. On the one hand, we constraint the features generated at each time step to enable them carry a strong relation with the speech content by imposing the local mutual information maximization constraint (LMIM), leading to improvements over the model's ability to discover fine-grained lip movements and the fine-grained differences among words with similar pronunciation, such as ``spend'' and ``spending''. On the other hand, we introduce the mutual information maximization constraint on the global sequence's level (GMIM), to make the model be able to pay more attention to discriminate key frames related with the speech content, and less to various noises appeared in the speaking process. By combining these two advantages together, the proposed method is expected to be both discriminative and robust for effective lip reading. To verify this method, we evaluate on two large-scale benchmark. We perform a detailed analysis and comparison on several aspects, including the comparison of the LMIM and GMIM with the baseline, the visualization of the learned representation and so on. The results not only prove the effectiveness of the proposed method but also report new state-of-the-art performance on both the two benchmarks. 
### 100.Learning Unbiased Representations via Mutual Information Backpropagation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06430.pdf)
>  We are interested in learning data-driven representations that can generalize well, even when trained on inherently biased data. In particular, we face the case where some attributes (bias) of the data, if learned by the model, can severely compromise its generalization properties. We tackle this problem through the lens of information theory, leveraging recent findings for a differentiable estimation of mutual information. We propose a novel end-to-end optimization strategy, which simultaneously estimates and minimizes the mutual information between the learned representation and the data attributes. When applied on standard benchmarks, our model shows comparable or superior classification performance with respect to state-of-the-art approaches. Moreover, our method is general enough to be applicable to the problem of ``algorithmic fairness'', with competitive results. 
### 101.Active Depth Estimation: Stability Analysis and its Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.07137.pdf)
>  Recovering the 3D structure of the surrounding environment is an essential task in any vision-controlled Structure-from-Motion (SfM) scheme. This paper focuses on the theoretical properties of the SfM, known as the incremental active depth estimation. The term incremental stands for estimating the 3D structure of the scene over a chronological sequence of image frames. Active means that the camera actuation is such that it improves estimation performance. Starting from a known depth estimation filter, this paper presents the stability analysis of the filter in terms of the control inputs of the camera. By analyzing the convergence of the estimator using the Lyapunov theory, we relax the constraints on the projection of the 3D point in the image plane when compared to previous results. Nonetheless, our method is capable of dealing with the cameras' limited field-of-view constraints. The main results are validated through experiments with simulated data. 
### 102.Anomalous Instance Detection in Deep Learning: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06979.pdf)
>  Deep Learning (DL) is vulnerable to out-of-distribution and adversarial examples resulting in incorrect outputs. To make DL more robust, several posthoc anomaly detection techniques to detect (and discard) these anomalous samples have been proposed in the recent past. This survey tries to provide a structured and comprehensive overview of the research on anomaly detection for DL based applications. We provide a taxonomy for existing techniques based on their underlying assumptions and adopted approaches. We discuss various techniques in each of the categories and provide the relative strengths and weaknesses of the approaches. Our goal in this survey is to provide an easier yet better understanding of the techniques belonging to different categories in which research has been done on this topic. Finally, we highlight the unsolved research challenges while applying anomaly detection techniques in DL systems and present some high-impact future research directions. 
### 103.Toward Adversarial Robustness via Semi-supervised Robust Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06974.pdf)
>  Adversarial examples have been shown to be the severe threat to deep neural networks (DNNs). One of the most effective adversarial defense methods is adversarial training (AT) through minimizing the adversarial risk $R_{adv}$, which encourages both the benign example $x$ and its adversarially perturbed neighborhoods within the $\ell_{p}$-ball to be predicted as the ground-truth label. In this work, we propose a novel defense method, the robust training (RT), by jointly minimizing two separated risks ($R_{stand}$ and $R_{rob}$), which is with respect to the benign example and its neighborhoods respectively. The motivation is to explicitly and jointly enhance the accuracy and the adversarial robustness. We prove that $R_{adv}$ is upper-bounded by $R_{stand} + R_{rob}$, which implies that RT has similar effect as AT. Intuitively, minimizing the standard risk enforces the benign example to be correctly predicted, and the robust risk minimization encourages the predictions of the neighbor examples to be consistent with the prediction of the benign example. Besides, since $R_{rob}$ is independent of the ground-truth label, RT is naturally extended to the semi-supervised mode ($i.e.$, SRT), to further enhance the adversarial robustness. Moreover, we extend the $\ell_{p}$-bounded neighborhood to a general case, which covers different types of perturbations, such as the pixel-wise ($i.e.$, $x + \delta$) or the spatial perturbation ($i.e.$, $ AX + b$). Extensive experiments on benchmark datasets not only verify the superiority of the proposed SRT method to state-of-the-art methods for defensing pixel-wise or spatial perturbations separately, but also demonstrate its robustness to both perturbations simultaneously. The code for reproducing main results is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/THUYimingLi/Semi-supervised_Robust_Training" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
### 104.OmniTact: A Multi-Directional High Resolution Touch Sensor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06965.pdf)
>  Incorporating touch as a sensing modality for robots can enable finer and more robust manipulation skills. Existing tactile sensors are either flat, have small sensitive fields or only provide low-resolution signals. In this paper, we introduce OmniTact, a multi-directional high-resolution tactile sensor. OmniTact is designed to be used as a fingertip for robotic manipulation with robotic hands, and uses multiple micro-cameras to detect multi-directional deformations of a gel-based skin. This provides a rich signal from which a variety of different contact state variables can be inferred using modern image processing and computer vision methods. We evaluate the capabilities of OmniTact on a challenging robotic control task that requires inserting an electrical connector into an outlet, as well as a state estimation problem that is representative of those typically encountered in dexterous robotic manipulation, where the goal is to infer the angle of contact of a curved finger pressing against an object. Both tasks are performed using only touch sensing and deep convolutional neural networks to process images from the sensor's cameras. We compare with a state-of-the-art tactile sensor that is only sensitive on one side, as well as a state-of-the-art multi-directional tactile sensor, and find that OmniTact's combination of high-resolution and multi-directional sensing is crucial for reliably inserting the electrical connector and allows for higher accuracy in the state estimation task. Videos and supplementary material can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/berkeley.edu/omnitact" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 105.Output Diversified Initialization for Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06878.pdf)
>  Adversarial examples are often constructed by iteratively refining a randomly perturbed input. To improve diversity and thus also the success rates of attacks, we propose Output Diversified Initialization (ODI), a novel random initialization strategy that can be combined with most existing white-box adversarial attacks. Instead of using uniform perturbations in the input space, we seek diversity in the output logits space of the target model. Empirically, we demonstrate that existing $\ell_\infty$ and $\ell_2$ adversarial attacks with ODI become much more efficient on several datasets including MNIST, CIFAR-10 and ImageNet, reducing the accuracy of recently proposed defense models by 1--17\%. Moreover, PGD attack with ODI outperforms current state-of-the-art attacks against robust models, while also being roughly 50 times faster on CIFAR-10. The code is available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ermongroup/ODI/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 106.Intra Order-preserving Functions for Calibration of Multi-Class Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06820.pdf)
>  Predicting calibrated confidence scores for multi-class deep networks is important for avoiding rare but costly mistakes. A common approach is to learn a post-hoc calibration function that transforms the output of the original network into calibrated confidence scores while maintaining the network's accuracy. However, previous post-hoc calibration techniques work only with simple calibration functions, potentially lacking sufficient representation to calibrate the complex function landscape of deep networks. In this work, we aim to learn general post-hoc calibration functions that can preserve the top-k predictions of any deep network. We call this family of functions intra order-preserving functions. We propose a new neural network architecture that represents a class of intra order-preserving functions by combining common neural network components. Additionally, we introduce order-invariant and diagonal sub-families, which can act as regularization for better generalization when the training data size is small. We show the effectiveness of the proposed method across a wide range of datasets and classifiers. Our method outperforms state-of-the-art post-hoc calibration methods, namely temperature scaling and Dirichlet calibration, in multiple settings. 
### 107.Towards Privacy Protection by Generating Adversarial Identity Masks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06814.pdf)
>  As billions of personal data such as photos are shared through social media and network, the privacy and security of data have drawn an increasing attention. Several attempts have been made to alleviate the leakage of identity information with the aid of image obfuscation techniques. However, most of the present results are either perceptually unsatisfactory or ineffective against real-world recognition systems. In this paper, we argue that an algorithm for privacy protection must block the ability of automatic inference of the identity and at the same time, make the resultant image natural from the users' point of view. To achieve this, we propose a targeted identity-protection iterative method (TIP-IM), which can generate natural face images by adding adversarial identity masks to conceal ones' identity against a recognition system. Extensive experiments on various state-of-the-art face recognition models demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method on alleviating the identity leakage of face images, without sacrificing? the visual quality of the protected images. 
### 108.Experimenting with Convolutional Neural Network Architectures for the automatic characterization of Solitary Pulmonary Nodules' malignancy rating  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06801.pdf)
>  Lung Cancer is the most common cause of cancer-related death worldwide. Early and automatic diagnosis of Solitary Pulmonary Nodules (SPN) in Computer Tomography (CT) chest scans can provide early treatment as well as doctor liberation from time-consuming procedures. Deep Learning has been proven as a popular and influential method in many medical imaging diagnosis areas. In this study, we consider the problem of diagnostic classification between benign and malignant lung nodules in CT images derived from a PET/CT scanner. More specifically, we intend to develop experimental Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architectures and conduct experiments, by tuning their parameters, to investigate their behavior, and to define the optimal setup for the accurate classification. For the experiments, we utilize PET/CT images obtained from the Laboratory of Nuclear Medicine of the University of Patras, and the publically available database called Lung Image Database Consortium Image Collection (LIDC-IDRI). Furthermore, we apply simple data augmentation to generate new instances and to inspect the performance of the developed networks. Classification accuracy of 91% and 93% on the PET/CT dataset and on a selection of nodule images form the LIDC-IDRI dataset, is achieved accordingly. The results demonstrate that CNNs are a trustworth method for nodule classification. Also, the experiment confirms that data augmentation enhances the robustness of the CNNs. 
### 109.A proto-object based audiovisual saliency map  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06779.pdf)
>  Natural environment and our interaction with it is essentially multisensory, where we may deploy visual, tactile and/or auditory senses to perceive, learn and interact with our environment. Our objective in this study is to develop a scene analysis algorithm using multisensory information, specifically vision and audio. We develop a proto-object based audiovisual saliency map (AVSM) for the analysis of dynamic natural scenes. A specialized audiovisual camera with $360 \degree$ Field of View, capable of locating sound direction, is used to collect spatiotemporally aligned audiovisual data. We demonstrate that the performance of proto-object based audiovisual saliency map in detecting and localizing salient objects/events is in agreement with human judgment. In addition, the proto-object based AVSM that we compute as a linear combination of visual and auditory feature conspicuity maps captures a higher number of valid salient events compared to unisensory saliency maps. Such an algorithm can be useful in surveillance, robotic navigation, video compression and related applications. 
### 110.Interactive Neural Style Transfer with Artists  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06659.pdf)
>  We present interactive painting processes in which a painter and various neural style transfer algorithms interact on a real canvas. Understanding what these algorithms' outputs achieve is then paramount to describe the creative agency in our interactive experiments. We gather a set of paired painting-pictures images and present a new evaluation methodology based on the predictivity of neural style transfer algorithms. We point some algorithms' instabilities and show that they can be used to enlarge the diversity and pleasing oddity of the images synthesized by the numerous existing neural style transfer algorithms. This diversity of images was perceived as a source of inspiration for human painters, portraying the machine as a computational catalyst. 
### 111.Investigating Generalization in Neural Networks under Optimally Evolved Training Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06646.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the generalization properties of neural networks under input perturbations and show that minimal training data corruption by a few pixel modifications can cause drastic overfitting. We propose an evolutionary algorithm to search for optimal pixel perturbations using novel cost function inspired from literature in domain adaptation that explicitly maximizes the generalization gap and domain divergence between clean and corrupted images. Our method outperforms previous pixel-based data distribution shift methods on state-of-the-art Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) architectures. Interestingly, we find that the choice of optimization plays an important role in generalization robustness due to the empirical observation that SGD is resilient to such training data corruption unlike adaptive optimization techniques (ADAM). Our source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/subhajitchaudhury/evo-shift" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 112.Rapid Whole Slide Imaging via Learning-based Two-shot Virtual Autofocusing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06630.pdf)
>  Whole slide imaging (WSI) is an emerging technology for digital pathology. The process of autofocusing is the main influence of the performance of WSI. Traditional autofocusing methods either are time-consuming due to repetitive mechanical motions, or require additional hardware and thus are not compatible to current WSI systems. In this paper, we propose the concept of \textit{virtual autofocusing}, which does not rely on mechanical adjustment to conduct refocusing but instead recovers in-focus images in an offline learning-based manner. With the initial focal position, we only perform two-shot imaging, in contrast traditional methods commonly need to conduct as many as 21 times image shooting in each tile scanning. Considering that the two captured out-of-focus images retain pieces of partial information about the underlying in-focus image, we propose a U-Net-inspired deep neural network based approach for fusing them into a recovered in-focus image. The proposed scheme is fast in tissue slides scanning, enabling a high-throughput generation of digital pathology images. Experimental results demonstrate that our scheme achieves satisfactory refocusing performance. 
### 113.VarMixup: Exploiting the Latent Space for Robust Training and Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06566.pdf)
>  The vulnerability of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) to adversarial attacks has led to the development of many defense approaches. Among them, Adversarial Training (AT) is a popular and widely used approach for training adversarially robust models. Mixup Training (MT), a recent popular training algorithm, improves the generalization performance of models by introducing globally linear behavior in between training examples. Although still in its early phase, we observe a shift in trend of exploiting Mixup from perspectives of generalisation to that of adversarial robustness. It has been shown that the Mixup trained models improves the robustness of models but only passively. A recent approach, Mixup Inference (MI), proposes an inference principle for Mixup trained models to counter adversarial examples at inference time by mixing the input with other random clean samples. In this work, we propose a new approach - \textit{VarMixup (Variational Mixup)} - to better sample mixup images by using the latent manifold underlying the data. Our experiments on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, SVHN and Tiny-Imagenet demonstrate that \textit{VarMixup} beats state-of-the-art AT techniques without training the model adversarially. Additionally, we also conduct ablations that show that models trained on \textit{VarMixup} samples are also robust to various input corruptions/perturbations, have low calibration error and are transferable. 
### 114.Boundary Guidance Hierarchical Network for Real-Time Tongue Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06529.pdf)
>  Automated tongue image segmentation in tongue images is a challenging task for two reasons: 1) there are many pathological details on the tongue surface, which affect the extraction of the boundary; 2) the shapes of the tongues captured from various persons (with different diseases) are quite different. To deal with the challenge, a novel end-to-end Boundary Guidance Hierarchical Network (BGHNet) with a new hybrid loss is proposed in this paper. In the new approach, firstly Context Feature Encoder Module (CFEM) is built upon the bottomup pathway to confront with the shrinkage of the receptive field. Secondly, a novel hierarchical recurrent feature fusion module (HRFFM) is adopt to progressively and hierarchically refine object maps to recover image details by integrating local context information. Finally, the proposed hybrid loss in a four hierarchy-pixel, patch, map and boundary guides the network to effectively segment the tongue regions and accurate tongue boundaries. BGHNet is applied to a set of tongue images. The experimental results suggest that the proposed approach can achieve the latest tongue segmentation performance. And in the meantime, the lightweight network contains only 15.45M parameters and performs only 11.22GFLOPS. 
### 115.Leveraging Vision and Kinematics Data to Improve Realism of Biomechanic Soft-tissue Simulation for Robotic Surgery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06518.pdf)
>  Purpose Surgical simulations play an increasingly important role in surgeon education and developing algorithms that enable robots to perform surgical subtasks. To model anatomy, Finite Element Method (FEM) simulations have been held as the gold standard for calculating accurate soft-tissue deformation. Unfortunately, their accuracy is highly dependent on the simulation parameters, which can be difficult to obtain. <br>Methods In this work, we investigate how live data acquired during any robotic endoscopic surgical procedure may be used to correct for inaccurate FEM simulation results. Since FEMs are calculated from initial parameters and cannot directly incorporate observations, we propose to add a correction factor that accounts for the discrepancy between simulation and observations. We train a network to predict this correction factor. <br>Results To evaluate our method, we use an open-source da Vinci Surgical System to probe a soft-tissue phantom and replay the interaction in simulation. We train the network to correct for the difference between the predicted mesh position and the measured point cloud. This results in 15-30% improvement in the mean distance, demonstrating the effectiveness of our approach across a large range of simulation parameters. <br>Conclusion We show a first step towards a framework that synergistically combines the benefits of model-based simulation and real-time observations. It corrects discrepancies between simulation and the scene that results from inaccurate modeling parameters. This can provide a more accurate simulation environment for surgeons and better data with which to train algorithms. 
### 116.A Privacy-Preserving DNN Pruning and Mobile Acceleration Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.06513.pdf)
>  To facilitate the deployment of deep neural networks (DNNs) on resource-constrained computing systems, DNN model compression methods have been proposed. However, previous methods mainly focus on reducing the model size and/or improving hardware performance, without considering the data privacy requirement. This paper proposes a privacy-preserving model compression framework that formulates a privacy-preserving DNN weight pruning problem and develops an ADMM based solution to support different weight pruning schemes. We consider the case that the system designer will perform weight pruning on a pre-trained model provided by the client, whereas the client cannot share her confidential training dataset. To mitigate the non-availability of the training dataset, the system designer distills the knowledge of a pre-trained model into a pruned model using only randomly generated synthetic data. Then the client's effort is simply reduced to performing the retraining process using her confidential training dataset, which is similar as the DNN training process with the help of the mask function from the system designer. Both algorithmic and hardware experiments validate the effectiveness of the proposed framework. 
