# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 13 Mar 2020
### 1.Cascade EF-GAN: Progressive Facial Expression Editing with Local Focuses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05905.pdf)
>  Recent advances in Generative Adversarial Nets (GANs) have shown remarkable improvements for facial expression editing. However, current methods are still prone to generate artifacts and blurs around expression-intensive regions, and often introduce undesired overlapping artifacts while handling large-gap expression transformations such as transformation from furious to laughing. To address these limitations, we propose Cascade Expression Focal GAN (Cascade EF-GAN), a novel network that performs progressive facial expression editing with local expression focuses. The introduction of the local focus enables the Cascade EF-GAN to better preserve identity-related features and details around eyes, noses and mouths, which further helps reduce artifacts and blurs within the generated facial images. In addition, an innovative cascade transformation strategy is designed by dividing a large facial expression transformation into multiple small ones in cascade, which helps suppress overlapping artifacts and produce more realistic editing while dealing with large-gap expression transformations. Extensive experiments over two publicly available facial expression datasets show that our proposed Cascade EF-GAN achieves superior performance for facial expression editing. 
### 2.SASL: Saliency-Adaptive Sparsity Learning for Neural Network Acceleration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05891.pdf)
>  Accelerating the inference speed of CNNs is critical to their deployment in real-world applications. Among all the pruning approaches, those implementing a sparsity learning framework have shown to be effective as they learn and prune the models in an end-to-end data-driven manner. However, these works impose the same sparsity regularization on all filters indiscriminately, which can hardly result in an optimal structure-sparse network. In this paper, we propose a Saliency-Adaptive Sparsity Learning (SASL) approach for further optimization. A novel and effective estimation of each filter, i.e., saliency, is designed, which is measured from two aspects: the importance for the prediction performance and the consumed computational resources. During sparsity learning, the regularization strength is adjusted according to the saliency, so our optimized format can better preserve the prediction performance while zeroing out more computation-heavy filters. The calculation for saliency introduces minimum overhead to the training process, which means our SASL is very efficient. During the pruning phase, in order to optimize the proposed data-dependent criterion, a hard sample mining strategy is utilized, which shows higher effectiveness and efficiency. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superior performance of our method. Notably, on ILSVRC-2012 dataset, our approach can reduce 49.7% FLOPs of ResNet-50 with very negligible 0.39% top-1 and 0.05% top-5 accuracy degradation. 
### 3.Towards Photo-Realistic Virtual Try-On by Adaptively Generating$\leftrightarrow$Preserving Image Content  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05863.pdf)
>  Image visual try-on aims at transferring a target clothing image onto a reference person, and has become a hot topic in recent years. Prior arts usually focus on preserving the character of a clothing image (e.g. texture, logo, embroidery) when warping it to arbitrary human pose. However, it remains a big challenge to generate photo-realistic try-on images when large occlusions and human poses are presented in the reference person. To address this issue, we propose a novel visual try-on network, namely Adaptive Content Generating and Preserving Network (ACGPN). In particular, ACGPN first predicts semantic layout of the reference image that will be changed after try-on (e.g. long sleeve shirt$\rightarrow$arm, arm$\rightarrow$jacket), and then determines whether its image content needs to be generated or preserved according to the predicted semantic layout, leading to photo-realistic try-on and rich clothing details. ACGPN generally involves three major modules. First, a semantic layout generation module utilizes semantic segmentation of the reference image to progressively predict the desired semantic layout after try-on. Second, a clothes warping module warps clothing images according to the generated semantic layout, where a second-order difference constraint is introduced to stabilize the warping process during training. Third, an inpainting module for content fusion integrates all information (e.g. reference image, semantic layout, warped clothes) to adaptively produce each semantic part of human body. In comparison to the state-of-the-art methods, ACGPN can generate photo-realistic images with much better perceptual quality and richer fine-details. 
### 4.End-to-End Learning Local Multi-view Descriptors for 3D Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05855.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose an end-to-end framework to learn local multi-view descriptors for 3D point clouds. To adopt a similar multi-view representation, existing studies use hand-crafted viewpoints for rendering in a preprocessing stage, which is detached from the subsequent descriptor learning stage. In our framework, we integrate the multi-view rendering into neural networks by using a differentiable renderer, which allows the viewpoints to be optimizable parameters for capturing more informative local context of interest points. To obtain discriminative descriptors, we also design a soft-view pooling module to attentively fuse convolutional features across views. Extensive experiments on existing 3D registration benchmarks show that our method outperforms existing local descriptors both quantitatively and qualitatively. 
### 5.CPS: Class-level 6D Pose and Shape Estimation From Monocular Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05848.pdf)
>  Contemporary monocular 6D pose estimation methods can only cope with a handful of object instances. This naturally limits possible applications as, for instance, robots need to work with hundreds of different objects in a real environment. In this paper, we propose the first deep learning approach for class-wise monocular 6D pose estimation, coupled with metric shape retrieval. We propose a new loss formulation which directly optimizes over all parameters, i.e. 3D orientation, translation, scale and shape at the same time. Instead of decoupling each parameter, we transform the regressed shape, in the form of a point cloud, to 3D and directly measure its metric misalignment. We experimentally demonstrate that we can retrieve precise metric point clouds from a single image, which can also be further processed for e.g. subsequent rendering. Moreover, we show that our new 3D point cloud loss outperforms all baselines and gives overall good results despite the inherent ambiguity due to monocular data. 
### 6.Top-1 Solution of Multi-Moments in Time Challenge 2019  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05837.pdf)
>  In this technical report, we briefly introduce the solutions of our team 'Efficient' for the Multi-Moments in Time challenge in ICCV 2019. We first conduct several experiments with popular Image-Based action recognition methods TRN, TSN, and TSM. Then a novel temporal interlacing network is proposed towards fast and accurate recognition. Besides, the SlowFast network and its variants are explored. Finally, we ensemble all the above models and achieve 67.22\% on the validation set and 60.77\% on the test set, which ranks 1st on the final leaderboard. In addition, we release a new code repository for video understanding which unifies state-of-the-art 2D and 3D methods based on PyTorch. The solution of the challenge is also included in the repository, which is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Sense-X/X-Temporal" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 7.Cross-modal Multi-task Learning for Graphic Recognition of Caricature Face  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05787.pdf)
>  Face recognition of realistic visual images has been well studied and made a significant progress in the recent decade. Unlike the realistic visual images, the face recognition of the caricatures is far from the performance of the visual images. This is largely due to the extreme non-rigid distortions of the caricatures introduced by exaggerating the facial features to strengthen the characters. The heterogeneous modalities of the caricatures and the visual images result the caricature-visual face recognition is a cross-modal problem. In this paper, we propose a method to conduct caricature-visual face recognition via multi-task learning. Rather than the conventional multi-task learning with fixed weights of tasks, this work proposes an approach to learn the weights of tasks according to the importance of tasks. The proposed multi-task learning with dynamic tasks weights enables to appropriately train the hard task and easy task instead of being stuck in the over-training easy task as conventional methods. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed dynamic multi-task learning for cross-modal caricature-visual face recognition. The performances on the datasets CaVI and WebCaricature show the superiority over the state-of-art methods. 
### 8.SynCGAN: Using learnable class specific priors to generate synthetic data for improving classifier performance on cytological images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05712.pdf)
>  One of the most challenging aspects of medical image analysis is the lack of a high quantity of annotated data. This makes it difficult for deep learning algorithms to perform well due to a lack of variations in the input space. While generative adversarial networks have shown promise in the field of synthetic data generation, but without a carefully designed prior the generation procedure can not be performed well. In the proposed approach we have demonstrated the use of automatically generated segmentation masks as learnable class-specific priors to guide a conditional GAN for the generation of patho-realistic samples for cytology image. We have observed that augmentation of data using the proposed pipeline called "SynCGAN" improves the performance of state of the art classifiers such as ResNet-152, DenseNet-161, Inception-V3 significantly. 
### 9.EDC3: Ensemble of Deep-Classifiers using Class-specific Copula functions to Improve Semantic Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05710.pdf)
>  In the literature, many fusion techniques are registered for the segmentation of images, but they primarily focus on observed output or belief score or probability score of the output classes. In the present work, we have utilized inter source statistical dependency among different classifiers for ensembling of different deep learning techniques for semantic segmentation of images. For this purpose, in the present work, a class-wise Copula-based ensembling method is newly proposed for solving the multi-class segmentation problem. Experimentally, it is observed that the performance has improved more for semantic image segmentation using the proposed class-specific Copula function than the traditionally used single Copula function for the problem. The performance is also compared with three state-of-the-art ensembling methods. 
### 10.Deformation Flow Based Two-Stream Network for Lip Reading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05709.pdf)
>  Lip reading is the task of recognizing the speech content by analyzing movements in the lip region when people are speaking. Observing on the continuity in adjacent frames in the speaking process, and the consistency of the motion patterns among different speakers when they pronounce the same phoneme, we model the lip movements in the speaking process as a sequence of apparent deformations in the lip region. Specifically, we introduce a Deformation Flow Network (DFN) to learn the deformation flow between adjacent frames, which directly captures the motion information within the lip region. The learned deformation flow is then combined with the original grayscale frames with a two-stream network to perform lip reading. Different from previous two-stream networks, we make the two streams learn from each other in the learning process by introducing a bidirectional knowledge distillation loss to train the two branches jointly. Owing to the complementary cues provided by different branches, the two-stream network shows a substantial improvement over using either single branch. A thorough experimental evaluation on two large-scale lip reading benchmarks is presented with detailed analysis. The results accord with our motivation, and show that our method achieves state-of-the-art or comparable performance on these two challenging datasets. 
### 11.Fairness by Learning Orthogonal Disentangled Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05707.pdf)
>  Learning discriminative powerful representations is a crucial step for machine learning systems. Introducing invariance against arbitrary nuisance or sensitive attributes while performing well on specific tasks is an important problem in representation learning. This is mostly approached by purging the sensitive information from learned representations. In this paper, we propose a novel disentanglement approach to invariant representation problem. We disentangle the meaningful and sensitive representations by enforcing orthogonality constraints as a proxy for independence. We explicitly enforce the meaningful representation to be agnostic to sensitive information by entropy maximization. The proposed approach is evaluated on five publicly available datasets and compared with state of the art methods for learning fairness and invariance achieving the state of the art performance on three datasets and comparable performance on the rest. Further, we perform an ablative study to evaluate the effect of each component. 
### 12.Low-Rank and Total Variation Regularization and Its Application to Image Recovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05698.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the problem of image recovery from given partial (corrupted) observations. Recovering an image using a low-rank model has been an active research area in data analysis and machine learning. But often, images are not only of low-rank but they also exhibit sparsity in a transformed space. In this work, we propose a new problem formulation in such a way that we seek to recover an image that is of low-rank and has sparsity in a transformed domain. We further discuss various non-convex non-smooth surrogates of the rank function, leading to a relaxed problem. Then, we present an efficient iterative scheme to solve the relaxed problem that essentially employs the (weighted) singular value thresholding at each iteration. Furthermore, we discuss the convergence properties of the proposed iterative method. We perform extensive experiments, showing that the proposed algorithm outperforms state-of-the-art methodologies in recovering images. 
### 13.Skeleton Based Action Recognition using a Stacked Denoising Autoencoder with Constraints of Privileged Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05684.pdf)
>  Recently, with the availability of cost-effective depth cameras coupled with real-time skeleton estimation, the interest in skeleton-based human action recognition is renewed. Most of the existing skeletal representation approaches use either the joint location or the dynamics model. Differing from the previous studies, we propose a new method called Denoising Autoencoder with Temporal and Categorical Constraints (DAE_CTC)} to study the skeletal representation in a view of skeleton reconstruction. Based on the concept of learning under privileged information, we integrate action categories and temporal coordinates into a stacked denoising autoencoder in the training phase, to preserve category and temporal feature, while learning the hidden representation from a skeleton. Thus, we are able to improve the discriminative validity of the hidden representation. In order to mitigate the variation resulting from temporary misalignment, a new method of temporal registration, called Locally-Warped Sequence Registration (LWSR), is proposed for registering the sequences of inter- and intra-class actions. We finally represent the sequences using a Fourier Temporal Pyramid (FTP) representation and perform classification using a combination of LWSR registration, FTP representation, and a linear Support Vector Machine (SVM). The experimental results on three action data sets, namely MSR-Action3D, UTKinect-Action, and Florence3D-Action, show that our proposal performs better than many existing methods and comparably to the state of the art. 
### 14.ARAE: Adversarially Robust Training of Autoencoders Improves Novelty Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05669.pdf)
>  Autoencoders (AE) have recently been widely employed to approach the novelty detection problem. Trained only on the normal data, the AE is expected to reconstruct the normal data effectively while fail to regenerate the anomalous data, which could be utilized for novelty detection. However, in this paper, it is demonstrated that this does not always hold. AE often generalizes so perfectly that it can also reconstruct the anomalous data well. To address this problem, we propose a novel AE that can learn more semantically meaningful features. Specifically, we exploit the fact that adversarial robustness promotes learning of meaningful features. Therefore, we force the AE to learn such features by penalizing networks with a bottleneck layer that is unstable against adversarial perturbations. We show that despite using a much simpler architecture in comparison to the prior methods, the proposed AE outperforms or is competitive to state-of-the-art on three benchmark datasets. 
### 15.Conditional Convolutions for Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05664.pdf)
>  We propose a simple yet effective instance segmentation framework, termed CondInst (conditional convolutions for instance segmentation). Top-performing instance segmentation methods such as Mask R-CNN rely on ROI operations (typically ROIPool or ROIAlign) to obtain the final instance masks. In contrast, we propose to solve instance segmentation from a new perspective. Instead of using instance-wise ROIs as inputs to a network of fixed weights, we employ dynamic instance-aware networks, conditioned on instances. CondInst enjoys two advantages: 1) Instance segmentation is solved by a fully convolutional network, eliminating the need for ROI cropping and feature alignment. 2) Due to the much improved capacity of dynamically-generated conditional convolutions, the mask head can be very compact (e.g., 3 conv. layers, each having only 8 channels), leading to significantly faster inference. We demonstrate a simpler instance segmentation method that can achieve improved performance in both accuracy and inference speed. On the COCO dataset, we outperform a few recent methods including well-tuned Mask RCNN baselines, without longer training schedules needed. <br>Code is available: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/aim-uofa/adet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 16.Open Source Computer Vision-based Layer-wise 3D Printing Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05660.pdf)
>  The paper describes an open source computer vision-based hardware structure and software algorithm, which analyzes layer-wise the 3-D printing processes, tracks printing errors, and generates appropriate printer actions to improve reliability. This approach is built upon multiple-stage monocular image examination, which allows monitoring both the external shape of the printed object and internal structure of its layers. Starting with the side-view height validation, the developed program analyzes the virtual top view for outer shell contour correspondence using the multi-template matching and iterative closest point algorithms, as well as inner layer texture quality clustering the spatial-frequency filter responses with Gaussian mixture models and segmenting structural anomalies with the agglomerative hierarchical clustering algorithm. This allows evaluation of both global and local parameters of the printing modes. The experimentally-verified analysis time per layer is less than one minute, which can be considered a quasi-real-time process for large prints. The systems can work as an intelligent printing suspension tool designed to save time and material. However, the results show the algorithm provides a means to systematize in situ printing data as a first step in a fully open source failure correction algorithm for additive manufacturing. 
### 17.Towards High-Fidelity 3D Face Reconstruction from In-the-Wild Images Using Graph Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05653.pdf)
>  3D Morphable Model (3DMM) based methods have achieved great success in recovering 3D face shapes from single-view images. However, the facial textures recovered by such methods lack the fidelity as exhibited in the input images. Recent work demonstrates high-quality facial texture recovering with generative networks trained from a large-scale database of high-resolution UV maps of face textures, which is hard to prepare and not publicly available. In this paper, we introduce a method to reconstruct 3D facial shapes with high-fidelity textures from single-view images in-the-wild, without the need to capture a large-scale face texture database. The main idea is to refine the initial texture generated by a 3DMM based method with facial details from the input image. To this end, we propose to use graph convolutional networks to reconstruct the detailed colors for the mesh vertices instead of reconstructing the UV map. Experiments show that our method can generate high-quality results and outperforms state-of-the-art methods in both qualitative and quantitative comparisons. 
### 18.Highly Efficient Salient Object Detection with 100K Parameters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05643.pdf)
>  Salient object detection models often demand a considerable amount of computation cost to make precise prediction for each pixel, making them hardly applicable on low-power devices. In this paper, we aim to relieve the contradiction between computation cost and model performance by improving the network efficiency to a higher degree. We propose a flexible convolutional module, namely generalized OctConv (gOctConv), to efficiently utilize both in-stage and cross-stages multi-scale features, while reducing the representation redundancy by a novel dynamic weight decay scheme. The effective dynamic weight decay scheme stably boosts the sparsity of parameters during training, supports learnable number of channels for each scale in gOctConv, allowing 80% of parameters reduce with negligible performance drop. Utilizing gOctConv, we build an extremely light-weighted model, namely CSNet, which achieves comparable performance with about 0.2% parameters (100k) of large models on popular salient object detection benchmarks. 
### 19.Understanding Crowd Flow Movements Using Active-Langevin Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05626.pdf)
>  Crowd flow describes the elementary group behavior of crowds. Understanding the dynamics behind these movements can help to identify various abnormalities in crowds. However, developing a crowd model describing these flows is a challenging task. In this paper, a physics-based model is proposed to describe the movements in dense crowds. The crowd model is based on active Langevin equation where the motion points are assumed to be similar to active colloidal particles in fluids. The model is further augmented with computer-vision techniques to segment both linear and non-linear motion flows in a dense crowd. The evaluation of the active Langevin equation-based crowd segmentation has been done on publicly available crowd videos and on our own videos. The proposed method is able to segment the flow with lesser optical flow error and better accuracy in comparison to existing state-of-the-art methods. 
### 20.Beyond the Camera: Neural Networks in World Coordinates  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05614.pdf)
>  Eye movement and strategic placement of the visual field onto the retina, gives animals increased resolution of the scene and suppresses distracting information. This fundamental system has been missing from video understanding with deep networks, typically limited to 224 by 224 pixel content locked to the camera frame. We propose a simple idea, WorldFeatures, where each feature at every layer has a spatial transformation, and the feature map is only transformed as needed. We show that a network built with these WorldFeatures, can be used to model eye movements, such as saccades, fixation, and smooth pursuit, even in a batch setting on pre-recorded video. That is, the network can for example use all 224 by 224 pixels to look at a small detail one moment, and the whole scene the next. We show that typical building blocks, such as convolutions and pooling, can be adapted to support WorldFeatures using available tools. Experiments are presented on the Charades, Olympic Sports, and Caltech-UCSD Birds-200-2011 datasets, exploring action recognition, fine-grained recognition, and video stabilization. 
### 21.Arbitrary-Oriented Object Detection with Circular Smooth Label  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05597.pdf)
>  Arbitrary-oriented object detection has recently attracted increasing attention in vision for their importance in aerial imagery, scene text, and face etc. In this paper, we show that existing regression-based rotation detectors suffer the problem of discontinuous boundaries, which is directly caused by angular periodicity or corner ordering. By a careful study, we find the root cause is that the ideal predictions are beyond the defined range. We design a new rotation detection baseline, to address the boundary problem by transforming angular prediction from a regression problem to a classification task with little accuracy loss, whereby high-precision angle classification is devised in contrast to previous works using coarse-granularity in rotation detection. We also propose a circular smooth label (CSL) technique to handle the periodicity of the angle and increase the error tolerance to adjacent angles. We further introduce four window functions in CSL and explore the effect of different window radius sizes on detection performance. Extensive experiments and visual analysis on two large-scale public datasets for aerial images i.e. DOTA, HRSC2016, as well as scene text dataset ICDAR2015 and MLT, show the effectiveness of our approach. The code will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Thinklab-SJTU/CSL_RetinaNet_Tensorflow" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 22.Learning to Segment 3D Point Clouds in 2D Image Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05593.pdf)
>  In contrast to the literature where local patterns in 3D point clouds are captured by customized convolutional operators, in this paper we study the problem of how to effectively and efficiently project such point clouds into a 2D image space so that traditional 2D convolutional neural networks (CNNs) such as U-Net can be applied for segmentation. To this end, we are motivated by graph drawing and reformulate it as an integer programming problem to learn the topology-preserving graph-to-grid mapping for each individual point cloud. To accelerate the computation in practice, we further propose a novel hierarchical approximate algorithm. With the help of the Delaunay triangulation for graph construction from point clouds and a multi-scale U-Net for segmentation, we manage to demonstrate the state-of-the-art performance on ShapeNet and PartNet, respectively, with significant improvement over the literature. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/WPI-VISLab" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 23.Encoder-Decoder Based Convolutional Neural Networks with Multi-Scale-Aware Modules for Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05586.pdf)
>  In this paper, we proposed two modified neural network architectures based on SFANet and SegNet respectively for accurate and efficient crowd counting. Inspired by SFANet, the first model is attached with two novel multi-scale-aware modules called, ASSP and CAN. This model is called M-SFANet. The encoder of M-SFANet is enhanced with ASSP containing parallel atrous convolution with different sampling rates and hence able to extract multi-scale features of the target object and incorporate larger context. To further deal with scale variation throughout an input image, we leverage contextual module called CAN which adaptively encodes the scales of the contextual information. The combination yields an effective model for counting in both dense and sparse crowd scenes. Based on SFANet decoder structure, M-SFANet decoder has dual paths, for density map generation and attention map generation. The second model is called M-SegNet. For M-SegNet, we simply change bilinear upsampling used in SFANet to max unpooling originally from SegNet and propose the faster model while providing competitive counting performance. Designed for high-speed surveillance applications, M-SegNet has no additional multi-scale-aware module in order to not increase the complexity. Both models are encoder-decoder based architectures and end-to-end trainable. We also conduct extensive experiments on four crowd counting datasets and one vehicle counting dataset to show that these modifications yield algorithms that could outperform some of state-of-the-art crowd counting methods. 
### 24.ZSTAD: Zero-Shot Temporal Activity Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05583.pdf)
>  An integral part of video analysis and surveillance is temporal activity detection, which means to simultaneously recognize and localize activities in long untrimmed videos. Currently, the most effective methods of temporal activity detection are based on deep learning, and they typically perform very well with large scale annotated videos for training. However, these methods are limited in real applications due to the unavailable videos about certain activity classes and the time-consuming data annotation. To solve this challenging problem, we propose a novel task setting called zero-shot temporal activity detection (ZSTAD), where activities that have never been seen in training can still be detected. We design an end-to-end deep network based on R-C3D as the architecture for this solution. The proposed network is optimized with an innovative loss function that considers the embeddings of activity labels and their super-classes while learning the common semantics of seen and unseen activities. Experiments on both the THUMOS14 and the Charades datasets show promising performance in terms of detecting unseen activities. 
### 25.Extended Batch Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05569.pdf)
>  Batch normalization (BN) has become a standard technique for training the modern deep networks. However, its effectiveness diminishes when the batch size becomes smaller, since the batch statistics estimation becomes inaccurate. That hinders batch normalization's usage for 1) training larger model which requires small batches constrained by memory consumption, 2) training on mobile or embedded devices of which the memory resource is limited. In this paper, we propose a simple but effective method, called extended batch normalization (EBN). For NCHW format feature maps, extended batch normalization computes the mean along the (N, H, W) dimensions, as the same as batch normalization, to maintain the advantage of batch normalization. To alleviate the problem caused by small batch size, extended batch normalization computes the standard deviation along the (N, C, H, W) dimensions, thus enlarges the number of samples from which the standard deviation is computed. We compare extended batch normalization with batch normalization and group normalization on the datasets of MNIST, CIFAR-10/100, STL-10, and ImageNet, respectively. The experiments show that extended batch normalization alleviates the problem of batch normalization with small batch size while achieving close performances to batch normalization with large batch size. 
### 26.SeqXY2SeqZ: Structure Learning for 3D Shapes by Sequentially Predicting 1D Occupancy Segments From 2D Coordinates  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05559.pdf)
>  Structure learning for 3D shapes is vital for 3D computer vision. State-of-the-art methods show promising results by representing shapes using implicit functions in 3D that are learned using discriminative neural networks. However, learning implicit functions requires dense and irregular sampling in 3D space, which also makes the sampling methods affect the accuracy of shape reconstruction during test. To avoid dense and irregular sampling in 3D, we propose to represent shapes using 2D functions, where the output of the function at each 2D location is a sequence of line segments inside the shape. Our approach leverages the power of functional representations, but without the disadvantage of 3D sampling. Specifically, we use a voxel tubelization to represent a voxel grid as a set of tubes along any one of the X, Y, or Z axes. Each tube can be indexed by its 2D coordinates on the plane spanned by the other two axes. We further simplify each tube into a sequence of occupancy segments. Each occupancy segment consists of successive voxels occupied by the shape, which leads to a simple representation of its 1D start and end location. Given the 2D coordinates of the tube and a shape feature as condition, this representation enables us to learn 3D shape structures by sequentially predicting the start and end locations of each occupancy segment in the tube. We implement this approach using a Seq2Seq model with attention, called SeqXY2SeqZ, which learns the mapping from a sequence of 2D coordinates along two arbitrary axes to a sequence of 1D locations along the third axis. SeqXY2SeqZ not only benefits from the regularity of voxel grids in training and testing, but also achieves high memory efficiency. Our experiments show that SeqXY2SeqZ outperforms the state-ofthe-art methods under widely used benchmarks. 
### 27.Memory-efficient Learning for Large-scale Computational Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05551.pdf)
>  Critical aspects of computational imaging systems, such as experimental design and image priors, can be optimized through deep networks formed by the unrolled iterations of classical model-based reconstructions (termed physics-based networks). However, for real-world large-scale inverse problems, computing gradients via backpropagation is infeasible due to memory limitations of graphics processing units. In this work, we propose a memory-efficient learning procedure that exploits the reversibility of the network's layers to enable data-driven design for large-scale computational imaging systems. We demonstrate our method on a small-scale compressed sensing example, as well as two large-scale real-world systems: multi-channel magnetic resonance imaging and super-resolution optical microscopy. 
### 28.Frequency-Tuned Universal Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05549.pdf)
>  Researchers have shown that the predictions of a convolutional neural network (CNN) for an image set can be severely distorted by one single image-agnostic perturbation, or universal perturbation, usually with an empirically fixed threshold in the spatial domain to restrict its perceivability. However, by considering the human perception, we propose to adopt JND thresholds to guide the perceivability of universal adversarial perturbations. Based on this, we propose a frequency-tuned universal attack method to compute universal perturbations and show that our method can realize a good balance between perceivability and effectiveness in terms of fooling rate by adapting the perturbations to the local frequency content. Compared with existing universal adversarial attack techniques, our frequency-tuned attack method can achieve cutting-edge quantitative results. We demonstrate that our approach can significantly improve the performance of the baseline on both white-box and black-box attacks. 
### 29.VSGNet: Spatial Attention Network for Detecting Human Object Interactions Using Graph Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05541.pdf)
>  Comprehensive visual understanding requires detection frameworks that can effectively learn and utilize object interactions while analyzing objects individually. This is the main objective in Human-Object Interaction (HOI) detection task. In particular, relative spatial reasoning and structural connections between objects are essential cues for analyzing interactions, which is addressed by the proposed Visual-Spatial-Graph Network (VSGNet) architecture. VSGNet extracts visual features from the human-object pairs, refines the features with spatial configurations of the pair, and utilizes the structural connections between the pair via graph convolutions. The performance of VSGNet is thoroughly evaluated using the Verbs in COCO (V-COCO) and HICO-DET datasets. Experimental results indicate that VSGNet outperforms state-of-the-art solutions by 8% or 4 mAP in V-COCO and 16% or 3 mAP in HICO-DET. 
### 30.Softmax Splatting for Video Frame Interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05534.pdf)
>  Differentiable image sampling in the form of backward warping has seen broad adoption in tasks like depth estimation and optical flow prediction. In contrast, how to perform forward warping has seen less attention, partly due to additional challenges such as resolving the conflict of mapping multiple pixels to the same target location in a differentiable way. We propose softmax splatting to address this paradigm shift and show its effectiveness on the application of frame interpolation. Specifically, given two input frames, we forward-warp the frames and their feature pyramid representations based on an optical flow estimate using softmax splatting. In doing so, the softmax splatting seamlessly handles cases where multiple source pixels map to the same target location. We then use a synthesis network to predict the interpolation result from the warped representations. Our softmax splatting allows us to not only interpolate frames at an arbitrary time but also to fine tune the feature pyramid and the optical flow. We show that our synthesis approach, empowered by softmax splatting, achieves new state-of-the-art results for video frame interpolation. 
### 31.Confidence Guided Stereo 3D Object Detection with Split Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05505.pdf)
>  Accurate and reliable 3D object detection is vital to safe autonomous driving. Despite recent developments, the performance gap between stereo-based methods and LiDAR-based methods is still considerable. Accurate depth estimation is crucial to the performance of stereo-based 3D object detection methods, particularly for those pixels associated with objects in the foreground. Moreover, stereo-based methods suffer from high variance in the depth estimation accuracy, which is often not considered in the object detection pipeline. To tackle these two issues, we propose CG-Stereo, a confidence-guided stereo 3D object detection pipeline that uses separate decoders for foreground and background pixels during depth estimation, and leverages the confidence estimation from the depth estimation network as a soft attention mechanism in the 3D object detector. Our approach outperforms all state-of-the-art stereo-based 3D detectors on the KITTI benchmark. 
### 32.Unified Image and Video Saliency Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05477.pdf)
>  Visual saliency modeling for images and videos is treated as two independent tasks in recent computer vision literature. On the one hand, image saliency modeling is a well-studied problem and progress on benchmarks like \mbox{SALICON} and MIT300 is slowing. For video saliency prediction on the other hand, rapid gains have been achieved on the recent DHF1K benchmark through network architectures that are optimized for this task. Here, we take a step back and ask: Can image and video saliency modeling be approached via a unified model, with mutual benefit? We find that it is crucial to model the domain shift between image and video saliency data and between different video saliency datasets for effective joint modeling. We identify different sources of domain shift and address them through four novel domain adaptation techniques - Domain-Adaptive Priors, Domain-Adaptive Fusion, Domain-Adaptive Smoothing and Bypass-RNN - in addition to an improved formulation of learned Gaussian priors. We integrate these techniques into a simple and lightweight encoder-RNN-decoder-style network, UNISAL, and train the entire network simultaneously with image and video saliency data. We evaluate our method on the video saliency datasets DHF1K, Hollywood-2 and UCF-Sports, as well as the image saliency datasets SALICON and MIT300. With one set of parameters, our method achieves state-of-the-art performance on all video saliency datasets and is on par with the state-of-the-art for image saliency prediction, despite a 5 to 20-fold reduction in model size and the fastest runtime among all competing deep models. We provide retrospective analyses and ablation studies which demonstrate the importance of the domain shift modeling. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rdroste/unisal" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 33.Deep Vectorization of Technical Drawings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05471.pdf)
>  We present a new method for vectorization of technical line drawings, such as floor plans, architectural drawings, and 2D CAD images. Our method includes (1) a deep learning-based cleaning stage to eliminate the background and imperfections in the image and fill in missing parts, (2) a transformer-based network to estimate vector primitives, and (3) optimization procedure to obtain the final primitive configurations. We train the networks on synthetic data, renderings of vector line drawings, and manually vectorized scans of line drawings. Our method quantitatively and qualitatively outperforms a number of existing techniques on a collection of representative technical drawings. 
### 34.Optimal HDR and Depth from Dual Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05907.pdf)
>  Dual camera systems have assisted in the proliferation of various applications, such as optical zoom, low-light imaging and High Dynamic Range (HDR) imaging. In this work, we explore an optimal method for capturing the scene HDR and disparity map using dual camera setups. Hasinoff et al. (2010) have developed a noise optimal framework for HDR capture from a single camera. We generalize this to the dual camera set-up for estimating both HDR and disparity map. It may seem that dual camera systems can capture HDR in a shorter time. However, disparity estimation is a necessary step, which requires overlap among the images captured by the two cameras. This may lead to an increase in the capture time. To address this conflicting requirement, we propose a novel framework to find the optimal exposure and ISO sequence by minimizing the capture time under the constraints of an upper bound on the disparity error and a lower bound on the per-exposure SNR. We show that the resulting optimization problem is non-convex in general and propose an appropriate initialization technique. To obtain the HDR and disparity map from the optimal capture sequence, we propose a pipeline which alternates between estimating the camera ICRFs and the scene disparity map. We demonstrate that our optimal capture sequence leads to better results than other possible capture sequences. Our results are also close to those obtained by capturing the full stereo stack spanning the entire dynamic range. Finally, we present for the first time a stereo HDR dataset consisting of dense ISO and exposure stack captured from a smartphone dual camera. The dataset consists of 6 scenes, with an average of 142 exposure-ISO image sequence per scene. 
### 35.Truncated Inference for Latent Variable Optimization Problems: Application to Robust Estimation and Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05886.pdf)
>  Optimization problems with an auxiliary latent variable structure in addition to the main model parameters occur frequently in computer vision and machine learning. The additional latent variables make the underlying optimization task expensive, either in terms of memory (by maintaining the latent variables), or in terms of runtime (repeated exact inference of latent variables). We aim to remove the need to maintain the latent variables and propose two formally justified methods, that dynamically adapt the required accuracy of latent variable inference. These methods have applications in large scale robust estimation and in learning energy-based models from labeled data. 
### 36.Explaining Away Attacks Against Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05748.pdf)
>  We investigate the problem of identifying adversarial attacks on image-based neural networks. We present intriguing experimental results showing significant discrepancies between the explanations generated for the predictions of a model on clean and adversarial data. Utilizing this intuition, we propose a framework which can identify whether a given input is adversarial based on the explanations given by the model. Code for our experiments can be found here: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/seansaito/Explaining-Away-Attacks-Against-Neural-Networks" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 37.Intensity Scan Context: Coding Intensity and Geometry Relations for Loop Closure Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05656.pdf)
>  Loop closure detection is an essential and challenging problem in simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM). It is often tackled with light detection and ranging (LiDAR) sensor due to its view-point and illumination invariant properties. Existing works on 3D loop closure detection often leverage the matching of local or global geometrical-only descriptors, but without considering the intensity reading. In this paper we explore the intensity property from LiDAR scan and show that it can be effective for place recognition. Concretely, we propose a novel global descriptor, intensity scan context (ISC), that explores both geometry and intensity characteristics. To improve the efficiency for loop closure detection, an efficient two-stage hierarchical re-identification process is proposed, including a binary-operation based fast geometric relation retrieval and an intensity structure re-identification. Thorough experiments including both local experiment and public datasets test have been conducted to evaluate the performance of the proposed method. Our method achieves higher recall rate and recall precision than existing geometric-only methods. 
### 38.AirSim Drone Racing Lab  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05654.pdf)
>  Autonomous drone racing is a challenging research problem at the intersection of computer vision, planning, state estimation, and control. We introduce AirSim Drone Racing Lab, a simulation framework for enabling fast prototyping of algorithms for autonomy and enabling machine learning research in this domain, with the goal of reducing the time, money, and risks associated with field robotics. Our framework enables generation of racing tracks in multiple photo-realistic environments, orchestration of drone races, comes with a suite of gate assets, allows for multiple sensor modalities (monocular, depth, neuromorphic events, optical flow), different camera models, and benchmarking of planning, control, computer vision, and learning-based algorithms. We used our framework to host a simulation based drone racing competition at NeurIPS 2019. The competition binaries are available at our github repository. 
### 39.DeepURL: Deep Pose Estimation Framework for Underwater Relative Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.05523.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a real-time deep-learning approach for determining the 6D relative pose of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUV) from a single image. A team of autonomous robots localizing themselves, in a communication-constrained underwater environment, is essential for many applications such as underwater exploration, mapping, multi-robot convoying, and other multi-robot tasks. Due to the profound difficulty of collecting ground truth images with accurate 6D poses underwater, this work utilizes rendered images from the Unreal Game Engine simulation for training. An image translation network is employed to bridge the gap between the rendered and the real images producing synthetic images for training. The proposed method predicts the 6D pose of an AUV from a single image as 2D image keypoints representing 8 corners of the 3D model of the AUV, and then the 6D pose in the camera coordinates is determined using RANSAC-based PnP. Experimental results in underwater environments (swimming pool and ocean) with different cameras demonstrate the robustness of the proposed technique, where the trained system decreased translation error by 75.5% and 
