# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 3 Mar 2020
### 1.Learn2Perturb: an End-to-end Feature Perturbation Learning to Improve Adversarial Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01090.pdf)
>  While deep neural networks have been achieving state-of-the-art performance across a wide variety of applications, their vulnerability to adversarial attacks limits their widespread deployment for safety-critical applications. Alongside other adversarial defense approaches being investigated, there has been a very recent interest in improving adversarial robustness in deep neural networks through the introduction of perturbations during the training process. However, such methods leverage fixed, pre-defined perturbations and require significant hyper-parameter tuning that makes them very difficult to leverage in a general fashion. In this study, we introduce Learn2Perturb, an end-to-end feature perturbation learning approach for improving the adversarial robustness of deep neural networks. More specifically, we introduce novel perturbation-injection modules that are incorporated at each layer to perturb the feature space and increase uncertainty in the network. This feature perturbation is performed at both the training and the inference stages. Furthermore, inspired by the Expectation-Maximization, an alternating back-propagation training algorithm is introduced to train the network and noise parameters consecutively. Experimental results on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 datasets show that the proposed Learn2Perturb method can result in deep neural networks which are $4-7\%$ more robust on $l_{\infty}$ FGSM and PDG adversarial attacks and significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art against $l_2$ $C\&amp;W$ attack and a wide range of well-known black-box attacks. 
### 2.D3VO: Deep Depth, Deep Pose and Deep Uncertainty for Monocular Visual Odometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01060.pdf)
>  We propose D3VO as a novel framework for monocular visual odometry that exploits deep networks on three levels -- deep depth, pose and uncertainty estimation. We first propose a novel self-supervised monocular depth estimation network trained on stereo videos without any external supervision. In particular, it aligns the training image pairs into similar lighting condition with predictive brightness transformation parameters. Besides, we model the photometric uncertainties of pixels on the input images, which improves the depth estimation accuracy and provides a learned weighting function for the photometric residuals in direct (feature-less) visual odometry. Evaluation results show that the proposed network outperforms state-of-the-art self-supervised depth estimation networks. D3VO tightly incorporates the predicted depth, pose and uncertainty into a direct visual odometry method to boost both the front-end tracking as well as the back-end non-linear optimization. We evaluate D3VO in terms of monocular visual odometry on both the KITTI odometry benchmark and the EuRoC MAV dataset. The results show that D3VO outperforms state-of-the-art traditional monocular VO methods by a large margin. It also achieves comparable results to state-of-the-art stereo/LiDAR odometry on KITTI and to the state-of-the-art visual-inertial odometry on EuRoC MAV, while using only a single camera. 
### 3.Plug &amp; Play Convolutional Regression Tracker for Video Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00981.pdf)
>  Video object detection targets to simultaneously localize the bounding boxes of the objects and identify their classes in a given video. One challenge for video object detection is to consistently detect all objects across the whole video. As the appearance of objects may deteriorate in some frames, features or detections from the other frames are commonly used to enhance the prediction. In this paper, we propose a Plug &amp; Play scale-adaptive convolutional regression tracker for the video object detection task, which could be easily and compatibly implanted into the current state-of-the-art detection networks. As the tracker reuses the features from the detector, it is a very light-weighted increment to the detection network. The whole network performs at the speed close to a standard object detector. With our new video object detection pipeline design, image object detectors can be easily turned into efficient video object detectors without modifying any parameters. The performance is evaluated on the large-scale ImageNet VID dataset. Our Plug &amp; Play design improves mAP score for the image detector by around 5% with only little speed drop. 
### 4.DriverMHG: A Multi-Modal Dataset for Dynamic Recognition of Driver Micro Hand Gestures and a Real-Time Recognition Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00951.pdf)
>  The use of hand gestures provides a natural alternative to cumbersome interface devices for Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) systems. However, real-time recognition of dynamic micro hand gestures from video streams is challenging for in-vehicle scenarios since (i) the gestures should be performed naturally without distracting the driver, (ii) micro hand gestures occur within very short time intervals at spatially constrained areas, (iii) the performed gesture should be recognized only once, and (iv) the entire architecture should be designed lightweight as it will be deployed to an embedded system. In this work, we propose an HCI system for dynamic recognition of driver micro hand gestures, which can have a crucial impact in automotive sector especially for safety related issues. For this purpose, we initially collected a dataset named Driver Micro Hand Gestures (DriverMHG), which consists of RGB, depth and infrared modalities. The challenges for dynamic recognition of micro hand gestures have been addressed by proposing a lightweight convolutional neural network (CNN) based architecture which operates online efficiently with a sliding window approach. For the CNN model, several 3-dimensional resource efficient networks are applied and their performances are analyzed. Online recognition of gestures has been performed with 3D-MobileNetV2, which provided the best offline accuracy among the applied networks with similar computational complexities. The final architecture is deployed on a driver simulator operating in real-time. We make DriverMHG dataset and our source code publicly available. 
### 5.Always Look on the Bright Side of the Field: Merging Pose and Contextual Data to Estimate Orientation of Soccer Players  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00943.pdf)
>  Although orientation has proven to be a key skill of soccer players in order to succeed in a broad spectrum of plays, body orientation is a yet-little-explored area in sports analytics' research. Despite being an inherently ambiguous concept, player orientation can be defined as the projection (2D) of the normal vector placed in the center of the upper-torso of players (3D). This research presents a novel technique to obtain player orientation from monocular video recordings by mapping pose parts (shoulders and hips) in a 2D field by combining OpenPose with a super-resolution network, and merging the obtained estimation with contextual information (ball position). Results have been validated with players-held EPTS devices, obtaining a median error of 27 degrees/player. Moreover, three novel types of orientation maps are proposed in order to make raw orientation data easy to visualize and understand, thus allowing further analysis at team- or player-level. 
### 6.Deep Meditations: Controlled navigation of latent space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00910.pdf)
>  We introduce a method which allows users to creatively explore and navigate the vast latent spaces of deep generative models. Specifically, our method enables users to \textit{discover} and \textit{design} \textit{trajectories} in these high dimensional spaces, to construct stories, and produce time-based media such as videos---\textit{with meaningful control over narrative}. Our goal is to encourage and aid the use of deep generative models as a medium for creative expression and story telling with meaningful human control. Our method is analogous to traditional video production pipelines in that we use a conventional non-linear video editor with proxy clips, and conform with arrays of latent space vectors. Examples can be seen at \url{<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://deepmeditations.ai" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>}. 
### 7.Learning Fast and Robust Target Models for Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00908.pdf)
>  Video object segmentation (VOS) is a highly challenging problem since the initial mask, defining the target object, is only given at test-time. The main difficulty is to effectively handle appearance changes and similar background objects, while maintaining accurate segmentation. Most previous approaches fine-tune segmentation networks on the first frame, resulting in impractical frame-rates and risk of overfitting. More recent methods integrate generative target appearance models, but either achieve limited robustness or require large amounts of training data. We propose a novel VOS architecture consisting of two network components. The target appearance model consists of a light-weight module, learned during the inference stage using fast optimization techniques to predict a coarse but robust target segmentation. The segmentation model is exclusively trained offline, designed to process the coarse scores into high quality segmentation masks. Our method is fast, easily trainable and remains is highly effective in cases of limited training data. We perform extensive experiments on the challenging YouTube-VOS and DAVIS datasets. Our network achieves favorable performance, while operating at significantly higher frame-rates compared to state-of-the-art. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/andr345/frtm-vos" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 8.Learning to See: You Are What You See  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00902.pdf)
>  The authors present a visual instrument developed as part of the creation of the artwork Learning to See. The artwork explores bias in artificial neural networks and provides mechanisms for the manipulation of specifically trained for real-world representations. The exploration of these representations acts as a metaphor for the process of developing a visual understanding and/or visual vocabulary of the world. These representations can be explored and manipulated in real time, and have been produced in such a way so as to reflect specific creative perspectives that call into question the relationship between how both artificial neural networks and humans may construct meaning. 
### 9.Revisiting Convolutional Neural Networks for Urban Flow Analytics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00895.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have been widely adopted in raster-based urban flow analytics by virtue of their capability in capturing nearby spatial context. By revisiting CNN-based methods for different analytics tasks, we expose two common critical drawbacks in the existing uses: 1) inefficiency in learning global context, and 2) overlooking latent region functions. To tackle these challenges, in this paper we present a novel framework entitled DeepLGR that can be easily generalized to address various urban flow analytics problems. This framework consists of three major parts: 1) a local context module to learn local representations of each region; 2) a global context module to extract global contextual priors and upsample them to generate the global features; and 3) a region-specific predictor based on tensor decomposition to provide customized predictions for each region, which is very parameter-efficient compared to previous methods. Extensive experiments on two typical urban analytics tasks demonstrate the effectiveness, stability, and generality of our framework. 
### 10.Gated Fusion Network for Degraded Image Super Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00893.pdf)
>  Single image super resolution aims to enhance image quality with respect to spatial content, which is a fundamental task in computer vision. In this work, we address the task of single frame super resolution with the presence of image degradation, e.g., blur, haze, or rain streaks. Due to the limitations of frame capturing and formation processes, image degradation is inevitable, and the artifacts would be exacerbated by super resolution methods. To address this problem, we propose a dual-branch convolutional neural network to extract base features and recovered features separately. The base features contain local and global information of the input image. On the other hand, the recovered features focus on the degraded regions and are used to remove the degradation. Those features are then fused through a recursive gate module to obtain sharp features for super resolution. By decomposing the feature extraction step into two task-independent streams, the dual-branch model can facilitate the training process by avoiding learning the mixed degradation all-in-one and thus enhance the final high-resolution prediction results. We evaluate the proposed method in three degradation scenarios. Experiments on these scenarios demonstrate that the proposed method performs more efficiently and favorably against the state-of-the-art approaches on benchmark datasets. 
### 11.Instance Separation Emerges from Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00891.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks trained to inpaint partially occluded images show a deep understanding of image composition and have even been shown to remove objects from images convincingly. In this work, we investigate how this implicit knowledge of image composition can be leveraged for fully self-supervised instance separation. We propose a measure for the independence of two image regions given a fully self-supervised inpainting network and separate objects by maximizing this independence. We evaluate our method on two microscopy image datasets and show that it reaches similar segmentation performance to fully supervised methods. 
### 12.3D Object Detection From LiDAR Data Using Distance Dependent Feature Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00888.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new approach to 3D object detection that leverages the properties of the data obtained by a LiDAR sensor. State-of-the-art detectors use neural network architectures based on assumptions valid for camera images. However, point clouds obtained from LiDAR are fundamentally different. Most detectors use shared filter kernels to extract features which do not take into account the range dependent nature of the point cloud features. To show this, different detectors are trained on two splits of the KITTI dataset: close range (objects up to 25 meters from LiDAR) and long-range. Top view images are generated from point clouds as input for the networks. Combined results outperform the baseline network trained on the full dataset with a single backbone. Additional research compares the effect of using different input features when converting the point cloud to image. The results indicate that the network focuses on the shape and structure of the objects, rather than exact values of the input. This work proposes an improvement for 3D object detectors by taking into account the properties of LiDAR point clouds over distance. Results show that training separate networks for close-range and long-range objects boosts performance for all KITTI benchmark difficulties. 
### 13.Adversarial Perturbations Prevail in the Y-Channel of the YCbCr Color Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00883.pdf)
>  Deep learning offers state of the art solutions for image recognition. However, deep models are vulnerable to adversarial perturbations in images that are subtle but significantly change the model's prediction. In a white-box attack, these perturbations are generally learned for deep models that operate on RGB images and, hence, the perturbations are equally distributed in the RGB color space. In this paper, we show that the adversarial perturbations prevail in the Y-channel of the YCbCr space. Our finding is motivated from the fact that the human vision and deep models are more responsive to shape and texture rather than color. Based on our finding, we propose a defense against adversarial images. Our defence, coined ResUpNet, removes perturbations only from the Y-channel by exploiting ResNet features in an upsampling framework without the need for a bottleneck. At the final stage, the untouched CbCr-channels are combined with the refined Y-channel to restore the clean image. Note that ResUpNet is model agnostic as it does not modify the DNN structure. ResUpNet is trained end-to-end in Pytorch and the results are compared to existing defence techniques in the input transformation category. Our results show that our approach achieves the best balance between defence against adversarial attacks such as FGSM, PGD and DDN and maintaining the original accuracies of VGG-16, ResNet50 and DenseNet121 on clean images. We perform another experiment to show that learning adversarial perturbations only for the Y-channel results in higher fooling rates for the same perturbation magnitude. 
### 14.The perceptual boost of visual attention is task-dependent in naturalistic settings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00882.pdf)
>  Attentional modulation of neural representations is known to enhance processing of task-relevant visual information. Is the resulting perceptual boost task-dependent in naturalistic settings? We aim to answer this with a large-scale computational experiment. First we design a series of visual tasks, each consisting of classifying images from a particular task set (group of image categories). The nature of a given task is determined by which categories are included in the task set. Then on each task we compare the accuracy of an attention-augmented neural network to that of an attention-free counterpart. We show that, all else being equal, the performance impact of attention is stronger with increasing task-set difficulty, weaker with increasing task-set size, and weaker with increasing perceptual similarity within a task set. 
### 15.Introducing Fuzzy Layers for Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00880.pdf)
>  Many state-of-the-art technologies developed in recent years have been influenced by machine learning to some extent. Most popular at the time of this writing are artificial intelligence methodologies that fall under the umbrella of deep learning. Deep learning has been shown across many applications to be extremely powerful and capable of handling problems that possess great complexity and difficulty. In this work, we introduce a new layer to deep learning: the fuzzy layer. Traditionally, the network architecture of neural networks is composed of an input layer, some combination of hidden layers, and an output layer. We propose the introduction of fuzzy layers into the deep learning architecture to exploit the powerful aggregation properties expressed through fuzzy methodologies, such as the Choquet and Sugueno fuzzy integrals. To date, fuzzy approaches taken to deep learning have been through the application of various fusion strategies at the decision level to aggregate outputs from state-of-the-art pre-trained models, e.g., AlexNet, VGG16, GoogLeNet, Inception-v3, ResNet-18, etc. While these strategies have been shown to improve accuracy performance for image classification tasks, none have explored the use of fuzzified intermediate, or hidden, layers. Herein, we present a new deep learning strategy that incorporates fuzzy strategies into the deep learning architecture focused on the application of semantic segmentation using per-pixel classification. Experiments are conducted on a benchmark data set as well as a data set collected via an unmanned aerial system at a U.S. Army test site for the task of automatic road segmentation, and preliminary results are promising. 
### 16.Estimating a Null Model of Scientific Image Reuse to Support Research Integrity Investigations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00878.pdf)
>  When there is a suspicious figure reuse case in science, research integrity investigators often find it difficult to rebut authors claiming that "it happened by chance". In other words, when there is a "collision" of image features, it is difficult to justify whether it appears rarely or not. In this article, we provide a method to predict the rarity of an image feature by statistically estimating the chance of it randomly occurring across all scientific imagery. Our method is based on high-dimensional density estimation of ORB features using 7+ million images in the PubMed Open Access Subset dataset. We show that this method can lead to meaningful feedback during research integrity investigations by providing a null hypothesis for scientific image reuse and thus a p-value during deliberations. We apply the model to a sample of increasingly complex imagery and confirm that it produces decreasingly smaller p-values as expected. We discuss applications to research integrity investigations as well as future work. 
### 17.A Multi-view Perspective of Self-supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00877.pdf)
>  As a newly emerging unsupervised learning paradigm, self-supervised learning (SSL) recently gained widespread attention, which usually introduces a pretext task without manual annotation of data. With its help, SSL effectively learns the feature representation beneficial for downstream tasks. Thus the pretext task plays a key role. However, the study of its design, especially its essence currently is still open. In this paper, we borrow a multi-view perspective to decouple a class of popular pretext tasks into a combination of view data augmentation (VDA) and view label classification (VLC), where we attempt to explore the essence of such pretext task while providing some insights into its design. Specifically, a simple multi-view learning framework is specially designed (SSL-MV), which assists the feature learning of downstream tasks (original view) through the same tasks on the augmented views. SSL-MV focuses on VDA while abandons VLC, empirically uncovering that it is VDA rather than generally considered VLC that dominates the performance of such SSL. Additionally, thanks to replacing VLC with VDA tasks, SSL-MV also enables an integrated inference combining the predictions from the augmented views, further improving the performance. Experiments on several benchmark datasets demonstrate its advantages. 
### 18.Predicting TUG score from gait characteristics based on video analysis and machine learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00875.pdf)
>  Fall is a leading cause of death which suffers the elderly and society. Timed Up and Go (TUG) test is a common tool for fall risk assessment. In this paper, we propose a method for predicting TUG score from gait characteristics extracted from video based on computer vision and machine learning technologies. First, 3D pose is estimated from video captured with 2D and 3D cameras during human motion and then a group of gait characteristics are computed from 3D pose series. After that, copula entropy is used to select those characteristics which are mostly associated with TUG score. Finally, the selected characteristics are fed into the predictive models to predict TUG score. Experiments on real world data demonstrated the effectiveness of the proposed method. As a byproduct, the associations between TUG score and several gait characteristics are discovered, which laid the scientific foundation of the proposed method and make the predictive models such built interpretable to clinical users. 
### 19.Few-shot Learning with Weakly-supervised Object Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00874.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning (FSL) aims to learn novel visual categories from very few samples, which is a challenging problem in real-world applications. Many data generation methods have improved the performance of FSL models, but require lots of annotated images to train a specialized network (e.g., GAN) dedicated to hallucinate new samples. We argue that localization is a more efficient approach because it provides the most discriminative regions without using extra samples. In this paper, we propose a novel method to address the FSL task by achieving weakly-supervised object localization within performing few-shot classification. To this end, we design (i) a triplet-input module to obtain the initial object seeds and (ii) an Image-To-Class-Distance (ITCD) based localizer to activate the deep descriptors of the key objects, thus obtaining the more discriminative representations used to perform few-shot classification. Extensive experiments show our method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on benchmark datasets under various settings. Besides, our method achieves superior performance over previous methods when training the model on miniImageNet and evaluating it on the different datasets (e.g., Stanford Dogs), demonstrating its superior generalization capacity. Extra visualization shows the proposed method can localize the key objects accurately. 
### 20.AlignSeg: Feature-Aligned Segmentation Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00872.pdf)
>  Aggregating features in terms of different convolutional blocks or contextual embeddings has been proven to be an effective way to strengthen feature representations for semantic segmentation. However, most of the current popular network architectures tend to ignore the misalignment issues during the feature aggregation process caused by 1) step-by-step downsampling operations, and 2) indiscriminate contextual information fusion. In this paper, we explore the principles in addressing such feature misalignment issues and inventively propose Feature-Aligned Segmentation Networks (AlignSeg). AlignSeg consists of two primary modules, i.e., the Aligned Feature Aggregation (AlignFA) module and the Aligned Context Modeling (AlignCM) module. First, AlignFA adopts a simple learnable interpolation strategy to learn transformation offsets of pixels, which can effectively relieve the feature misalignment issue caused by multiresolution feature aggregation. Second, with the contextual embeddings in hand, AlignCM enables each pixel to choose private custom contextual information in an adaptive manner, making the contextual embeddings aligned better to provide appropriate guidance. We validate the effectiveness of our AlignSeg network with extensive experiments on Cityscapes and ADE20K, achieving new state-of-the-art mIoU scores of 82.6% and 45.95%, respectively. Our source code will be made available. 
### 21.Learning Texture Invariant Representation for Domain Adaptation of Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00867.pdf)
>  Since annotating pixel-level labels for semantic segmentation is laborious, leveraging synthetic data is an attractive solution. However, due to the domain gap between synthetic domain and real domain, it is challenging for a model trained with synthetic data to generalize to real data. In this paper, considering the fundamental difference between the two domains as the texture, we propose a method to adapt to the texture of the target domain. First, we diversity the texture of synthetic images using a style transfer algorithm. The various textures of generated images prevent a segmentation model from overfitting to one specific (synthetic) texture. Then, we fine-tune the model with self-training to get direct supervision of the target texture. Our results achieve state-of-the-art performance and we analyze the properties of the model trained on the stylized dataset with extensive experiments. 
### 22.Exposing Backdoors in Robust Machine Learning Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00865.pdf)
>  The introduction of robust optimisation has pushed the state-of-the-art in defending against adversarial attacks. However, the behaviour of such optimisation has not been studied in the light of a fundamentally different class of attacks called backdoors. In this paper, we demonstrate that adversarially robust models are susceptible to backdoor attacks. Subsequently, we observe that backdoors are reflected in the feature representation of such models. Then, this is leveraged to detect backdoor-infected models. Specifically, we use feature clustering to effectively detect backdoor-infected robust Deep Neural Networks (DNNs). <br>In our evaluation of major classification tasks, our approach effectively detects robust DNNs infected with backdoors. Our investigation reveals that salient features of adversarially robust DNNs break the stealthy nature of backdoor attacks. 
### 23.Triangle-Net: Towards Robustness in Point Cloud Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00856.pdf)
>  3D object recognition is becoming a key desired capability for many computer vision systems such as autonomous vehicles, service robots and surveillance drones to operate more effectively in unstructured environments. These real-time systems require effective classification methods that are robust to sampling resolution, measurement noise, and pose configuration of the objects. Previous research has shown that sparsity, rotation and positional variance of points can lead to a significant drop in the performance of point cloud based classification techniques. In this regard, we propose a novel approach for 3D classification that takes sparse point clouds as input and learns a model that is robust to rotational and positional variance as well as point sparsity. To this end, we introduce new feature descriptors which are fed as an input to our proposed neural network in order to learn a robust latent representation of the 3D object. We show that such latent representations can significantly improve the performance of object classification and retrieval. Further, we show that our approach outperforms PointNet and 3DmFV by 34.4% and 27.4% respectively in classification tasks using sparse point clouds of only 16 points under arbitrary SO(3) rotation. 
### 24.Deep Learning on Radar Centric 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00851.pdf)
>  Even though many existing 3D object detection algorithms rely mostly on camera and LiDAR, camera and LiDAR are prone to be affected by harsh weather and lighting conditions. On the other hand, radar is resistant to such conditions. However, research has found only recently to apply deep neural networks on radar data. In this paper, we introduce a deep learning approach to 3D object detection with radar only. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first ones to demonstrate a deep learning-based 3D object detection model with radar only that was trained on the public radar dataset. To overcome the lack of radar labeled data, we propose a novel way of making use of abundant LiDAR data by transforming it into radar-like point cloud data and aggressive radar augmentation techniques. 
### 25.Learning to Deblur and Generate High Frame Rate Video with an Event Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00847.pdf)
>  Event cameras are bio-inspired cameras which can measure the change of intensity asynchronously with high temporal resolution. One of the event cameras' advantages is that they do not suffer from motion blur when recording high-speed scenes. In this paper, we formulate the deblurring task on traditional cameras directed by events to be a residual learning one, and we propose corresponding network architectures for effective learning of deblurring and high frame rate video generation tasks. We first train a modified U-Net network to restore a sharp image from a blurry image using corresponding events. Then we train another similar network with different downsampling blocks to generate high frame rate video using the restored sharp image and events. Experiment results show that our method can restore sharper images and videos than state-of-the-art methods. 
### 26.FPGA Implementation of Minimum Mean Brightness Error Bi-Histogram Equalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00840.pdf)
>  Histogram Equalization (HE) is a popular method for contrast enhancement. Generally, mean brightness is not conserved in Histogram Equalization. Initially, Bi-Histogram Equalization (BBHE) was proposed to enhance contrast while maintaining a the mean brightness. However, when mean brightness is primary concern, Minimum Mean Brightness Error Bi-Histogram Equalization (MMBEBHE) is the best technique. There are several implementations of Histogram Equalization on FPGA, however to our knowledge MMBEBHE has not been implemented on FPGAs before. Therefore, we present an implementation of MMBEBHE on FPGA. 
### 27.A Machine Learning Framework for Data Ingestion in Document Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00838.pdf)
>  Paper documents are widely used as an irreplaceable channel of information in many fields, especially in financial industry, fostering a great amount of demand for systems which can convert document images into structured data representations. In this paper, we present a machine learning framework for data ingestion in document images, which processes the images uploaded by users and return fine-grained data in JSON format. Details of model architectures, design strategies, distinctions with existing solutions and lessons learned during development are elaborated. We conduct abundant experiments on both synthetic and real-world data in State Street. The experimental results indicate the effectiveness and efficiency of our methods. 
### 28.On Parameter Tuning in Meta-learning for Computer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00837.pdf)
>  Learning to learn plays a pivotal role in meta-learning (MTL) to obtain an optimal learning model. In this paper, we investigate mage recognition for unseen categories of a given dataset with limited training information. We deploy a zero-shot learning (ZSL) algorithm to achieve this goal. We also explore the effect of parameter tuning on performance of semantic auto-encoder (SAE). We further address the parameter tuning problem for meta-learning, especially focusing on zero-shot learning. By combining different embedded parameters, we improved the accuracy of tuned-SAE. Advantages and disadvantages of parameter tuning and its application in image classification are also explored. 
### 29.Marine life through You Only Look Once's perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00836.pdf)
>  With the rise of focus on man made changes to our planet and wildlife therein, more and more emphasis is put on sustainable and responsible gathering of resources. In an effort to preserve maritime wildlife the Norwegian government has decided that it is necessary to create an overview over the presence and abundance of various species of wildlife in the Norwegian fjords and oceans. In this paper we apply and analyze an object detection scheme that detects fish in camera images. The data is sampled from a submerged data station at Fulehuk in Norway. We implement You Only Look Once (YOLO) version 3 and create a dataset consisting of 99,961 images with a mAP of $\sim 0.88$. We also investigate intermediate results within YOLO, gaining insight into how it performs object detection. 
### 30.Deep Variational Luenberger-type Observer for Stochastic Video Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00835.pdf)
>  Considering the inherent stochasticity and uncertainty, predicting future video frames is exceptionally challenging. In this work, we study the problem of video prediction by combining interpretability of stochastic state space models and representation learning of deep neural networks. Our model builds upon an variational encoder which transforms the input video into a latent feature space and a Luenberger-type observer which captures the dynamic evolution of the latent features. This enables the decomposition of videos into static features and dynamics in an unsupervised manner. By deriving the stability theory of the nonlinear Luenberger-type observer, the hidden states in the feature space become insensitive with respect to the initial values, which improves the robustness of the overall model. Furthermore, the variational lower bound on the data log-likelihood can be derived to obtain the tractable posterior prediction distribution based on the variational principle. Finally, the experiments such as the Bouncing Balls dataset and the Pendulum dataset are provided to demonstrate the proposed model outperforms concurrent works. 
### 31.CALVIS: chest, waist and pelvis circumference from 3D human body meshes as ground truth for deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00834.pdf)
>  In this paper we present CALVIS, a method to calculate $\textbf{C}$hest, w$\textbf{A}$ist and pe$\textbf{LVIS}$ circumference from 3D human body meshes. Our motivation is to use this data as ground truth for training convolutional neural networks (CNN). Previous work had used the large scale CAESAR dataset or determined these anthropometrical measurements $\textit{manually}$ from a person or human 3D body meshes. Unfortunately, acquiring these data is a cost and time consuming endeavor. In contrast, our method can be used on 3D meshes automatically. We synthesize eight human body meshes and apply CALVIS to calculate chest, waist and pelvis circumference. We evaluate the results qualitatively and observe that the measurements can indeed be used to estimate the shape of a person. We then asses the plausibility of our approach by generating ground truth with CALVIS to train a small CNN. After having trained the network with our data, we achieve competitive validation error. Furthermore, we make the implementation of CALVIS publicly available to advance the field. 
### 32.CNN Hyperparameter tuning applied to Iris Liveness Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00833.pdf)
>  The iris pattern has significantly improved the biometric recognition field due to its high level of stability and uniqueness. Such physical feature has played an important role in security and other related areas. However, presentation attacks, also known as spoofing techniques, can be used to bypass the biometric system with artifacts such as printed images, artificial eyes, and textured contact lenses. To improve the security of these systems, many liveness detection methods have been proposed, and the first Internacional Iris Liveness Detection competition was launched in 2013 to evaluate their effectiveness. In this paper, we propose a hyperparameter tuning of the CASIA algorithm, submitted by the Chinese Academy of Sciences to the third competition of Iris Liveness Detection, in 2017. The modifications proposed promoted an overall improvement, with an 8.48% Attack Presentation Classification Error Rate (APCER) and 0.18% Bonafide Presentation Classification Error Rate (BPCER) for the evaluation of the combined datasets. Other threshold values were evaluated in an attempt to reduce the trade-off between the APCER and the BPCER on the evaluated datasets and worked out successfully. 
### 33.An End-to-End Visual-Audio Attention Network for Emotion Recognition in User-Generated Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00832.pdf)
>  Emotion recognition in user-generated videos plays an important role in human-centered computing. Existing methods mainly employ traditional two-stage shallow pipeline, i.e. extracting visual and/or audio features and training classifiers. In this paper, we propose to recognize video emotions in an end-to-end manner based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Specifically, we develop a deep Visual-Audio Attention Network (VAANet), a novel architecture that integrates spatial, channel-wise, and temporal attentions into a visual 3D CNN and temporal attentions into an audio 2D CNN. Further, we design a special classification loss, i.e. polarity-consistent cross-entropy loss, based on the polarity-emotion hierarchy constraint to guide the attention generation. Extensive experiments conducted on the challenging VideoEmotion-8 and Ekman-6 datasets demonstrate that the proposed VAANet outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches for video emotion recognition. Our source code is released at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/maysonma/VAANet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 34.Character Segmentation in Asian Collector's Seal Imprints: An Attempt to Retrieval Based on Ancient Character Typeface  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00831.pdf)
>  Collector's seals provide important clues about the ownership of a book. They contain much information pertaining to the essential elements of ancient materials and also show the details of possession, its relation to the book, the identity of the collectors and their social status and wealth, amongst others. Asian collectors have typically used artistic ancient characters rather than modern ones to make their seals. In addition to the owner's name, several other words are used to express more profound meanings. A system that automatically recognizes these characters can help enthusiasts and professionals better understand the background information of these seals. However, there is a lack of training data and labelled images, as samples of some seals are scarce and most of them are degraded images. It is necessary to find new ways to make full use of such scarce data. While these data are available online, they do not contain information on the characters'position. The goal of this research is to provide retrieval tools assist in obtaining more information from Asian collector's seals imprints without consuming a lot of computational resources. In this paper, a character segmentation method is proposed to predict the candidate characters'area without any labelled training data that contain character coordinate information. A retrieval-based recognition system that focuses on a single character is also proposed to support seal retrieval and matching. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed character segmentation method performs well on Asian collector's seals, with 92% of the test data being correctly segmented. 
### 35.GSANet: Semantic Segmentation with Global and Selective Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00830.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel deep learning architecture for semantic segmentation. The proposed Global and Selective Attention Network (GSANet) features Atrous Spatial Pyramid Pooling (ASPP) with a novel sparsemax global attention and a novel selective attention that deploys a condensation and diffusion mechanism to aggregate the multi-scale contextual information from the extracted deep features. A selective attention decoder is also proposed to process the GSA-ASPP outputs for optimizing the softmax volume. We are the first to benchmark the performance of semantic segmentation networks with the low-complexity feature extraction network (FXN) MobileNetEdge, that is optimized for low latency on edge devices. We show that GSANet can result in more accurate segmentation with MobileNetEdge, as well as with strong FXNs, such as Xception. GSANet improves the state-of-art semantic segmentation accuracy on both the ADE20k and the Cityscapes datasets. 
### 36.Verifying Deep Learning-based Decisions for Facial Expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00828.pdf)
>  Neural networks with high performance can still be biased towards non-relevant features. However, reliability and robustness is especially important for high-risk fields such as clinical pain treatment. We therefore propose a verification pipeline, which consists of three steps. First, we classify facial expressions with a neural network. Next, we apply layer-wise relevance propagation to create pixel-based explanations. Finally, we quantify these visual explanations based on a bounding-box method with respect to facial regions. Although our results show that the neural network achieves state-of-the-art results, the evaluation of the visual explanations reveals that relevant facial regions may not be considered. 
### 37.CheXclusion: Fairness gaps in deep chest X-ray classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00827.pdf)
>  Machine learning systems have received much attention recently for their ability to achieve expert-level performance on clinical tasks, particularly in medical imaging. Here, we examine the extent to which state-of-the-art deep learning classifiers trained to yield diagnostic labels from X-ray images are biased with respect to protected attributes. We train convolution neural networks to predict 14 diagnostic labels in three prominent public chest X-ray datasets: MIMIC-CXR, Chest-Xray8, and CheXpert. We then evaluate the TPR disparity - the difference in true positive rates (TPR) and - underdiagnosis rate - the false positive rate of a non-diagnosis - among different protected attributes such as patient sex, age, race, and insurance type. We demonstrate that TPR disparities exist in the state-of-the-art classifiers in all datasets, for all clinical tasks, and all subgroups. We find that TPR disparities are most commonly not significantly correlated with a subgroup's proportional disease burden; further, we find that some subgroups and subsection of the population are chronically underdiagnosed. Such performance disparities have real consequences as models move from papers to products, and should be carefully audited prior to deployment. 
### 38.Realistic River Image Synthesis using Deep Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00826.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate an application of image generation for river satellite imagery. Specifically, we propose a generative adversarial network (GAN) model capable of generating high-resolution and realistic river images that can be used to support models in surface water estimation, river meandering, wetland loss and other hydrological research studies. First, we summarized an augmented, diverse repository of overhead river images to be used in training. Second, we incorporate the Progressive Growing GAN (PGGAN), a network architecture that iteratively trains smaller-resolution GANs to gradually build up to a very high resolution, to generate 256x256 river satellite imagery. With conventional GAN architectures, difficulties soon arise in terms of exponential increase of training time and vanishing/exploding gradient issues, which the PGGAN implementation seems to significantly reduce. Our preliminary results show great promise in capturing the detail of river flow and green areas present in river satellite images that can be used for supporting hydroinformatics studies. 
### 39.SIP-SegNet: A Deep Convolutional Encoder-Decoder Network for Joint Semantic Segmentation and Extraction of Sclera, Iris and Pupil based on Periocular Region Suppression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00825.pdf)
>  The current developments in the field of machine vision have opened new vistas towards deploying multimodal biometric recognition systems in various real-world applications. These systems have the ability to deal with the limitations of unimodal biometric systems which are vulnerable to spoofing, noise, non-universality and intra-class variations. In addition, the ocular traits among various biometric traits are preferably used in these recognition systems. Such systems possess high distinctiveness, permanence, and performance while, technologies based on other biometric traits (fingerprints, voice etc.) can be easily compromised. This work presents a novel deep learning framework called SIP-SegNet, which performs the joint semantic segmentation of ocular traits (sclera, iris and pupil) in unconstrained scenarios with greater accuracy. The acquired images under these scenarios exhibit purkinje reflexes, specular reflections, eye gaze, off-angle shots, low resolution, and various occlusions particularly by eyelids and eyelashes. To address these issues, SIP-SegNet begins with denoising the pristine image using denoising convolutional neural network (DnCNN), followed by reflection removal and image enhancement based on contrast limited adaptive histogram equalization (CLAHE). Our proposed framework then extracts the periocular information using adaptive thresholding and employs the fuzzy filtering technique to suppress this information. Finally, the semantic segmentation of sclera, iris and pupil is achieved using the densely connected fully convolutional encoder-decoder network. We used five CASIA datasets to evaluate the performance of SIP-SegNet based on various evaluation metrics. The simulation results validate the optimal segmentation of the proposed SIP-SegNet, with the mean f1 scores of 93.35, 95.11 and 96.69 for the sclera, iris and pupil classes respectively. 
### 40.Multi-Scale Representation Learning for Spatial Feature Distributions using Grid Cells  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00824.pdf)
>  Unsupervised text encoding models have recently fueled substantial progress in NLP. The key idea is to use neural networks to convert words in texts to vector space representations based on word positions in a sentence and their contexts, which are suitable for end-to-end training of downstream tasks. We see a strikingly similar situation in spatial analysis, which focuses on incorporating both absolute positions and spatial contexts of geographic objects such as POIs into models. A general-purpose representation model for space is valuable for a multitude of tasks. However, no such general model exists to date beyond simply applying discretization or feed-forward nets to coordinates, and little effort has been put into jointly modeling distributions with vastly different characteristics, which commonly emerges from GIS data. Meanwhile, Nobel Prize-winning Neuroscience research shows that grid cells in mammals provide a multi-scale periodic representation that functions as a metric for location encoding and is critical for recognizing places and for path-integration. Therefore, we propose a representation learning model called Space2Vec to encode the absolute positions and spatial relationships of places. We conduct experiments on two real-world geographic data for two different tasks: 1) predicting types of POIs given their positions and context, 2) image classification leveraging their geo-locations. Results show that because of its multi-scale representations, Space2Vec outperforms well-established ML approaches such as RBF kernels, multi-layer feed-forward nets, and tile embedding approaches for location modeling and image classification tasks. Detailed analysis shows that all baselines can at most well handle distribution at one scale but show poor performances in other scales. In contrast, Space2Vec's multi-scale representation can handle distributions at different scales. 
### 41.Breast Cancer Histopathology Image Classification and Localization using Multiple Instance Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00823.pdf)
>  Breast cancer has the highest mortality among cancers in women. Computer-aided pathology to analyze microscopic histopathology images for diagnosis with an increasing number of breast cancer patients can bring the cost and delays of diagnosis down. Deep learning in histopathology has attracted attention over the last decade of achieving state-of-the-art performance in classification and localization tasks. The convolutional neural network, a deep learning framework, provides remarkable results in tissue images analysis, but lacks in providing interpretation and reasoning behind the decisions. We aim to provide a better interpretation of classification results by providing localization on microscopic histopathology images. We frame the image classification problem as weakly supervised multiple instance learning problem where an image is collection of patches i.e. instances. Attention-based multiple instance learning (A-MIL) learns attention on the patches from the image to localize the malignant and normal regions in an image and use them to classify the image. We present classification and localization results on two publicly available BreakHIS and BACH dataset. The classification and visualization results are compared with other recent techniques. The proposed method achieves better localization results without compromising classification accuracy. 
### 42.MADAN: Multi-source Adversarial Domain Aggregation Network for Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00820.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation aims to learn a transferable model to bridge the domain shift between one labeled source domain and another sparsely labeled or unlabeled target domain. Since the labeled data may be collected from multiple sources, multi-source domain adaptation (MDA) has attracted increasing attention. Recent MDA methods do not consider the pixel-level alignment between sources and target or the misalignment across different sources. In this paper, we propose a novel MDA framework to address these challenges. Specifically, we design an end-to-end Multi-source Adversarial Domain Aggregation Network (MADAN). First, an adapted domain is generated for each source with dynamic semantic consistency while aligning towards the target at the pixel-level cycle-consistently. Second, sub-domain aggregation discriminator and cross-domain cycle discriminator are proposed to make different adapted domains more closely aggregated. Finally, feature-level alignment is performed between the aggregated domain and the target domain while training the task network. For the segmentation adaptation, we further enforce category-level alignment and incorporate context-aware generation, which constitutes MADAN+. We conduct extensive MDA experiments on digit recognition, object classification, and simulation-to-real semantic segmentation. The results demonstrate that the proposed MADAN and MANDA+ models outperform state-of-the-art approaches by a large margin. 
### 43.Recognizing Handwritten Mathematical Expressions as LaTex Sequences Using a Multiscale Robust Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00817.pdf)
>  In this paper, a robust multiscale neural network is proposed to recognize handwritten mathematical expressions and output LaTeX sequences, which can effectively and correctly focus on where each step of output should be concerned and has a positive effect on analyzing the two-dimensional structure of handwritten mathematical expressions and identifying different mathematical symbols in a long expression. With the addition of visualization, the model's recognition process is shown in detail. In addition, our model achieved 49.459% and 46.062% ExpRate on the public CROHME 2014 and CROHME 2016 datasets. The present model results suggest that the state-of-the-art model has better robustness, fewer errors, and higher accuracy. 
### 44.Deepfakes for Medical Video De-Identification: Privacy Protection and Diagnostic Information Preservation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00813.pdf)
>  Data sharing for medical research has been difficult as open-sourcing clinical data may violate patient privacy. Traditional methods for face de-identification wipe out facial information entirely, making it impossible to analyze facial behavior. Recent advancements on whole-body keypoints detection also rely on facial input to estimate body keypoints. Both facial and body keypoints are critical in some medical diagnoses, and keypoints invariability after de-identification is of great importance. Here, we propose a solution using deepfake technology, the face swapping technique. While this swapping method has been criticized for invading privacy and portraiture right, it could conversely protect privacy in medical video: patients' faces could be swapped to a proper target face and become unrecognizable. However, it remained an open question that to what extent the swapping de-identification method could affect the automatic detection of body keypoints. In this study, we apply deepfake technology to Parkinson's disease examination videos to de-identify subjects, and quantitatively show that: face-swapping as a de-identification approach is reliable, and it keeps the keypoints almost invariant, significantly better than traditional methods. This study proposes a pipeline for video de-identification and keypoint preservation, clearing up some ethical restrictions for medical data sharing. This work could make open-source high quality medical video datasets more feasible and promote future medical research that benefits our society. 
### 45.Medicine Strip Identification using 2-D Cepstral Feature Extraction and Multiclass Classification Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00810.pdf)
>  Misclassification of medicine is perilous to the health of a patient, more so if the said patient is visually impaired or simply did not recognize the color, shape or type of medicine strip. This paper proposes a method for identification of medicine strips by 2-D cepstral analysis of their images followed by performing classification that has been done using the K-Nearest Neighbor (KNN), Support Vector Machine (SVM) and Logistic Regression (LR) Classifiers. The 2-D cepstral features extracted are extremely distinct to a medicine strip and consequently make identifying them exceptionally accurate. This paper also proposes the Color Gradient and Pill shape Feature (CGPF) extraction procedure and discusses the Binary Robust Invariant Scalable Keypoints (BRISK) algorithm as well. The mentioned algorithms were implemented and their identification results have been compared. 
### 46.Vision based body gesture meta features for Affective Computing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00809.pdf)
>  Early detection of psychological distress is key to effective treatment. Automatic detection of distress, such as depression, is an active area of research. Current approaches utilise vocal, facial, and bodily modalities. Of these, the bodily modality is the least investigated, partially due to the difficulty in extracting bodily representations from videos, and partially due to the lack of viable datasets. Existing body modality approaches use automatic categorization of expressions to represent body language as a series of specific expressions, much like words within natural language. In this dissertation I present a new type of feature, within the body modality, that represents meta information of gestures, such as speed, and use it to predict a non-clinical depression label. This differs to existing work by representing overall behaviour as a small set of aggregated meta features derived from a person's movement. In my method I extract pose estimation from videos, detect gestures within body parts, extract meta information from individual gestures, and finally aggregate these features to generate a small feature vector for use in prediction tasks. I introduce a new dataset of 65 video recordings of interviews with self-evaluated distress, personality, and demographic labels. This dataset enables the development of features utilising the whole body in distress detection tasks. I evaluate my newly introduced meta-features for predicting depression, anxiety, perceived stress, somatic stress, five standard personality measures, and gender. A linear regression based classifier using these features achieves a 82.70% F1 score for predicting depression within my novel dataset. 
### 47.A Convolutional Baseline for Person Re-Identification Using Vision and Language Descriptions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00808.pdf)
>  Classical person re-identification approaches assume that a person of interest has appeared across different cameras and can be queried by one of the existing images. However, in real-world surveillance scenarios, frequently no visual information will be available about the queried person. In such scenarios, a natural language description of the person by a witness will provide the only source of information for retrieval. In this work, person re-identification using both vision and language information is addressed under all possible gallery and query scenarios. A two stream deep convolutional neural network framework supervised by cross entropy loss is presented. The weights connecting the second last layer to the last layer with class probabilities, i.e., logits of softmax layer are shared in both networks. Canonical Correlation Analysis is performed to enhance the correlation between the two modalities in a joint latent embedding space. To investigate the benefits of the proposed approach, a new testing protocol under a multi modal ReID setting is proposed for the test split of the CUHK-PEDES and CUHK-SYSU benchmarks. The experimental results verify the merits of the proposed system. The learnt visual representations are more robust and perform 22\% better during retrieval as compared to a single modality system. The retrieval with a multi modal query greatly enhances the re-identification capability of the system quantitatively as well as qualitatively. 
### 48.Firearm Detection and Segmentation Using an Ensemble of Semantic Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00805.pdf)
>  In recent years we have seen an upsurge in terror attacks around the world. Such attacks usually happen in public places with large crowds to cause the most damage possible and get the most attention. Even though surveillance cameras are assumed to be a powerful tool, their effect in preventing crime is far from clear due to either limitation in the ability of humans to vigilantly monitor video surveillance or for the simple reason that they are operating passively. In this paper, we present a weapon detection system based on an ensemble of semantic Convolutional Neural Networks that decomposes the problem of detecting and locating a weapon into a set of smaller problems concerned with the individual component parts of a weapon. This approach has computational and practical advantages: a set of simpler neural networks dedicated to specific tasks requires less computational resources and can be trained in parallel; the overall output of the system given by the aggregation of the outputs of individual networks can be tuned by a user to trade-off false positives and false negatives; finally, according to ensemble theory, the output of the overall system will be robust and reliable even in the presence of weak individual models. We evaluated our system running simulations aimed at assessing the accuracy of individual networks and the whole system. The results on synthetic data and real-world data are promising, and they suggest that our approach may have advantages compared to the monolithic approach based on a single deep convolutional neural network. 
### 49.Task Augmentation by Rotating for Meta-Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00804.pdf)
>  Data augmentation is one of the most effective approaches for improving the accuracy of modern machine learning models, and it is also indispensable to train a deep model for meta-learning. In this paper, we introduce a task augmentation method by rotating, which increases the number of classes by rotating the original images 90, 180 and 270 degrees, different from traditional augmentation methods which increase the number of images. With a larger amount of classes, we can sample more diverse task instances during training. Therefore, task augmentation by rotating allows us to train a deep network by meta-learning methods with little over-fitting. Experimental results show that our approach is better than the rotation for increasing the number of images and achieves state-of-the-art performance on miniImageNet, CIFAR-FS, and FC100 few-shot learning benchmarks. The code is available on \url{<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.github.com/AceChuse/TaskLevelAug" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>}. 
### 50.Hypernetwork approach to generating point clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00802.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a novel method for generating 3D point clouds that leverage properties of hyper networks. Contrary to the existing methods that learn only the representation of a 3D object, our approach simultaneously finds a representation of the object and its 3D surface. The main idea of our HyperCloud method is to build a hyper network that returns weights of a particular neural network (target network) trained to map points from a uniform unit ball distribution into a 3D shape. As a consequence, a particular 3D shape can be generated using point-by-point sampling from the assumed prior distribution and transforming sampled points with the target network. Since the hyper network is based on an auto-encoder architecture trained to reconstruct realistic 3D shapes, the target network weights can be considered a parametrization of the surface of a 3D shape, and not a standard representation of point cloud usually returned by competitive approaches. The proposed architecture allows finding mesh-based representation of 3D objects in a generative manner while providing point clouds en pair in quality with the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 51.Real-Time target detection in maritime scenarios based on YOLOv3 model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00800.pdf)
>  In this work a novel ships dataset is proposed consisting of more than 56k images of marine vessels collected by means of web-scraping and including 12 ship categories. A YOLOv3 single-stage detector based on Keras API is built on top of this dataset. Current results on four categories (cargo ship, naval ship, oil ship and tug ship) show Average Precision up to 96% for Intersection over Union (IoU) of 0.5 and satisfactory detection performances up to IoU of 0.8. A Data Analytics GUI service based on QT framework and Darknet-53 engine is also implemented in order to simplify the deployment process and analyse massive amount of images even for people without Data Science expertise. 
### 52.Preventing Clean Label Poisoning using Gaussian Mixture Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00798.pdf)
>  Since 2014 when Szegedy et al. showed that carefully designed perturbations of the input can lead Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) to wrongly classify its label, there has been an ongoing research to make DNNs more robust to such malicious perturbations. In this work, we consider a poisoning attack called Clean Labeling poisoning attack (CLPA). The goal of CLPA is to inject seemingly benign instances which can drastically change decision boundary of the DNNs due to which subsequent queries at test time can be mis-classified. We argue that a strong defense against CLPA can be embedded into the model during the training by imposing features of the network to follow a Large Margin Gaussian Mixture distribution in the penultimate layer. By having such a prior knowledge, we can systematically evaluate how unusual the example is, given the label it is claiming to be. We demonstrate our builtin defense via experiments on MNIST and CIFAR datasets. We train two models on each dataset: one trained via softmax, another via LGM. We show that using LGM can substantially reduce the effectiveness of CLPA while having no additional overhead of data sanitization. The code to reproduce our results is available online. 
### 53.Identity Recognition in Intelligent Cars with Behavioral Data and LSTM-ResNet Classifier  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00770.pdf)
>  Identity recognition in a car cabin is a critical task nowadays and offers a great field of applications ranging from personalizing intelligent cars to suit drivers physical and behavioral needs to increasing safety and security. However, the performance and applicability of published approaches are still not suitable for use in series cars and need to be improved. In this paper, we investigate Human Identity Recognition in a car cabin with Time Series Classification (TSC) and deep neural networks. We use gas and brake pedal pressure as input to our models. This data is easily collectable during driving in everyday situations. Since our classifiers have very little memory requirements and do not require any input data preproccesing, we were able to train on one Intel i5-3210M processor only. Our classification approach is based on a combination of LSTM and ResNet. The network trained on a subset of NUDrive outperforms the ResNet and LSTM models trained solely by 35.9 % and 53.85 % accuracy respectively. We reach a final accuracy of 79.49 % on a 10-drivers subset of NUDrive and 96.90 % on a 5-drivers subset of UTDrive. 
### 54.Unsupervised Learning of Depth, Optical Flow and Pose with Occlusion from 3D Geometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00766.pdf)
>  In autonomous driving, monocular sequences contain lots of information. Monocular depth estimation, camera ego-motion estimation and optical flow estimation in consecutive frames are high-profile concerns recently. By analyzing tasks above, pixels in the first frame are modeled into three parts: the rigid region, the non-rigid region, and the occluded region. In joint unsupervised training of depth and pose, we can segment the occluded region explicitly. The occlusion information is used in unsupervised learning of depth, pose and optical flow, as the image reconstructed by depth, pose and flow will be invalid in occluded regions. A less-than-mean mask is designed to further exclude the mismatched pixels which are interfered with motion or illumination change in the training of depth and pose networks. This method is also used to exclude some trivial mismatched pixels in the training of the flow net. Maximum normalization is proposed for smoothness term of depth-pose networks to restrain degradation in textureless regions. In the occluded region, as depth and camera motion can provide more reliable motion estimation, they can be used to instruct unsupervised learning of flow. Our experiments in KITTI dataset demonstrate that the model based on three regions, full and explicit segmentation of occlusion, rigid region and non-rigid region with corresponding unsupervised losses can improve performance on three tasks significantly. 
### 55.Learning Depth via Interaction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00752.pdf)
>  Motivated by the astonishing capabilities of natural intelligent agents and inspired by theories from psychology, this paper explores the idea that perception gets coupled to 3D properties of the world via interaction with the environment. Existing works for depth estimation require either massive amounts of annotated training data or some form of hard-coded geometrical constraint. This paper explores a new approach to learning depth perception requiring neither of those. Specifically, we train a specialized global-local network architecture with what would be available to a robot interacting with the environment: from extremely sparse depth measurements down to even a single pixel per image. From a pair of consecutive images, our proposed network outputs a latent representation of the observer's motion between the images and a dense depth map. Experiments on several datasets show that, when ground truth is available even for just one of the image pixels, the proposed network can learn monocular dense depth estimation up to 22.5% more accurately than state-of-the-art approaches. We believe that this work, despite its scientific interest, lays the foundations to learn depth from extremely sparse supervision, which can be valuable to all robotic systems acting under severe bandwidth or sensing constraints. 
### 56.Long Short-Term Sample Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00739.pdf)
>  In the past decade, there has been substantial progress at training increasingly deep neural networks. Recent advances within the teacher--student training paradigm have established that information about past training updates show promise as a source of guidance during subsequent training steps. Based on this notion, in this paper, we propose Long Short-Term Sample Distillation, a novel training policy that simultaneously leverages multiple phases of the previous training process to guide the later training updates to a neural network, while efficiently proceeding in just one single generation pass. With Long Short-Term Sample Distillation, the supervision signal for each sample is decomposed into two parts: a long-term signal and a short-term one. The long-term teacher draws on snapshots from several epochs ago in order to provide steadfast guidance and to guarantee teacher--student differences, while the short-term one yields more up-to-date cues with the goal of enabling higher-quality updates. Moreover, the teachers for each sample are unique, such that, overall, the model learns from a very diverse set of teachers. Comprehensive experimental results across a range of vision and NLP tasks demonstrate the effectiveness of this new training method. 
### 57.Towards Unconstrained Palmprint Recognition on Consumer Devices: a Literature Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00737.pdf)
>  As a biometric palmprints have been largely under-utilized, but they offer some advantages over fingerprints and facial biometrics. Recent improvements in imaging capabilities on handheld and wearable consumer devices have re-awakened interest in the use fo palmprints. The aim of this paper is to provide a comprehensive review of state-of-the-art methods for palmprint recognition including Region of Interest extraction methods, feature extraction approaches and matching algorithms along with overview of available palmprint datasets in order to understand the latest trends and research dynamics in the palmprint recognition field. 
### 58.A-TVSNet: Aggregated Two-View Stereo Network for Multi-View Stereo Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00711.pdf)
>  We propose a learning-based network for depth map estimation from multi-view stereo (MVS) images. Our proposed network consists of three sub-networks: 1) a base network for initial depth map estimation from an unstructured stereo image pair, 2) a novel refinement network that leverages both photometric and geometric information, and 3) an attentional multi-view aggregation framework that enables efficient information exchange and integration among different stereo image pairs. The proposed network, called A-TVSNet, is evaluated on various MVS datasets and shows the ability to produce high quality depth map that outperforms competing approaches. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/daiszh/A-TVSNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 59.Learned Enrichment of Top-View Grid Maps Improves Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00710.pdf)
>  We propose an object detector for top-view grid maps which is additionally trained to generate an enriched version of its input. Our goal in the joint model is to improve generalization by regularizing towards structural knowledge in form of a map fused from multiple adjacent range sensor measurements. This training data can be generated in an automatic fashion, thus does not require manual annotations. We present an evidential framework to generate training data, investigate different model architectures and show that predicting enriched inputs as an additional task can improve object detection performance. 
### 60.Unbiased Mean Teacher for Cross Domain Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00707.pdf)
>  Cross domain object detection is challenging, because object detection model is often vulnerable to data variance, especially to the considerable domain shift in cross domain scenarios. In this paper, we propose a new approach called Unbiased Mean Teacher (UMT) for cross domain object detection. While the simple mean teacher (MT) model exhibits good robustness to small data variance, it can also become easily biased in cross domain scenarios. We thus improve it with several simple yet highly effective strategies. In particular, we firstly propose a novel cross domain distillation for MT to maximally exploit the expertise of the teacher model. Then, we further alleviate the bias in the student model by augmenting training samples with pixel-level adaptation. The feature level adversarial training is also incorporated to learn domain-invariant representation. Those strategies can be implemented easily into MT and leads to our unbiased MT model. Our model surpasses the existing state-of-the-art models in large margins on benchmark datasets, which demonstrates the effectiveness of our approach. 
### 61.GPU-Accelerated Mobile Multi-view Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00706.pdf)
>  An estimated 60% of smartphones sold in 2018 were equipped with multiple rear cameras, enabling a wide variety of 3D-enabled applications such as 3D Photos. The success of 3D Photo platforms (Facebook 3D Photo, Holopix, etc) depend on a steady influx of user generated content. These platforms must provide simple image manipulation tools to facilitate content creation, akin to traditional photo platforms. Artistic neural style transfer, propelled by recent advancements in GPU technology, is one such tool for enhancing traditional photos. However, naively extrapolating single-view neural style transfer to the multi-view scenario produces visually inconsistent results and is prohibitively slow on mobile devices. We present a GPU-accelerated multi-view style transfer pipeline which enforces style consistency between views with on-demand performance on mobile platforms. Our pipeline is modular and creates high quality depth and parallax effects from a stereoscopic image pair. 
### 62.Relational Deep Feature Learning for Heterogeneous Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00697.pdf)
>  Heterogeneous Face Recognition (HFR) is a task that matches faces across two different domains such as VIS (visible light), NIR (near-infrared), or the sketch domain. In contrast to face recognition in visual spectrum, because of the domain discrepancy, this task requires to extract domain-invariant feature or common space projection learning. To bridge this domain gap, we propose a graph-structured module that focuses on facial relational information to reduce the fundamental differences in domain characteristics. Since relational information is domain independent, our Relational Graph Module (RGM) performs relation modeling from node vectors that represent facial components such as lips, nose, and chin. Propagation of the generated relational graph then reduces the domain difference by transitioning from spatially correlated CNN (convolutional neural network) features to inter-dependent relational features. In addition, we propose a Node Attention Unit (NAU) that performs node-wise recalibration to focus on the more informative nodes arising from the relation-based propagation. Furthermore, we suggest a novel conditional-margin loss function (C-Softmax) for efficient projection learning on the common latent space of the embedding vector. Our module can be plugged into any pre-trained face recognition network to help overcome the limitations of a small HFR database. <br>The proposed method shows superior performance on three different HFR databases CAISA NIR-VIS 2.0, IIIT-D Sketch, and BUAA-VisNir in various pre-trained networks. Furthermore, we explore our C-Softmax loss boosts HFR performance and also apply our loss to the large-scale visual face database LFW(Labeled Faces in Wild) by learning inter-class margins adaptively. 
### 63.Deep Image Spatial Transformation for Person Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00696.pdf)
>  Pose-guided person image generation is to transform a source person image to a target pose. This task requires spatial manipulations of source data. However, Convolutional Neural Networks are limited by lacking the ability to spatially transform the inputs. In this paper, we propose a differentiable global-flow local-attention framework to reassemble the inputs at the feature level. Specifically, our model first calculates the global correlations between sources and targets to predict flow fields. Then, the flowed local patch pairs are extracted from the feature maps to calculate the local attention coefficients. Finally, we warp the source features using a content-aware sampling method with the obtained local attention coefficients. The results of both subjective and objective experiments demonstrate the superiority of our model. Besides, additional results in video animation and view synthesis show that our model is applicable to other tasks requiring spatial transformation. Our source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/RenYurui/Global-Flow-Local-Attention" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 64.SketchGCN: Semantic Sketch Segmentation with Graph Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00678.pdf)
>  We introduce SketchGCN, a graph convolutional neural network for semantic segmentation and labeling of free-hand sketches. We treat an input sketch as a 2D pointset, and encode the stroke structure information into graph node/edge representations. To predict the per-point labels, our SketchGCN uses graph convolution and a global-local branching network architecture to extract both intra-stroke and inter-stroke features. SketchGCN significantly improves the accuracy of the state-of-the-art methods for semantic sketch segmentation (by 11.4% in the pixel-basedmetric and 18.2% in the component-based metric over a large-scale challenging SPG dataset) and has magnitudes fewer parameters than both image-based and sequence-based methods. 
### 65.Global Context-Aware Progressive Aggregation Network for Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00651.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks have achieved competitive performance in salient object detection, in which how to learn effective and comprehensive features plays a critical role. Most of the previous works mainly adopted multiple level feature integration yet ignored the gap between different features. Besides, there also exists a dilution process of high-level features as they passed on the top-down pathway. To remedy these issues, we propose a novel network named GCPANet to effectively integrate low-level appearance features, high-level semantic features, and global context features through some progressive context-aware Feature Interweaved Aggregation (FIA) modules and generate the saliency map in a supervised way. Moreover, a Head Attention (HA) module is used to reduce information redundancy and enhance the top layers features by leveraging the spatial and channel-wise attention, and the Self Refinement (SR) module is utilized to further refine and heighten the input features. Furthermore, we design the Global Context Flow (GCF) module to generate the global context information at different stages, which aims to learn the relationship among different salient regions and alleviate the dilution effect of high-level features. Experimental results on six benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed approach outperforms the state-of-the-art methods both quantitatively and qualitatively. 
### 66.VAE/WGAN-Based Image Representation Learning For Pose-Preserving Seamless Identity Replacement In Facial Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00641.pdf)
>  We present a novel variational generative adversarial network (VGAN) based on Wasserstein loss to learn a latent representation from a face image that is invariant to identity but preserves head-pose information. This facilitates synthesis of a realistic face image with the same head pose as a given input image, but with a different identity. One application of this network is in privacy-sensitive scenarios; after identity replacement in an image, utility, such as head pose, can still be recovered. Extensive experimental validation on synthetic and real human-face image datasets performed under 3 threat scenarios confirms the ability of the proposed network to preserve head pose of the input image, mask the input identity, and synthesize a good-quality realistic face image of a desired identity. We also show that our network can be used to perform pose-preserving identity morphing and identity-preserving pose morphing. The proposed method improves over a recent state-of-the-art method in terms of quantitative metrics as well as synthesized image quality. 
### 67.A Novel Recurrent Encoder-Decoder Structure for Large-Scale Multi-view Stereo Reconstruction from An Open Aerial Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00637.pdf)
>  A great deal of research has demonstrated recently that multi-view stereo (MVS) matching can be solved with deep learning methods. However, these efforts were focused on close-range objects and only a very few of the deep learning-based methods were specifically designed for large-scale 3D urban reconstruction due to the lack of multi-view aerial image benchmarks. In this paper, we present a synthetic aerial dataset, called the WHU dataset, we created for MVS tasks, which, to our knowledge, is the first large-scale multi-view aerial dataset. It was generated from a highly accurate 3D digital surface model produced from thousands of real aerial images with precise camera parameters. We also introduce in this paper a novel network, called RED-Net, for wide-range depth inference, which we developed from a recurrent encoder-decoder structure to regularize cost maps across depths and a 2D fully convolutional network as framework. RED-Net's low memory requirements and high performance make it suitable for large-scale and highly accurate 3D Earth surface reconstruction. Our experiments confirmed that not only did our method exceed the current state-of-the-art MVS methods by more than 50% mean absolute error (MAE) with less memory and computational cost, but its efficiency as well. It outperformed one of the best commercial software programs based on conventional methods, improving their efficiency 16 times over. Moreover, we proved that our RED-Net model pre-trained on the synthetic WHU dataset can be efficiently transferred to very different multi-view aerial image datasets without any fine-tuning. Dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://gpcv.whu.edu.cn/data" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 68.Matching Neuromorphic Events and Color Images via Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00636.pdf)
>  The event camera has appealing properties: high dynamic range, low latency, low power consumption and low memory usage, and thus provides complementariness to conventional frame-based cameras. It only captures the dynamics of a scene and is able to capture almost "continuous" motion. However, different from frame-based camera that reflects the whole appearance as scenes are, the event camera casts away the detailed characteristics of objects, such as texture and color. To take advantages of both modalities, the event camera and frame-based camera are combined together for various machine vision tasks. Then the cross-modal matching between neuromorphic events and color images plays a vital and essential role. In this paper, we propose the Event-Based Image Retrieval (EBIR) problem to exploit the cross-modal matching task. Given an event stream depicting a particular object as query, the aim is to retrieve color images containing the same object. This problem is challenging because there exists a large modality gap between neuromorphic events and color images. We address the EBIR problem by proposing neuromorphic Events-Color image Feature Learning (ECFL). Particularly, the adversarial learning is employed to jointly model neuromorphic events and color images into a common embedding space. We also contribute to the community N-UKbench and EC180 dataset to promote the development of EBIR problem. Extensive experiments on our datasets show that the proposed method is superior in learning effective modality-invariant representation to link two different modalities. 
### 69.Extremely Dense Point Correspondences using a Learned Feature Descriptor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00619.pdf)
>  High-quality 3D reconstructions from endoscopy video play an important role in many clinical applications, including surgical navigation where they enable direct video-CT registration. While many methods exist for general multi-view 3D reconstruction, these methods often fail to deliver satisfactory performance on endoscopic video. Part of the reason is that local descriptors that establish pair-wise point correspondences, and thus drive reconstruction, struggle when confronted with the texture-scarce surface of anatomy. Learning-based dense descriptors usually have larger receptive fields enabling the encoding of global information, which can be used to disambiguate matches. In this work, we present an effective self-supervised training scheme and novel loss design for dense descriptor learning. In direct comparison to recent local and dense descriptors on an in-house sinus endoscopy dataset, we demonstrate that our proposed dense descriptor can generalize to unseen patients and scopes, thereby largely improving the performance of Structure from Motion (SfM) in terms of model density and completeness. We also evaluate our method on a public dense optical flow dataset and a small-scale SfM public dataset to further demonstrate the effectiveness and generality of our method. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lppllppl920/DenseDescriptorLearning-Pytorch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 70.3D Point Cloud Processing and Learning for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00601.pdf)
>  We present a review of 3D point cloud processing and learning for autonomous driving. As one of the most important sensors in autonomous vehicles, light detection and ranging (LiDAR) sensors collect 3D point clouds that precisely record the external surfaces of objects and scenes. The tools for 3D point cloud processing and learning are critical to the map creation, localization, and perception modules in an autonomous vehicle. While much attention has been paid to data collected from cameras, such as images and videos, an increasing number of researchers have recognized the importance and significance of LiDAR in autonomous driving and have proposed processing and learning algorithms to exploit 3D point clouds. We review the recent progress in this research area and summarize what has been tried and what is needed for practical and safe autonomous vehicles. We also offer perspectives on open issues that are needed to be solved in the future. 
### 71.Rethinking Fully Convolutional Networks for the Analysis of Photoluminescence Wafer Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00594.pdf)
>  The manufacturing of light-emitting diodes is a complex semiconductor-manufacturing process, interspersed with different measurements. Among the employed measurements, photoluminescence imaging has several advantages, namely being a non-destructive, fast and thus cost-effective measurement. On a photoluminescence measurement image of an LED wafer, every pixel corresponds to an LED chip's brightness after photo-excitation, revealing chip performance information. However, generating a chip-fine defect map of the LED wafer, based on photoluminescence images, proves challenging for multiple reasons: on the one hand, the measured brightness values vary from image to image, in addition to local spots of differing brightness. On the other hand, certain defect structures may assume multiple shapes, sizes and brightness gradients, where salient brightness values may correspond to defective LED chips, measurement artefacts or non-defective structures. In this work, we revisit the creation of chip-fine defect maps using fully convolutional networks and show that the problem of segmenting objects at multiple scales can be improved by the incorporation of densely connected convolutional blocks and atrous spatial pyramid pooling modules. We also share implementation details and our experiences with training networks with small datasets of measurement images. The proposed architecture significantly improves the segmentation accuracy of highly variable defect structures over our previous version. 
### 72.Fast Lidar Clustering by Density and Connectivity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00575.pdf)
>  Lidar sensors are widely used in various applications, ranging from scientific fields over industrial use to integration in consumer products. With an ever growing number of different driver assistance systems, they have been introduced to automotive series production in recent years and are considered an important building block for the practical realisation of autonomous driving. However, due to the potentially large amount of Lidar points per scan, tailored algorithms are required to identify objects (e.g. pedestrians or vehicles) with high precision in a very short time. In this work, we propose an algorithmic approach for real-time instance segmentation of Lidar sensor data. We show how our method leverages the properties of the Euclidean distance to retain three-dimensional measurement information, while being narrowed down to a two-dimensional representation for fast computation. We further introduce what we call skip connections, to make our approach robust against over-segmentation and improve assignment in cases of partial occlusion. Through detailed evaluation on public data and comparison with established methods, we show how these aspects enable state-of-the-art performance and runtime on a single CPU core. 
### 73.The Sloop System for Individual Animal Identification with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00559.pdf)
>  The MIT Sloop system indexes and retrieves photographs from databases of non-stationary animal population distributions. To do this, it adaptively represents and matches generic visual feature representations using sparse relevance feedback from experts and crowds. Here, we describe the Sloop system and its application, then compare its approach to a standard deep learning formulation. We then show that priming with amplitude and deformation features requires very shallow networks to produce superior recognition results. Results suggest that relevance feedback, which enables Sloop's high-recall performance may also be essential for deep learning approaches to individual identification to deliver comparable results. 
### 74.Soft-Root-Sign Activation Function  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00547.pdf)
>  The choice of activation function in deep networks has a significant effect on the training dynamics and task performance. At present, the most effective and widely-used activation function is ReLU. However, because of the non-zero mean, negative missing and unbounded output, ReLU is at a potential disadvantage during optimization. To this end, we introduce a novel activation function to manage to overcome the above three challenges. The proposed nonlinearity, namely "Soft-Root-Sign" (SRS), is smooth, non-monotonic, and bounded. Notably, the bounded property of SRS distinguishes itself from most state-of-the-art activation functions. In contrast to ReLU, SRS can adaptively adjust the output by a pair of independent trainable parameters to capture negative information and provide zero-mean property, which leading not only to better generalization performance, but also to faster learning speed. It also avoids and rectifies the output distribution to be scattered in the non-negative real number space, making it more compatible with batch normalization (BN) and less sensitive to initialization. In experiments, we evaluated SRS on deep networks applied to a variety of tasks, including image classification, machine translation and generative modelling. Our SRS matches or exceeds models with ReLU and other state-of-the-art nonlinearities, showing that the proposed activation function is generalized and can achieve high performance across tasks. Ablation study further verified the compatibility with BN and self-adaptability for different initialization. 
### 75.ZoomNet: Part-Aware Adaptive Zooming Neural Network for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00529.pdf)
>  3D object detection is an essential task in autonomous driving and robotics. Though great progress has been made, challenges remain in estimating 3D pose for distant and occluded objects. In this paper, we present a novel framework named ZoomNet for stereo imagery-based 3D detection. The pipeline of ZoomNet begins with an ordinary 2D object detection model which is used to obtain pairs of left-right bounding boxes. To further exploit the abundant texture cues in RGB images for more accurate disparity estimation, we introduce a conceptually straight-forward module -- adaptive zooming, which simultaneously resizes 2D instance bounding boxes to a unified resolution and adjusts the camera intrinsic parameters accordingly. In this way, we are able to estimate higher-quality disparity maps from the resized box images then construct dense point clouds for both nearby and distant objects. Moreover, we introduce to learn part locations as complementary features to improve the resistance against occlusion and put forward the 3D fitting score to better estimate the 3D detection quality. Extensive experiments on the popular KITTI 3D detection dataset indicate ZoomNet surpasses all previous state-of-the-art methods by large margins (improved by 9.4% on APbv (IoU=0.7) over pseudo-LiDAR). Ablation study also demonstrates that our adaptive zooming strategy brings an improvement of over 10% on AP3d (IoU=0.7). In addition, since the official KITTI benchmark lacks fine-grained annotations like pixel-wise part locations, we also present our KFG dataset by augmenting KITTI with detailed instance-wise annotations including pixel-wise part location, pixel-wise disparity, etc.. Both the KFG dataset and our codes will be publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/detectRecog/ZoomNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 76.Deep Attention Aware Feature Learning for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00517.pdf)
>  Visual attention has proven to be effective in improving the performance of person re-identification. Most existing methods apply visual attention heuristically by learning an additional attention map to re-weight the feature maps for person re-identification. However, this kind of methods inevitably increase the model complexity and inference time. In this paper, we propose to incorporate the attention learning as additional objectives in a person ReID network without changing the original structure, thus maintain the same inference time and model size. Two kinds of attentions have been considered to make the learned feature maps being aware of the person and related body parts respectively. Globally, a holistic attention branch (HAB) makes the feature maps obtained by backbone focus on persons so as to alleviate the influence of background. Locally, a partial attention branch (PAB) makes the extracted features be decoupled into several groups and be separately responsible for different body parts (i.e., keypoints), thus increasing the robustness to pose variation and partial occlusion. These two kinds of attentions are universal and can be incorporated into existing ReID networks. We have tested its performance on two typical networks (TriNet and Bag of Tricks) and observed significant performance improvement on five widely used datasets. 
### 77.MonoPair: Monocular 3D Object Detection Using Pairwise Spatial Relationships  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00504.pdf)
>  Monocular 3D object detection is an essential component in autonomous driving while challenging to solve, especially for those occluded samples which are only partially visible. Most detectors consider each 3D object as an independent training target, inevitably resulting in a lack of useful information for occluded samples. To this end, we propose a novel method to improve the monocular 3D object detection by considering the relationship of paired samples. This allows us to encode spatial constraints for partially-occluded objects from their adjacent neighbors. Specifically, the proposed detector computes uncertainty-aware predictions for object locations and 3D distances for the adjacent object pairs, which are subsequently jointly optimized by nonlinear least squares. Finally, the one-stage uncertainty-aware prediction structure and the post-optimization module are dedicatedly integrated for ensuring the run-time efficiency. Experiments demonstrate that our method yields the best performance on KITTI 3D detection benchmark, by outperforming state-of-the-art competitors by wide margins, especially for the hard samples. 
### 78.PointASNL: Robust Point Clouds Processing using Nonlocal Neural Networks with Adaptive Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00492.pdf)
>  Raw point clouds data inevitably contains outliers or noise through acquisition from 3D sensors or reconstruction algorithms. In this paper, we present a novel end-to-end network for robust point clouds processing, named PointASNL, which can deal with point clouds with noise effectively. The key component in our approach is the adaptive sampling (AS) module. It first re-weights the neighbors around the initial sampled points from farthest point sampling (FPS), and then adaptively adjusts the sampled points beyond the entire point cloud. Our AS module can not only benefit the feature learning of point clouds, but also ease the biased effect of outliers. To further capture the neighbor and long-range dependencies of the sampled point, we proposed a local-nonlocal (L-NL) module inspired by the nonlocal operation. Such L-NL module enables the learning process insensitive to noise. Extensive experiments verify the robustness and superiority of our approach in point clouds processing tasks regardless of synthesis data, indoor data, and outdoor data with or without noise. Specifically, PointASNL achieves state-of-the-art robust performance for classification and segmentation tasks on all datasets, and significantly outperforms previous methods on real-world outdoor SemanticKITTI dataset with considerate noise. Our code is released through <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yanx27/PointASNL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 79.State-Aware Tracker for Real-Time Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00482.pdf)
>  In this work, we address the task of semi-supervised video object segmentation(VOS) and explore how to make efficient use of video property to tackle the challenge of semi-supervision. We propose a novel pipeline called State-Aware Tracker(SAT), which can produce accurate segmentation results with real-time speed. For higher efficiency, SAT takes advantage of the inter-frame consistency and deals with each target object as a tracklet. For more stable and robust performance over video sequences, SAT gets awareness for each state and makes self-adaptation via two feedback loops. One loop assists SAT in generating more stable tracklets. The other loop helps to construct a more robust and holistic target representation. SAT achieves a promising result of 72.3% J&amp;F mean with 39 FPS on DAVIS2017-Val dataset, which shows a decent trade-off between efficiency and accuracy. Code will be released at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/MegviiDetection/video_analyst" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 80.STC-Flow: Spatio-temporal Context-aware Optical Flow Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00434.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a spatio-temporal contextual network, STC-Flow, for optical flow estimation. Unlike previous optical flow estimation approaches with local pyramid feature extraction and multi-level correlation, we propose a contextual relation exploration architecture by capturing rich long-range dependencies in spatial and temporal dimensions. Specifically, STC-Flow contains three key context modules - pyramidal spatial context module, temporal context correlation module and recurrent residual contextual upsampling module, to build the relationship in each stage of feature extraction, correlation, and flow reconstruction, respectively. Experimental results indicate that the proposed scheme achieves the state-of-the-art performance of two-frame based methods on the Sintel dataset and the KITTI 2012/2015 datasets. 
### 81.Deep Learning for Content-based Personalized Viewport Prediction of 360-Degree VR Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00429.pdf)
>  In this paper, the problem of head movement prediction for virtual reality videos is studied. In the considered model, a deep learning network is introduced to leverage position data as well as video frame content to predict future head movement. For optimizing data input into this neural network, data sample rate, reduced data, and long-period prediction length are also explored for this model. Simulation results show that the proposed approach yields 16.1\% improvement in terms of prediction accuracy compared to a baseline approach that relies only on the position data. 
### 82.Learning When and Where to Zoom with Deep Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00425.pdf)
>  While high resolution images contain semantically more useful information than their lower resolution counterparts, processing them is computationally more expensive, and in some applications, e.g. remote sensing, they can be much more expensive to acquire. For these reasons, it is desirable to develop an automatic method to selectively use high resolution data when necessary while maintaining accuracy and reducing acquisition/run-time cost. In this direction, we propose PatchDrop a reinforcement learning approach to dynamically identify when and where to use/acquire high resolution data conditioned on the paired, cheap, low resolution images. We conduct experiments on CIFAR10, CIFAR100, ImageNet and fMoW datasets where we use significantly less high resolution data while maintaining similar accuracy to models which use full high resolution images. 
### 83.Towards Automatic Face-to-Face Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00418.pdf)
>  In light of the recent breakthroughs in automatic machine translation systems, we propose a novel approach that we term as "Face-to-Face Translation". As today's digital communication becomes increasingly visual, we argue that there is a need for systems that can automatically translate a video of a person speaking in language A into a target language B with realistic lip synchronization. In this work, we create an automatic pipeline for this problem and demonstrate its impact on multiple real-world applications. First, we build a working speech-to-speech translation system by bringing together multiple existing modules from speech and language. We then move towards "Face-to-Face Translation" by incorporating a novel visual module, LipGAN for generating realistic talking faces from the translated audio. Quantitative evaluation of LipGAN on the standard LRW test set shows that it significantly outperforms existing approaches across all standard metrics. We also subject our Face-to-Face Translation pipeline, to multiple human evaluations and show that it can significantly improve the overall user experience for consuming and interacting with multimodal content across languages. Code, models and demo video are made publicly available. <br>Demo video: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHG6Oei8jF0" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> <br>Code and models: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Rudrabha/LipGAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 84.PF-Net: Point Fractal Network for 3D Point Cloud Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00410.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a Point Fractal Network (PF-Net), a novel learning-based approach for precise and high-fidelity point cloud completion. Unlike existing point cloud completion networks, which generate the overall shape of the point cloud from the incomplete point cloud and always change existing points and encounter noise and geometrical loss, PF-Net preserves the spatial arrangements of the incomplete point cloud and can figure out the detailed geometrical structure of the missing region(s) in the prediction. To succeed at this task, PF-Net estimates the missing point cloud hierarchically by utilizing a feature-points-based multi-scale generating network. Further, we add up multi-stage completion loss and adversarial loss to generate more realistic missing region(s). The adversarial loss can better tackle multiple modes in the prediction. Our experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our method for several challenging point cloud completion tasks. 
### 85.FMT:Fusing Multi-task Convolutional Neural Network for Person Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00406.pdf)
>  Person search is to detect all persons and identify the query persons from detected persons in the image without proposals and bounding boxes, which is different from person re-identification. In this paper, we propose a fusing multi-task convolutional neural network(FMT-CNN) to tackle the correlation and heterogeneity of detection and re-identification with a single convolutional neural network. We focus on how the interplay of person detection and person re-identification affects the overall performance. We employ person labels in region proposal network to produce features for person re-identification and person detection network, which can improve the accuracy of detection and re-identification simultaneously. We also use a multiple loss to train our re-identification network. Experiment results on CUHK-SYSU Person Search dataset show that the performance of our proposed method is superior to state-of-the-art approaches in both mAP and top-1. 
### 86.Cops-Ref: A new Dataset and Task on Compositional Referring Expression Comprehension  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00403.pdf)
>  Referring expression comprehension (REF) aims at identifying a particular object in a scene by a natural language expression. It requires joint reasoning over the textual and visual domains to solve the problem. Some popular referring expression datasets, however, fail to provide an ideal test bed for evaluating the reasoning ability of the models, mainly because 1) their expressions typically describe only some simple distinctive properties of the object and 2) their images contain limited distracting information. To bridge the gap, we propose a new dataset for visual reasoning in context of referring expression comprehension with two main features. First, we design a novel expression engine rendering various reasoning logics that can be flexibly combined with rich visual properties to generate expressions with varying compositionality. Second, to better exploit the full reasoning chain embodied in an expression, we propose a new test setting by adding additional distracting images containing objects sharing similar properties with the referent, thus minimising the success rate of reasoning-free cross-domain alignment. We evaluate several state-of-the-art REF models, but find none of them can achieve promising performance. A proposed modular hard mining strategy performs the best but still leaves substantial room for improvement. We hope this new dataset and task can serve as a benchmark for deeper visual reasoning analysis and foster the research on referring expression comprehension. 
### 87.Intelligent Home 3D: Automatic 3D-House Design from Linguistic Descriptions Only  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00397.pdf)
>  Home design is a complex task that normally requires architects to finish with their professional skills and tools. It will be fascinating that if one can produce a house plan intuitively without knowing much knowledge about home design and experience of using complex designing tools, for example, via natural language. In this paper, we formulate it as a language conditioned visual content generation problem that is further divided into a floor plan generation and an interior texture (such as floor and wall) synthesis task. The only control signal of the generation process is the linguistic expression given by users that describe the house details. To this end, we propose a House Plan Generative Model (HPGM) that first translates the language input to a structural graph representation and then predicts the layout of rooms with a Graph Conditioned Layout Prediction Network (GC LPN) and generates the interior texture with a Language Conditioned Texture GAN (LCT-GAN). With some post-processing, the final product of this task is a 3D house model. To train and evaluate our model, we build the first Text-to-3D House Model dataset. 
### 88.Deep Active Learning for Biased Datasets via Fisher Kernel Self-Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00393.pdf)
>  Active learning (AL) aims to minimize labeling efforts for data-demanding deep neural networks (DNNs) by selecting the most representative data points for annotation. However, currently used methods are ill-equipped to deal with biased data. The main motivation of this paper is to consider a realistic setting for pool-based semi-supervised AL, where the unlabeled collection of train data is biased. We theoretically derive an optimal acquisition function for AL in this setting. It can be formulated as distribution shift minimization between unlabeled train data and weakly-labeled validation dataset. To implement such acquisition function, we propose a low-complexity method for feature density matching using self-supervised Fisher kernel (FK) as well as several novel pseudo-label estimators. Our FK-based method outperforms state-of-the-art methods on MNIST, SVHN, and ImageNet classification while requiring only 1/10th of processing. The conducted experiments show at least 40% drop in labeling efforts for the biased class-imbalanced data compared to existing methods. 
### 89.Fine-grained Video-Text Retrieval with Hierarchical Graph Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00392.pdf)
>  Cross-modal retrieval between videos and texts has attracted growing attentions due to the rapid emergence of videos on the web. The current dominant approach for this problem is to learn a joint embedding space to measure cross-modal similarities. However, simple joint embeddings are insufficient to represent complicated visual and textual details, such as scenes, objects, actions and their compositions. To improve fine-grained video-text retrieval, we propose a Hierarchical Graph Reasoning (HGR) model, which decomposes video-text matching into global-to-local levels. To be specific, the model disentangles texts into hierarchical semantic graph including three levels of events, actions, entities and relationships across levels. Attention-based graph reasoning is utilized to generate hierarchical textual embeddings, which can guide the learning of diverse and hierarchical video representations. The HGR model aggregates matchings from different video-text levels to capture both global and local details. Experimental results on three video-text datasets demonstrate the advantages of our model. Such hierarchical decomposition also enables better generalization across datasets and improves the ability to distinguish fine-grained semantic differences. 
### 90.Joint Wasserstein Distribution Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00389.pdf)
>  Joint distribution matching (JDM) problem, which aims to learn bidirectional mappings to match joint distributions of two domains, occurs in many machine learning and computer vision applications. This problem, however, is very difficult due to two critical challenges: (i) it is often difficult to exploit sufficient information from the joint distribution to conduct the matching; (ii) this problem is hard to formulate and optimize. In this paper, relying on optimal transport theory, we propose to address JDM problem by minimizing the Wasserstein distance of the joint distributions in two domains. However, the resultant optimization problem is still intractable. We then propose an important theorem to reduce the intractable problem into a simple optimization problem, and develop a novel method (called Joint Wasserstein Distribution Matching (JWDM)) to solve it. In the experiments, we apply our method to unsupervised image translation and cross-domain video synthesis. Both qualitative and quantitative comparisons demonstrate the superior performance of our method over several state-of-the-arts. 
### 91.Say As You Wish: Fine-grained Control of Image Caption Generation with Abstract Scene Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00387.pdf)
>  Humans are able to describe image contents with coarse to fine details as they wish. However, most image captioning models are intention-agnostic which can not generate diverse descriptions according to different user intentions initiatively. In this work, we propose the Abstract Scene Graph (ASG) structure to represent user intention in fine-grained level and control what and how detailed the generated description should be. The ASG is a directed graph consisting of three types of \textbf{abstract nodes} (object, attribute, relationship) grounded in the image without any concrete semantic labels. Thus it is easy to obtain either manually or automatically. From the ASG, we propose a novel ASG2Caption model, which is able to recognise user intentions and semantics in the graph, and therefore generate desired captions according to the graph structure. Our model achieves better controllability conditioning on ASGs than carefully designed baselines on both VisualGenome and MSCOCO datasets. It also significantly improves the caption diversity via automatically sampling diverse ASGs as control signals. 
### 92.Emotion Recognition System from Speech and Visual Information based on Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00351.pdf)
>  Emotion recognition has become an important field of research in the human-computer interactions domain. The latest advancements in the field show that combining visual with audio information lead to better results if compared to the case of using a single source of information separately. From a visual point of view, a human emotion can be recognized by analyzing the facial expression of the person. More precisely, the human emotion can be described through a combination of several Facial Action Units. In this paper, we propose a system that is able to recognize emotions with a high accuracy rate and in real time, based on deep Convolutional Neural Networks. In order to increase the accuracy of the recognition system, we analyze also the speech data and fuse the information coming from both sources, i.e., visual and audio. Experimental results show the effectiveness of the proposed scheme for emotion recognition and the importance of combining visual with audio data. 
### 93.Learning Cross-domain Generalizable Features by Representation Disentanglement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00321.pdf)
>  Deep learning models exhibit limited generalizability across different domains. Specifically, transferring knowledge from available entangled domain features(source/target domain) and categorical features to new unseen categorical features in a target domain is an interesting and difficult problem that is rarely discussed in the current literature. This problem is essential for many real-world applications such as improving diagnostic classification or prediction in medical imaging. To address this problem, we propose Mutual-Information-based Disentangled Neural Networks (MIDNet) to extract generalizable features that enable transferring knowledge to unseen categorical features in target domains. The proposed MIDNet is developed as a semi-supervised learning paradigm to alleviate the dependency on labeled data. This is important for practical applications where data annotation requires rare expertise as well as intense time and labor. We demonstrate our method on handwritten digits datasets and a fetal ultrasound dataset for image classification tasks. Experiments show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art and achieve expected performance with sparsely labeled data. 
### 94.Grounded and Controllable Image Completion by Incorporating Lexical Semantics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00303.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present an approach, namely Lexical Semantic Image Completion (LSIC), that may have potential applications in art, design, and heritage conservation, among several others. Existing image completion procedure is highly subjective by considering only visual context, which may trigger unpredictable results which are plausible but not faithful to a grounded knowledge. To permit both grounded and controllable completion process, we advocate generating results faithful to both visual and lexical semantic context, i.e., the description of leaving holes or blank regions in the image (e.g., hole description). One major challenge for LSIC comes from modeling and aligning the structure of visual-semantic context and translating across different modalities. We term this process as structure completion, which is realized by multi-grained reasoning blocks in our model. Another challenge relates to the unimodal biases, which occurs when the model generates plausible results without using the textual description. This can be true since the annotated captions for an image are often semantically equivalent in existing datasets, and thus there is only one paired text for a masked image in training. We devise an unsupervised unpaired-creation learning path besides the over-explored paired-reconstruction path, as well as a multi-stage training strategy to mitigate the insufficiency of labeled data. We conduct extensive quantitative and qualitative experiments as well as ablation studies, which reveal the efficacy of our proposed LSIC. 
### 95.Representations, Metrics and Statistics For Shape Analysis of Elastic Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00287.pdf)
>  Past approaches for statistical shape analysis of objects have focused mainly on objects within the same topological classes, e.g., scalar functions, Euclidean curves, or surfaces, etc. For objects that differ in more complex ways, the current literature offers only topological methods. This paper introduces a far-reaching geometric approach for analyzing shapes of graphical objects, such as road networks, blood vessels, brain fiber tracts, etc. It represents such objects, exhibiting differences in both geometries and topologies, as graphs made of curves with arbitrary shapes (edges) and connected at arbitrary junctions (nodes). To perform statistical analyses, one needs mathematical representations, metrics and other geometrical tools, such as geodesics, means, and covariances. This paper utilizes a quotient structure to develop efficient algorithms for computing these quantities, leading to useful statistical tools, including principal component analysis and analytical statistical testing and modeling of graphical shapes. The efficacy of this framework is demonstrated using various simulated as well as the real data from neurons and brain arterial networks. 
### 96.Augmenting Visual Place Recognition with Structural Cues  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00278.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose to augment image-based place recognition with structural cues. Specifically, these structural cues are obtained using structure-from-motion, such that no additional sensors are needed for place recognition. This is achieved by augmenting the 2D convolutional neural network (CNN) typically used for image-based place recognition with a 3D CNN that takes as input a voxel grid derived from the structure-from-motion point cloud. We evaluate different methods for fusing the 2D and 3D features and obtain best performance with global average pooling and simple concatenation. The resulting descriptor exhibits superior recognition performance compared to descriptors extracted from only one of the input modalities, including state-of-the-art image-based descriptors. Especially at low descriptor dimensionalities, we outperform state-of-the-art descriptors by up to 90%. 
### 97.Reusing Discriminators for Encoding Towards Unsupervised Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00273.pdf)
>  Unsupervised image-to-image translation is a central task in computer vision. Current translation frameworks will abandon the discriminator once the training process is completed. This paper contends a novel role of the discriminator by reusing it for encoding the images of the target domain. The proposed architecture, termed as NICE-GAN, exhibits two advantageous patterns over previous approaches: First, it is more compact since no independent encoding component is required; Second, this plug-in encoder is directly trained by the adversary loss, making it more informative and trained more effectively if a multi-scale discriminator is applied. The main issue in NICE-GAN is the coupling of translation with discrimination along the encoder, which could incur training inconsistency when we play the min-max game via GAN. To tackle this issue, we develop a decoupled training strategy by which the encoder is only trained when maximizing the adversary loss while keeping frozen otherwise. Extensive experiments on four popular benchmarks demonstrate the superior performance of NICE-GAN over state-of-the-art methods in terms of FID, KID, and also human preference. Comprehensive ablation studies are also carried out to isolate the validity of each proposed component. Our codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/alpc91/NICE-GAN-pytorch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 98.Joint Face Completion and Super-resolution using Multi-scale Feature Relation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00255.pdf)
>  Previous research on face restoration often focused on repairing a specific type of low-quality facial images such as low-resolution (LR) or occluded facial images. However, in the real world, both the above-mentioned forms of image degradation often coexist. Therefore, it is important to design a model that can repair LR occluded images simultaneously. This paper proposes a multi-scale feature graph generative adversarial network (MFG-GAN) to implement the face restoration of images in which both degradation modes coexist, and also to repair images with a single type of degradation. Based on the GAN, the MFG-GAN integrates the graph convolution and feature pyramid network to restore occluded low-resolution face images to non-occluded high-resolution face images. The MFG-GAN uses a set of customized losses to ensure that high-quality images are generated. In addition, we designed the network in an end-to-end format. Experimental results on the public-domain CelebA and Helen databases show that the proposed approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods in performing face super-resolution (up to 4x or 8x) and face completion simultaneously. Cross-database testing also revealed that the proposed approach has good generalizability. 
### 99.NAS-Count: Counting-by-Density with Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00217.pdf)
>  Most of the recent advances in crowd counting have evolved from hand-designed density estimation networks, where multi-scale features are leveraged to address scale variation, but at the expense of demanding design efforts. In this work, we automate the design of counting models with Neural Architecture Search (NAS) and introduce an end-to-end searched encoder-decoder architecture, Automatic Multi-Scale Network (AMSNet). The encoder and decoder in AMSNet are composed of different cells discovered from counting-specific search spaces, each dedicated to extracting and aggregating multi-scale features adaptively. To resolve the pixel-level isolation issue in training density estimation models, AMSNet is optimized with a novel Scale Pyramid Pooling Loss (SPPLoss), which exploits a pyramidal architecture to achieve structural supervision at multiple scales. During training time, AMSNet and SPPLoss are searched end-to-end efficiently with differentiable NAS techniques. When testing, AMSNet produces state-of-the-art results that are considerably better than hand-designed models on four challenging datasets, fully demonstrating the efficacy of NAS-Count. 
### 100.Channel Equilibrium Networks for Learning Deep Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00214.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are typically constructed by stacking multiple building blocks, each of which contains a normalization layer such as batch normalization (BN) and a rectified linear function such as ReLU. However, this work shows that the combination of normalization and rectified linear function leads to inhibited channels, which have small magnitude and contribute little to the learned feature representation, impeding the generalization ability of CNNs. Unlike prior arts that simply removed the inhibited channels, we propose to "wake them up" during training by designing a novel neural building block, termed Channel Equilibrium (CE) block, which enables channels at the same layer to contribute equally to the learned representation. We show that CE is able to prevent inhibited channels both empirically and theoretically. CE has several appealing benefits. (1) It can be integrated into many advanced CNN architectures such as ResNet and MobileNet, outperforming their original networks. (2) CE has an interesting connection with the Nash Equilibrium, a well-known solution of a non-cooperative game. (3) Extensive experiments show that CE achieves state-of-the-art performance on various challenging benchmarks such as ImageNet and COCO. 
### 101.Cross-Spectrum Dual-Subspace Pairing for RGB-infrared Cross-Modality Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00213.pdf)
>  Due to its potential wide applications in video surveillance and other computer vision tasks like tracking, person re-identification (ReID) has become popular and been widely investigated. However, conventional person re-identification can only handle RGB color images, which will fail at dark conditions. Thus RGB-infrared ReID (also known as Infrared-Visible ReID or Visible-Thermal ReID) is proposed. Apart from appearance discrepancy in traditional ReID caused by illumination, pose variations and viewpoint changes, modality discrepancy produced by cameras of the different spectrum also exists, which makes RGB-infrared ReID more difficult. To address this problem, we focus on extracting the shared cross-spectrum features of different modalities. In this paper, a novel multi-spectrum image generation method is proposed and the generated samples are utilized to help the network to find discriminative information for re-identifying the same person across modalities. Another challenge of RGB-infrared ReID is that the intra-person (images from the same person) discrepancy is often larger than the inter-person (images from different persons) discrepancy, so a dual-subspace pairing strategy is proposed to alleviate this problem. Combining those two parts together, we also design a one-stream neural network combining the aforementioned methods to extract compact representations of person images, called Cross-spectrum Dual-subspace Pairing (CDP) model. Furthermore, during the training process, we also propose a Dynamic Hard Spectrum Mining method to automatically mine more hard samples from hard spectrum based on the current model state to further boost the performance. Extensive experimental results on two public datasets, SYSU-MM01 with RGB + near-infrared images and RegDB with RGB + far-infrared images, have demonstrated the efficiency and generality of our proposed method. 
### 102.Learning to Compare Relation: Semantic Alignment for Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00210.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning is a fundamental and challenging problem since it requires recognizing novel categories from only a few examples. The objects for recognition have multiple variants and can locate anywhere in images. Directly comparing query images with example images can not handle content misalignment. The representation and metric for comparison are critical but challenging to learn due to the scarcity and wide variation of the samples in few-shot learning. In this paper, we present a novel semantic alignment model to compare relations, which is robust to content misalignment. We propose to add two key ingredients to existing few-shot learning frameworks for better feature and metric learning ability. First, we introduce a semantic alignment loss to align the relation statistics of the features from samples that belong to the same category. And second, local and global mutual information maximization is introduced, allowing for representations that contain locally-consistent and intra-class shared information across structural locations in an image. Thirdly, we introduce a principled approach to weigh multiple loss functions by considering the homoscedastic uncertainty of each stream. We conduct extensive experiments on several few-shot learning datasets. Experimental results show that the proposed method is capable of comparing relations with semantic alignment strategies, and achieves state-of-the-art performance. 
### 103.VideoSSL: Semi-Supervised Learning for Video Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00197.pdf)
>  We propose a semi-supervised learning approach for video classification, VideoSSL, using convolutional neural networks (CNN). Like other computer vision tasks, existing supervised video classification methods demand a large amount of labeled data to attain good performance. However, annotation of a large dataset is expensive and time consuming. To minimize the dependence on a large annotated dataset, our proposed semi-supervised method trains from a small number of labeled examples and exploits two regulatory signals from unlabeled data. The first signal is the pseudo-labels of unlabeled examples computed from the confidences of the CNN being trained. The other is the normalized probabilities, as predicted by an image classifier CNN, that captures the information about appearances of the interesting objects in the video. We show that, under the supervision of these guiding signals from unlabeled examples, a video classification CNN can achieve impressive performances utilizing a small fraction of annotated examples on three publicly available datasets: UCF101, HMDB51 and Kinetics. 
### 104.First Order Motion Model for Image Animation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00196.pdf)
>  Image animation consists of generating a video sequence so that an object in a source image is animated according to the motion of a driving video. Our framework addresses this problem without using any annotation or prior information about the specific object to animate. Once trained on a set of videos depicting objects of the same category (\eg \ faces, human bodies), our method can be applied to any object of this class. To achieve this, we decouple appearance and motion information using a self-supervised formulation. To support complex motions, we use a representation consisting of a set of learned keypoints along with their local affine transformations. A generator network models occlusions arising during target motions and combines the appearance extracted from the source image and the motion derived from the driving video. Our framework scores best on diverse benchmarks and on a variety of object categories. Our source code is publicly available. 
### 105.Robust 6D Object Pose Estimation by Learning RGB-D Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00188.pdf)
>  Accurate 6D object pose estimation is fundamental to robotic manipulation and grasping. Previous methods follow a local optimization approach which minimizes the distance between closest point pairs to handle the rotation ambiguity of symmetric objects. In this work, we propose a novel discrete-continuous formulation for rotation regression to resolve this local-optimum problem. We uniformly sample rotation anchors in SO(3), and predict a constrained deviation from each anchor to the target, as well as uncertainty scores for selecting the best prediction. Additionally, the object location is detected by aggregating point-wise vectors pointing to the 3D center. Experiments on two benchmarks: LINEMOD and YCB-Video, show that the proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art approaches. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mentian/object-posenet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 106.Augmented Cyclic Consistency Regularization for Unpaired Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00187.pdf)
>  Unpaired image-to-image (I2I) translation has received considerable attention in pattern recognition and computer vision because of recent advancements in generative adversarial networks (GANs). However, due to the lack of explicit supervision, unpaired I2I models often fail to generate realistic images, especially in challenging datasets with different backgrounds and poses. Hence, stabilization is indispensable for real-world applications and GANs. Herein, we propose Augmented Cyclic Consistency Regularization (ACCR), a novel regularization method for unpaired I2I translation. Our main idea is to enforce consistency regularization originating from semi-supervised learning on the discriminators leveraging real, fake, reconstructed, and augmented samples. We regularize the discriminators to output similar predictions when fed pairs of original and perturbed images. We qualitatively clarify the generation property between unpaired I2I models and standard GANs, and explain why consistency regularization on fake and reconstructed samples works well. Quantitatively, our method outperforms the consistency regularized GAN (CR-GAN) in digit translations and demonstrates efficacy against several data augmentation variants and cycle-consistent constraints. 
### 107.HVNet: Hybrid Voxel Network for LiDAR Based 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00186.pdf)
>  We present Hybrid Voxel Network (HVNet), a novel one-stage unified network for point cloud based 3D object detection for autonomous driving. Recent studies show that 2D voxelization with per voxel PointNet style feature extractor leads to accurate and efficient detector for large 3D scenes. Since the size of the feature map determines the computation and memory cost, the size of the voxel becomes a parameter that is hard to balance. A smaller voxel size gives a better performance, especially for small objects, but a longer inference time. A larger voxel can cover the same area with a smaller feature map, but fails to capture intricate features and accurate location for smaller objects. We present a Hybrid Voxel network that solves this problem by fusing voxel feature encoder (VFE) of different scales at point-wise level and project into multiple pseudo-image feature maps. We further propose an attentive voxel feature encoding that outperforms plain VFE and a feature fusion pyramid network to aggregate multi-scale information at feature map level. Experiments on the KITTI benchmark show that a single HVNet achieves the best mAP among all existing methods with a real time inference speed of 31Hz. 
### 108.Attention-aware fusion RGB-D face recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00168.pdf)
>  A novel attention aware method is proposed to fuse two image modalities, RGB and depth, for enhanced RGB-D facial recognition. The proposed method uses two attention layers, the first focused on the fused feature maps generated by convolution layers, and the second focused on the spatial features of those maps. The training database is preprocessed and augmented through a set of geometric transformations, and the learning process is further aided using transfer learning from a pure 2D RGB image training process. Comparative evaluations demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms other state-of-the-art approaches, including both traditional and deep neural network-based methods, on the challenging CurtinFaces and IIIT-D RGB-D benchmark databases, achieving classification accuracies over 98:2% and 99:3% respectively. 
### 109.Towards Using Count-level Weak Supervision for Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00164.pdf)
>  Most existing crowd counting methods require object location-level annotation, i.e., placing a dot at the center of an object. While being simpler than the bounding-box or pixel-level annotation, obtaining this annotation is still labor-intensive and time-consuming especially for images with highly crowded scenes. On the other hand, weaker annotations that only know the total count of objects can be almost effortless in many practical scenarios. Thus, it is desirable to develop a learning method that can effectively train models from count-level annotations. To this end, this paper studies the problem of weakly-supervised crowd counting which learns a model from only a small amount of location-level annotations (fully-supervised) but a large amount of count-level annotations (weakly-supervised). To perform effective training in this scenario, we observe that the direct solution of regressing the integral of density map to the object count is not sufficient and it is beneficial to introduce stronger regularizations on the predicted density map of weakly-annotated images. We devise a simple-yet-effective training strategy, namely Multiple Auxiliary Tasks Training (MATT), to construct regularizes for restricting the freedom of the generated density maps. Through extensive experiments on existing datasets and a newly proposed dataset, we validate the effectiveness of the proposed weakly-supervised method and demonstrate its superior performance over existing solutions. 
### 110.Self-supervised Representation Learning for Ultrasound Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00105.pdf)
>  Recent advances in deep learning have achieved promising performance for medical image analysis, while in most cases ground-truth annotations from human experts are necessary to train the deep model. In practice, such annotations are expensive to collect and can be scarce for medical imaging applications. Therefore, there is significant interest in learning representations from unlabelled raw data. In this paper, we propose a self-supervised learning approach to learn meaningful and transferable representations from medical imaging video without any type of human annotation. We assume that in order to learn such a representation, the model should identify anatomical structures from the unlabelled data. Therefore we force the model to address anatomy-aware tasks with free supervision from the data itself. Specifically, the model is designed to correct the order of a reshuffled video clip and at the same time predict the geometric transformation applied to the video clip. Experiments on fetal ultrasound video show that the proposed approach can effectively learn meaningful and strong representations, which transfer well to downstream tasks like standard plane detection and saliency prediction. 
### 111.Transferring Dense Pose to Proximal Animal Classes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00080.pdf)
>  Recent contributions have demonstrated that it is possible to recognize the pose of humans densely and accurately given a large dataset of poses annotated in detail. In principle, the same approach could be extended to any animal class, but the effort required for collecting new annotations for each case makes this strategy impractical, despite important applications in natural conservation, science and business. We show that, at least for proximal animal classes such as chimpanzees, it is possible to transfer the knowledge existing in dense pose recognition for humans, as well as in more general object detectors and segmenters, to the problem of dense pose recognition in other classes. We do this by (1) establishing a DensePose model for the new animal which is also geometrically aligned to humans (2) introducing a multi-head R-CNN architecture that facilitates transfer of multiple recognition tasks between classes, (3) finding which combination of known classes can be transferred most effectively to the new animal and (4) using self-calibrated uncertainty heads to generate pseudo-labels graded by quality for training a model for this class. We also introduce two benchmark datasets labelled in the manner of DensePose for the class chimpanzee and use them to evaluate our approach, showing excellent transfer learning performance. 
### 112.Bio-Inspired Modality Fusion for Active Speaker Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00063.pdf)
>  Human beings have developed fantastic abilities to integrate information from various sensory sources exploring their inherent complementarity. Perceptual capabilities are therefore heightened enabling, for instance, the well known "cocktail party" and McGurk effects, i.e. speech disambiguation from a panoply of sound signals. This fusion ability is also key in refining the perception of sound source location, as in distinguishing whose voice is being heard in a group conversation. Furthermore, Neuroscience has successfully identified the superior colliculus region in the brain as the one responsible for this modality fusion, with a handful of biological models having been proposed to approach its underlying neurophysiological process. Deriving inspiration from one of these models, this paper presents a methodology for effectively fusing correlated auditory and visual information for active speaker detection. Such an ability can have a wide range of applications, from teleconferencing systems to social robotics. The detection approach initially routes auditory and visual information through two specialized neural network structures. The resulting embeddings are fused via a novel layer based on the superior colliculus, whose topological structure emulates spatial neuron cross-mapping of unimodal perceptual fields. The validation process employed two publicly available datasets, with achieved results confirming and greatly surpassing initial expectations. 
### 113.Learning Nonparametric Human Mesh Reconstruction from a Single Image without Ground Truth Meshes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00052.pdf)
>  Nonparametric approaches have shown promising results on reconstructing 3D human mesh from a single monocular image. Unlike previous approaches that use a parametric human model like skinned multi-person linear model (SMPL), and attempt to regress the model parameters, nonparametric approaches relax the heavy reliance on the parametric space. However, existing nonparametric methods require ground truth meshes as their regression target for each vertex, and obtaining ground truth mesh labels is very expensive. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to learn human mesh reconstruction without any ground truth meshes. This is made possible by introducing two new terms into the loss function of a graph convolutional neural network (Graph CNN). The first term is the Laplacian prior that acts as a regularizer on the reconstructed mesh. The second term is the part segmentation loss that forces the projected region of the reconstructed mesh to match the part segmentation. Experimental results on multiple public datasets show that without using 3D ground truth meshes, the proposed approach outperforms the previous state-of-the-art approaches that require ground truth meshes for training. 
### 114.Unlimited Resolution Image Generation with R2D2-GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01063.pdf)
>  In this paper we present a novel simulation technique for generating high quality images of any predefined resolution. This method can be used to synthesize sonar scans of size equivalent to those collected during a full-length mission, with across track resolutions of any chosen magnitude. In essence, our model extends Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) based architecture into a conditional recursive setting, that facilitates the continuity of the generated images. The data produced is continuous, realistically-looking, and can also be generated at least two times faster than the real speed of acquisition for the sonars with higher resolutions, such as EdgeTech. The seabed topography can be fully controlled by the user. The visual assessment tests demonstrate that humans cannot distinguish the simulated images from real. Moreover, experimental results suggest that in the absence of real data the autonomous recognition systems can benefit greatly from training with the synthetic data, produced by the R2D2-GANs. 
### 115.Constrained Nonnegative Matrix Factorization for Blind Hyperspectral Unmixing incorporating Endmember Independence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.01041.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral image (HSI) analysis has become a key area in the field of remote sensing as a result of its ability to exploit richer information in the form of multiple spectral bands. The study of hyperspectral unmixing (HU) is important in HSI analysis due to the insufficient spatial resolution of customary imaging spectrometers. The endmembers of an HSI are more likely to be generated by independent sources and be mixed in a macroscopic degree before arriving at the sensor element of the imaging spectrometer as mixed spectra. Over the past few decades, many attempts have focused on imposing auxiliary constraints on the conventional nonnegative matrix factorization (NMF) framework in order to effectively unmix these mixed spectra. Signifying a step forward toward finding an optimum constraint to extract endmembers, this paper presents a novel blind HU algorithm, referred to as Kurtosis-based Smooth Nonnegative Matrix Factorization (KbSNMF) which incorporates a novel constraint-based on the statistical independence of the probability density functions of endmembers. Imposing this constraint on the conventional NMF framework promotes the extraction of independent endmembers while further enhancing the parts-based representation of data. The proposed algorithm manages to outperform several state of the art NMF-based algorithms in terms of extracting endmembers from hyperspectral remote sensing data, hence could uplift the performance of recent deep learning HU methods which utilizes the endmembers as supervisory data for abundance extraction. Keywords: Hyperspectral unmixing (HU), blind source separation, kurtosis, constrained, Gaussianity, endmember independence, nonnegative matrix factorization (NMF). 
### 116.Evaluating Temporal Queries Over Video Feeds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00953.pdf)
>  Recent advances in Computer Vision and Deep Learning made possible the efficient extraction of a schema from frames of streaming video. As such, a stream of objects and their associated classes along with unique object identifiers derived via object tracking can be generated, providing unique objects as they are captured across frames. In this paper we initiate a study of temporal queries involving objects and their co-occurrences in video feeds. For example, queries that identify video segments during which the same two red cars and the same two humans appear jointly for five minutes are of interest to many applications ranging from law enforcement to security and safety. We take the first step and define such queries in a way that they incorporate certain physical aspects of video capture such as object occlusion. We present an architecture consisting of three layers, namely object detection/tracking, intermediate data generation and query evaluation. We propose two techniques,MFS and SSG, to organize all detected objects in the intermediate data generation layer, which effectively, given the queries, minimizes the number of objects and frames that have to be considered during query evaluation. We also introduce an algorithm called State Traversal (ST) that processes incoming frames against the SSG and efficiently prunes objects and frames unrelated to query evaluation, while maintaining all states required for succinct query evaluation. We present the results of a thorough experimental evaluation utilizing both real and synthetic data establishing the trade-offs between MFS and SSG. We stress various parameters of interest in our evaluation and demonstrate that the proposed query evaluation methodology coupled with the proposed algorithms is capable to evaluate temporal queries over video feeds efficiently, achieving orders of magnitude performance benefits. 
### 117.Multi-View Learning for Vision-and-Language Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00857.pdf)
>  Learning to navigate in a visual environment following natural language instructions is a challenging task because natural language instructions are highly variable, ambiguous, and under-specified. In this paper, we present a novel training paradigm, Learn from EveryOne (LEO), which leverages multiple instructions (as different views) for the same trajectory to resolve language ambiguity and improve generalization. By sharing parameters across instructions, our approach learns more effectively from limited training data and generalizes better in unseen environments. On the recent Room-to-Room (R2R) benchmark dataset, LEO achieves 16% improvement (absolute) over a greedy agent as the base agent (25.3% $\rightarrow$ 41.4%) in Success Rate weighted by Path Length (SPL). Further, LEO is complementary to most existing models for vision-and-language navigation, allowing for easy integration with the existing techniques, leading to LEO+, which creates the new state of the art, pushing the R2R benchmark to 62% (9% absolute improvement). 
### 118.Addressing target shift in zero-shot learning using grouped adversarial learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00845.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a new paradigm to zero-shot learning (ZSL) that is trained by utilizing additional information (such as attribute-class mapping) for specific set of unseen classes. We conjecture that such additional information about unseen classes is more readily available than unsupervised image sets. Further, on close examination of the underlying attribute predictors of popular ZSL algorithms, we find that they often leverage attribute correlations to make predictions. While attribute correlations that remain intact in the unseen classes (test) benefit the prediction of difficult attributes, change in correlations can have an adverse effect on ZSL performance. For example, detecting an attribute 'brown' may be the same as detecting 'fur' over an animals' image dataset captured in the tropics. However, such a model might fail on unseen images of Arctic animals. To address this effect, termed target-shift in ZSL, we utilize our proposed framework to design grouped adversarial learning. We introduce grouping of attributes to enable the model to continue to benefit from useful correlations, while restricting cross-group correlations that may be harmful for generalization. Our analysis shows that it is possible to not only constrain the model from leveraging unwanted correlations, but also adjust them to specific test setting using only the additional information (the already available attribute-class mapping). We show empirical results for zero-shot predictions on standard benchmark datasets, namely, aPY, AwA2, SUN and CUB datasets. We further introduce to the research community, a new experimental train-test split that maximizes target-shift to further study its effects. 
### 119.Quantized Neural Network Inference with Precision Batching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00822.pdf)
>  We present PrecisionBatching, a quantized inference algorithm for speeding up neural network execution on traditional hardware platforms at low bitwidths without the need for retraining or recalibration. PrecisionBatching decomposes a neural network into individual bitlayers and accumulates them using fast 1-bit operations while maintaining activations in full precision. PrecisionBatching not only facilitates quantized inference at low bitwidths (&lt; 8 bits) without the need for retraining/recalibration, but also 1) enables traditional hardware platforms the ability to realize inference speedups at a finer granularity of quantization (e.g: 1-16 bit execution) and 2) allows accuracy and speedup tradeoffs at runtime by exposing the number of bitlayers to accumulate as a tunable parameter. Across a variety of applications (MNIST, language modeling, natural language inference) and neural network architectures (fully connected, RNN, LSTM), PrecisionBatching yields end-to-end speedups of over 8x on a GPU within a &lt; 1% error margin of the full precision baseline, outperforming traditional 8-bit quantized inference by over 1.5x-2x at the same error tolerance. 
### 120.Convolutional Sparse Support Estimator Network (CSEN) From energy efficient support estimation to learning-aided Compressive Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00768.pdf)
>  Support estimation (SE) of a sparse signal refers to finding the location indices of the non-zero elements in a sparse representation. Most of the traditional approaches dealing with SE problem are iterative algorithms based on greedy methods or optimization techniques. Indeed, a vast majority of them use sparse signal recovery techniques to obtain support sets instead of directly mapping the non-zero locations from denser measurements (e.g., Compressively Sensed Measurements). This study proposes a novel approach for learning such a mapping from a training set. To accomplish this objective, the Convolutional Support Estimator Networks (CSENs), each with a compact configuration, are designed. The proposed CSEN can be a crucial tool for the following scenarios: (i) Real-time and low-cost support estimation can be applied in any mobile and low-power edge device for anomaly localization, simultaneous face recognition, etc. (ii) CSEN's output can directly be used as "prior information" which improves the performance of sparse signal recovery algorithms. The results over the benchmark datasets show that state-of-the-art performance levels can be achieved by the proposed approach with a significantly reduced computational complexity. 
### 121.MVP: Unified Motion and Visual Self-Supervised Learning for Large-Scale Robotic Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00667.pdf)
>  Autonomous navigation emerges from both motion and local visual perception in real-world environments. However, most successful robotic motion estimation methods (e.g. VO, SLAM, SfM) and vision systems (e.g. CNN, visual place recognition-VPR) are often separately used for mapping and localization tasks. Conversely, recent reinforcement learning (RL) based methods for visual navigation rely on the quality of GPS data reception, which may not be reliable when directly using it as ground truth across multiple, month-spaced traversals in large environments. In this paper, we propose a novel motion and visual perception approach, dubbed MVP, that unifies these two sensor modalities for large-scale, target-driven navigation tasks. Our MVP-based method can learn faster, and is more accurate and robust to both extreme environmental changes and poor GPS data than corresponding vision-only navigation methods. MVP temporally incorporates compact image representations, obtained using VPR, with optimized motion estimation data, including but not limited to those from VO or optimized radar odometry (RO), to efficiently learn self-supervised navigation policies via RL. We evaluate our method on two large real-world datasets, Oxford Robotcar and Nordland Railway, over a range of weather (e.g. overcast, night, snow, sun, rain, clouds) and seasonal (e.g. winter, spring, fall, summer) conditions using the new CityLearn framework; an interactive environment for efficiently training navigation agents. Our experimental results, on traversals of the Oxford RobotCar dataset with no GPS data, show that MVP can achieve 53% and 93% navigation success rate using VO and RO, respectively, compared to 7% for a vision-only method. We additionally report a trade-off between the RL success rate and the motion estimation precision. 
### 122.PSF--NET: A Non-parametric Point Spread Function Model for Ground Based Optical Telescopes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00615.pdf)
>  Ground based optical telescopes are seriously affected by atmospheric turbulence induced aberrations. Understanding properties of these aberrations is important both for instruments design and image restoration methods development. Because the point spread function can reflect performance of the whole optic system, it is appropriate to use the point spread function to describe atmospheric turbulence induced aberrations. Assuming point spread functions induced by the atmospheric turbulence with the same profile belong to the same manifold space, we propose a non-parametric point spread function -- PSF-NET. The PSF-NET has a cycle convolutional neural network structure and is a statistical representation of the manifold space of PSFs induced by the atmospheric turbulence with the same profile. Testing the PSF-NET with simulated and real observation data, we find that a well trained PSF--NET can restore any short exposure images blurred by atmospheric turbulence with the same profile. Besides, we further use the impulse response of the PSF-NET, which can be viewed as the statistical mean PSF, to analyze interpretation properties of the PSF-NET. We find that variations of statistical mean PSFs are caused by variations of the atmospheric turbulence profile: as the difference of the atmospheric turbulence profile increases, the difference between statistical mean PSFs also increases. The PSF-NET proposed in this paper provides a new way to analyze atmospheric turbulence induced aberrations, which would be benefit to develop new observation methods for ground based optical telescopes. 
### 123.3DCFS: Fast and Robust Joint 3D Semantic-Instance Segmentation via Coupled Feature Selection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00535.pdf)
>  We propose a novel fast and robust 3D point clouds segmentation framework via coupled feature selection, named 3DCFS, that jointly performs semantic and instance segmentation. Inspired by the human scene perception process, we design a novel coupled feature selection module, named CFSM, that adaptively selects and fuses the reciprocal semantic and instance features from two tasks in a coupled manner. To further boost the performance of the instance segmentation task in our 3DCFS, we investigate a loss function that helps the model learn to balance the magnitudes of the output embedding dimensions during training, which makes calculating the Euclidean distance more reliable and enhances the generalizability of the model. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our 3DCFS outperforms state-of-the-art methods on benchmark datasets in terms of accuracy, speed and computational cost. 
### 124.Dimensionality reduction to maximize prediction generalization capability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00470.pdf)
>  This work develops an analytically solvable unsupervised learning scheme that extracts the most informative components for predicting future inputs, termed predictive principal component analysis (PredPCA). Our scheme can effectively remove unpredictable observation noise and globally minimize the test prediction error. Mathematical analyses demonstrate that, with sufficiently high-dimensional observations that are generated by a linear or nonlinear system, PredPCA can identify the optimal hidden state representation, true system parameters, and true hidden state dimensionality, with a global convergence guarantee. We demonstrate the performance of PredPCA by using sequential visual inputs comprising hand-digits, rotating 3D objects, and natural scenes. It reliably and accurately estimates distinct hidden states and predicts future outcomes of previously unseen test input data, even in the presence of considerable observation noise. The simple model structure and low computational cost of PredPCA make it highly desirable as a learning scheme for biological neural networks and neuromorphic chips. 
### 125.Environment-agnostic Multitask Learning for Natural Language Grounded Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00443.pdf)
>  Recent research efforts enable study for natural language grounded navigation in photo-realistic environments, e.g., following natural language instructions or dialog. However, existing methods tend to overfit training data in seen environments and fail to generalize well in previously unseen environments. In order to close the gap between seen and unseen environments, we aim at learning a generalized navigation model from two novel perspectives: (1) we introduce a multitask navigation model that can be seamlessly trained on both Vision-Language Navigation (VLN) and Navigation from Dialog History (NDH) tasks, which benefits from richer natural language guidance and effectively transfers knowledge across tasks; (2) we propose to learn environment-agnostic representations for the navigation policy that are invariant among the environments seen during training, thus generalizing better on unseen environments. Extensive experiments show that our navigation model trained using environment-agnostic multitask learning significantly reduces the performance gap between seen and unseen environments and outperforms the baselines on unseen environments by 16% (relative measure on success rate) on VLN and 120% (goal progress) on NDH, establishing a new state-of-the-art for the NDH task. The code for training the navigation model using environment-agnostic multitask learning is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/google-research/valan" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 126.Why is the Mahalanobis Distance Effective for Anomaly Detection?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00402.pdf)
>  The Mahalanobis distance-based confidence score, a recently proposed anomaly detection method for pre-trained neural classifiers, achieves state-of-the-art performance on both out-of-distribution and adversarial example detection. This work analyzes why this method exhibits such strong performance while imposing an implausible assumption; namely, that class conditional distributions of intermediate features have tied covariance. We reveal that the reason for its effectiveness has been misunderstood. Although this method scores the prediction confidence for the original classification task, our analysis suggests that information critical for classification task does not contribute to state-of-the-art performance on anomaly detection. To support this hypothesis, we demonstrate that a simpler confidence score that does not use class information is as effective as the original method in most cases. Moreover, our experiments show that the confidence scores can exhibit different behavior on other frameworks such as metric learning models, and their detection performance is sensitive to model architecture choice. These findings provide insight into the behavior of neural classifiers when provided with anomalous inputs. 
### 127.Unblind Your Apps: Predicting Natural-Language Labels for Mobile GUI Components by Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00380.pdf)
>  According to the World Health Organization(WHO), it is estimated that approximately 1.3 billion people live with some forms of vision impairment globally, of whom 36 million are blind. Due to their disability, engaging these minority into the society is a challenging problem. The recent rise of smart mobile phones provides a new solution by enabling blind users' convenient access to the information and service for understanding the world. Users with vision impairment can adopt the screen reader embedded in the mobile operating systems to read the content of each screen within the app, and use gestures to interact with the phone. However, the prerequisite of using screen readers is that developers have to add natural-language labels to the image-based components when they are developing the app. Unfortunately, more than 77% apps have issues of missing labels, according to our analysis of 10,408 Android apps. Most of these issues are caused by developers' lack of awareness and knowledge in considering the minority. And even if developers want to add the labels to UI components, they may not come up with concise and clear description as most of them are of no visual issues. To overcome these challenges, we develop a deep-learning based model, called LabelDroid, to automatically predict the labels of image-based buttons by learning from large-scale commercial apps in Google Play. The experimental results show that our model can make accurate predictions and the generated labels are of higher quality than that from real Android developers. 
### 128.Understanding the Intrinsic Robustness of Image Distributions using Conditional Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00378.pdf)
>  Starting with Gilmer et al. (2018), several works have demonstrated the inevitability of adversarial examples based on different assumptions about the underlying input probability space. It remains unclear, however, whether these results apply to natural image distributions. In this work, we assume the underlying data distribution is captured by some conditional generative model, and prove intrinsic robustness bounds for a general class of classifiers, which solves an open problem in Fawzi et al. (2018). Building upon the state-of-the-art conditional generative models, we study the intrinsic robustness of two common image benchmarks under $\ell_2$ perturbations, and show the existence of a large gap between the robustness limits implied by our theory and the adversarial robustness achieved by current state-of-the-art robust models. Code for all our experiments is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xiaozhanguva/Intrinsic-Rob" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 129.An Evaluation of Knowledge Graph Embeddings for Autonomous Driving Data: Experience and Practice  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00344.pdf)
>  The autonomous driving (AD) industry is exploring the use of knowledge graphs (KGs) to manage the vast amount of heterogeneous data generated from vehicular sensors. The various types of equipped sensors include video, LIDAR and RADAR. Scene understanding is an important topic in AD which requires consideration of various aspects of a scene, such as detected objects, events, time and location. Recent work on knowledge graph embeddings (KGEs) - an approach that facilitates neuro-symbolic fusion - has shown to improve the predictive performance of machine learning models. With the expectation that neuro-symbolic fusion through KGEs will improve scene understanding, this research explores the generation and evaluation of KGEs for autonomous driving data. We also present an investigation of the relationship between the level of informational detail in a KG and the quality of its derivative embeddings. By systematically evaluating KGEs along four dimensions -- i.e. quality metrics, KG informational detail, algorithms, and datasets -- we show that (1) higher levels of informational detail in KGs lead to higher quality embeddings, (2) type and relation semantics are better captured by the semantic transitional distance-based TransE algorithm, and (3) some metrics, such as coherence measure, may not be suitable for intrinsically evaluating KGEs in this domain. Additionally, we also present an (early) investigation of the usefulness of KGEs for two use-cases in the AD domain. 
### 130.An estimation-based method to segment PET images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00317.pdf)
>  Tumor segmentation in oncological PET images is challenging, a major reason being the partial-volume effects that arise from low system resolution and a finite pixel size. The latter results in pixels containing more than one region, also referred to as tissue-fraction effects. Conventional classification-based segmentation approaches are inherently limited in accounting for the tissue-fraction effects. To address this limitation, we pose the segmentation task as an estimation problem. We propose a Bayesian method that estimates the posterior mean of the tumorfraction area within each pixel and uses these estimates to define the segmented tumor boundary. The method was implemented using an autoencoder. Quantitative evaluation of the method was performed using realistic simulation studies conducted in the context of segmenting the primary tumor in PET images of patients with lung cancer. For these studies, a framework was developed to generate clinically realistic simulated PET images. Realism of these images was quantitatively confirmed using a two-alternative-forced-choice study by six trained readers with expertise in reading PET scans. The evaluation studies demonstrated that the proposed segmentation method was accurate, significantly outperformed widely used conventional methods on the tasks of tumor segmentation and estimation of tumor-fraction areas, was relatively insensitive to partial-volume effects, and reliably estimated the ground-truth tumor boundaries. Further, these results were obtained across different clinical-scanner configurations. This proof-of-concept study demonstrates the efficacy of an estimation-based approach to PET segmentation. 
### 131.Unsupervised Dictionary Learning for Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00293.pdf)
>  We investigate the possibilities of employing dictionary learning to address the requirements of most anomaly detection applications, such as absence of supervision, online formulations, low false positive rates. We present new results of our recent semi-supervised online algorithm, TODDLeR, on a anti-money laundering application. We also introduce a novel unsupervised method of using the performance of the learning algorithm as indication of the nature of the samples. 
### 132.Image Hashing by Minimizing Independent Relaxed Wasserstein Distance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00134.pdf)
>  Image hashing is a fundamental problem in the computer vision domain with various challenges, primarily, in terms of efficiency and effectiveness. Existing hashing methods lack a principled characterization of the goodness of the hash codes and a principled approach to learn the discrete hash functions that are being optimized in the continuous space. Adversarial autoencoders are shown to be able to implicitly learn a robust hash function that generates hash codes which are balanced and have low-quantization error. However, the existing adversarial autoencoders for hashing are too inefficient to be employed for large-scale image retrieval applications because of the minmax optimization procedure. In this paper, we propose an Independent Relaxed Wasserstein Autoencoder, which presents a novel, efficient hashing method that can implicitly learn the optimal hash function by directly training the adversarial autoencoder without any discriminator/critic. Our method is an order-of-magnitude more efficient and has a much lower sample complexity than the Optimal Transport formulation of the Wasserstein distance. The proposed method outperforms the current state-of-the-art image hashing methods for the retrieval task on several prominent image collections. 
### 133.Inexpensive surface electromyography sleeve with consistent electrode placement enables dexterous and stable prosthetic control through deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00070.pdf)
>  The dexterity of conventional myoelectric prostheses is limited in part by the small datasets used to train the control algorithms. Variations in surface electrode positioning make it difficult to collect consistent data and to estimate motor intent reliably over time. To address these challenges, we developed an inexpensive, easy-to-don sleeve that can record robust and repeatable surface electromyography from 32 embedded monopolar electrodes. Embedded grommets are used to consistently align the sleeve with natural skin markings (e.g., moles, freckles, scars). The sleeve can be manufactured in a few hours for less than $60. Data from seven intact participants show the sleeve provides a signal-to-noise ratio of 14, a don-time under 11 seconds, and sub-centimeter precision for electrode placement. Furthermore, in a case study with one intact participant, we use the sleeve to demonstrate that neural networks can provide simultaneous and proportional control of six degrees of freedom, even 263 days after initial algorithm training. We also highlight that consistent recordings, accumulated over time to establish a large dataset, significantly improve dexterity. These results suggest that deep learning with a 74-layer neural network can substantially improve the dexterity and stability of myoelectric prosthetic control, and that deep-learning techniques can be readily instantiated and further validated through inexpensive sleeves/sockets with consistent recording locations. 
### 134.SeismiQB -- a novel framework for deep learning with seismic data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06416.pdf)
>  In recent years, Deep Neural Networks were successfully adopted in numerous domains to solve various image-related tasks, ranging from simple classification to fine borders annotation. Naturally, many researches proposed to use it to solve geological problems. Unfortunately, many of the seismic processing tools were developed years before the era of machine learning, including the most popular SEG-Y data format for storing seismic cubes. Its slow loading speed heavily hampers experimentation speed, which is essential for getting acceptable results. Worse yet, there is no widely-used format for storing surfaces inside the volume (for example, seismic horizons). To address these problems, we've developed an open-sourced Python framework with emphasis on working with neural networks, that provides convenient tools for (i) fast loading seismic cubes in multiple data formats and converting between them, (ii) generating crops of desired shape and augmenting them with various transformations, and (iii) pairing cube data with labeled horizons or other types of geobodies. 
