# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 17 Feb 2021
### 1.Instance Localization for Self-supervised Detection Pretraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08318.pdf)
>  Prior research on self-supervised learning has led to considerable progress on image classification, but often with degraded transfer performance on object detection. The objective of this paper is to advance self-supervised pretrained models specifically for object detection. Based on the inherent difference between classification and detection, we propose a new self-supervised pretext task, called instance localization. Image instances are pasted at various locations and scales onto background images. The pretext task is to predict the instance category given the composited images as well as the foreground bounding boxes. We show that integration of bounding boxes into pretraining promotes better task alignment and architecture alignment for transfer learning. In addition, we propose an augmentation method on the bounding boxes to further enhance the feature alignment. As a result, our model becomes weaker at Imagenet semantic classification but stronger at image patch localization, with an overall stronger pretrained model for object detection. Experimental results demonstrate that our approach yields state-of-the-art transfer learning results for object detection on PASCAL VOC and MSCOCO.      
### 2.Accurate and Clear Precipitation Nowcasting with Consecutive Attention and Rain-map Discrimination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08175.pdf)
>  Precipitation nowcasting is an important task for weather forecasting. Many recent works aim to predict the high rainfall events more accurately with the help of deep learning techniques, but such events are relatively rare. The rarity is often addressed by formulations that re-weight the rare events. Somehow such a formulation carries a side effect of making "blurry" predictions in low rainfall regions and cannot convince meteorologists to trust its practical usability. We fix the trust issue by introducing a discriminator that encourages the prediction model to generate realistic rain-maps without sacrificing predictive accuracy. Furthermore, we extend the nowcasting time frame from one hour to three hours to further address the needs from meteorologists. The extension is based on consecutive attentions across different hours. We propose a new deep learning model for precipitation nowcasting that includes both the discrimination and attention techniques. The model is examined on a newly-built benchmark dataset that contains both radar data and actual rain data. The benchmark, which will be publicly released, not only establishes the superiority of the proposed model, but also is expected to encourage future research on precipitation nowcasting.      
### 3.Does deep machine vision have just noticeable difference (JND)?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08168.pdf)
>  As an important perceptual characteristic of the Human Visual System (HVS), the Just Noticeable Difference (JND) has been studied for decades with image/video processing (e.g., perceptual image/video coding). However, there is little exploration on the existence of JND for AI, like Deep Machine Vision (DMV), although the DMV has made great strides in many machine vision tasks. In this paper, we take an initial attempt, and demonstrate that DMV does have the JND, termed as DMVJND. Besides, we propose a JND model for the classification task in DMV. It has been discovered that DMV can tolerate distorted images with average PSNR of only 9.56dB (the lower the better), by generating JND via unsupervised learning with our DMVJND-NET. In particular, a semantic-guided redundancy assessment strategy is designed to constrain the magnitude and spatial distribution of the JND. Experimental results on classification tasks demonstrate that we successfully find and model the JND for deep machine vision. Meanwhile, our DMV-JND paves a possible direction for DMV oriented image/video compression, watermarking, quality assessment, deep neural network security, and so on.      
### 4.Differentiating Surgeon Expertise Solely by Eye Movement Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08155.pdf)
>  Developments in computer science in recent years are moving into hospitals. Surgeons are faced with ever new technical challenges. Visual perception plays a key role in most of these. Diagnostic and training models are needed to optimize the training of young surgeons. In this study, we present a model for classifying experts, 4th-year residents and 3rd-year residents, using only eye movements. We show a model that uses a minimal set of features and still achieve a robust accuracy of 76.46 % to classify eye movements into the correct class. Likewise, in this study, we address the evolutionary steps of visual perception between three expertise classes, forming a first step towards a diagnostic model for expertise.      
### 5.Flow-Mixup: Classifying Multi-labeled Medical Images with Corrupted Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08148.pdf)
>  In clinical practice, medical image interpretation often involves multi-labeled classification, since the affected parts of a patient tend to present multiple symptoms or comorbidities. Recently, deep learning based frameworks have attained expert-level performance on medical image interpretation, which can be attributed partially to large amounts of accurate annotations. However, manually annotating massive amounts of medical images is impractical, while automatic annotation is fast but imprecise (possibly introducing corrupted labels). In this work, we propose a new regularization approach, called Flow-Mixup, for multi-labeled medical image classification with corrupted labels. Flow-Mixup guides the models to capture robust features for each abnormality, thus helping handle corrupted labels effectively and making it possible to apply automatic annotation. Specifically, Flow-Mixup decouples the extracted features by adding constraints to the hidden states of the models. Also, Flow-Mixup is more stable and effective comparing to other known regularization methods, as shown by theoretical and empirical analyses. Experiments on two electrocardiogram datasets and a chest X-ray dataset containing corrupted labels verify that Flow-Mixup is effective and insensitive to corrupted labels.      
### 6.Boosting Deep Transfer Learning for COVID-19 Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08085.pdf)
>  COVID-19 classification using chest Computed Tomography (CT) has been found pragmatically useful by several studies. Due to the lack of annotated samples, these studies recommend transfer learning and explore the choices of pre-trained models and data augmentation. However, it is still unknown if there are better strategies than vanilla transfer learning for more accurate COVID-19 classification with limited CT data. This paper provides an affirmative answer, devising a novel `model' augmentation technique that allows a considerable performance boost to transfer learning for the task. Our method systematically reduces the distributional shift between the source and target domains and considers augmenting deep learning with complementary representation learning techniques. We establish the efficacy of our method with publicly available datasets and models, along with identifying contrasting observations in the previous studies.      
### 7.Just Noticeable Difference for Machine Perception and Generation of Regularized Adversarial Images with Minimal Perturbation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08079.pdf)
>  In this study, we introduce a measure for machine perception, inspired by the concept of Just Noticeable Difference (JND) of human perception. Based on this measure, we suggest an adversarial image generation algorithm, which iteratively distorts an image by an additive noise until the machine learning model detects the change in the image by outputting a false label. The amount of noise added to the original image is defined as the gradient of the cost function of the machine learning model. This cost function explicitly minimizes the amount of perturbation applied on the input image and it is regularized by bounded range and total variation functions to assure perceptual similarity of the adversarial image to the input. We evaluate the adversarial images generated by our algorithm both qualitatively and quantitatively on CIFAR10, ImageNet, and MS COCO datasets. Our experiments on image classification and object detection tasks show that adversarial images generated by our method are both more successful in deceiving the recognition/detection model and less perturbed compared to the images generated by the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 8.Restore from Restored: Single-image Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08078.pdf)
>  Recent image inpainting methods show promising results due to the power of deep learning, which can explore external information available from a large training dataset. However, many state-of-the-art inpainting networks are still limited in exploiting internal information available in the given input image at test time. To mitigate this problem, we present a novel and efficient self-supervised fine-tuning algorithm that can adapt the parameters of fully pretrained inpainting networks without using ground-truth clean image in this work. We upgrade the parameters of the pretrained networks by utilizing existing self-similar patches within the given input image without changing network architectures. Qualitative and quantitative experimental results demonstrate the superiority of the proposed algorithm and we achieve state-of-the-art inpainting results on publicly available numerous benchmark datasets.      
### 9.A comparative study on movement feature in different directions for micro-expression recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08068.pdf)
>  Micro-expression can reflect people's real emotions. Recognizing micro-expressions is difficult because they are small motions and have a short duration. As the research is deepening into micro-expression recognition, many effective features and methods have been proposed. To determine which direction of movement feature is easier for distinguishing micro-expressions, this paper selects 18 directions (including three types of horizontal, vertical and oblique movements) and proposes a new low-dimensional feature called the Histogram of Single Direction Gradient (HSDG) to study this topic. In this paper, HSDG in every direction is concatenated with LBP-TOP to obtain the LBP with Single Direction Gradient (LBP-SDG) and analyze which direction of movement feature is more discriminative for micro-expression recognition. As with some existing work, Euler Video Magnification (EVM) is employed as a preprocessing step. The experiments on the CASME II and SMIC-HS databases summarize the effective and optimal directions and demonstrate that HSDG in an optimal direction is discriminative, and the corresponding LBP-SDG achieves state-of-the-art performance using EVM.      
### 10.Learning to Recognize Actions on Objects in Egocentric Video with Attention Dictionaries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08065.pdf)
>  We present EgoACO, a deep neural architecture for video action recognition that learns to pool action-context-object descriptors from frame level features by leveraging the verb-noun structure of action labels in egocentric video datasets. The core component of EgoACO is class activation pooling (CAP), a differentiable pooling operation that combines ideas from bilinear pooling for fine-grained recognition and from feature learning for discriminative localization. CAP uses self-attention with a dictionary of learnable weights to pool from the most relevant feature regions. Through CAP, EgoACO learns to decode object and scene context descriptors from video frame features. For temporal modeling in EgoACO, we design a recurrent version of class activation pooling termed Long Short-Term Attention (LSTA). LSTA extends convolutional gated LSTM with built-in spatial attention and a re-designed output gate. Action, object and context descriptors are fused by a multi-head prediction that accounts for the inter-dependencies between noun-verb-action structured labels in egocentric video datasets. EgoACO features built-in visual explanations, helping learning and interpretation. Results on the two largest egocentric action recognition datasets currently available, EPIC-KITCHENS and EGTEA, show that by explicitly decoding action-context-object descriptors, EgoACO achieves state-of-the-art recognition performance.      
### 11.A Multiscale Graph Convolutional Network for Change Detection in Homogeneous and Heterogeneous Remote Sensing Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08041.pdf)
>  Change detection (CD) in remote sensing images has been an ever-expanding area of research. To date, although many methods have been proposed using various techniques, accurately identifying changes is still a great challenge, especially in the high resolution or heterogeneous situations, due to the difficulties in effectively modeling the features from ground objects with different patterns. In this paper, a novel CD method based on the graph convolutional network (GCN) and multiscale object-based technique is proposed for both homogeneous and heterogeneous images. First, the object-wise high level features are obtained through a pre-trained U-net and the multiscale segmentations. Treating each parcel as a node, the graph representations can be formed and then, fed into the proposed multiscale graph convolutional network with each channel corresponding to one scale. The multiscale GCN propagates the label information from a small number of labeled nodes to the other ones which are unlabeled. Further, to comprehensively incorporate the information from the output channels of multiscale GCN, a fusion strategy is designed using the father-child relationships between scales. Extensive Experiments on optical, SAR and heterogeneous optical/SAR data sets demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms some state-of the-art methods in both qualitative and quantitative evaluations. Besides, the Influences of some factors are also discussed.      
### 12.Uncertainty-based method for improving poorly labeled segmentation datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08021.pdf)
>  The success of modern deep learning algorithms for image segmentation heavily depends on the availability of large datasets with clean pixel-level annotations (masks), where the objects of interest are accurately delineated. Lack of time and expertise during data annotation leads to incorrect boundaries and label noise. It is known that deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) can memorize even completely random labels, resulting in poor accuracy. We propose a framework to train binary segmentation DCNNs using sets of unreliable pixel-level annotations. Erroneously labeled pixels are identified based on the estimated aleatoric uncertainty of the segmentation and are relabeled to the true value.      
### 13.EfficientLPS: Efficient LiDAR Panoptic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08009.pdf)
>  Panoptic segmentation of point clouds is a crucial task that enables autonomous vehicles to comprehend their vicinity using their highly accurate and reliable LiDAR sensors. Existing top-down approaches tackle this problem by either combining independent task-specific networks or translating methods from the image domain ignoring the intricacies of LiDAR data and thus often resulting in sub-optimal performance. In this paper, we present the novel top-down Efficient LiDAR Panoptic Segmentation (EfficientLPS) architecture that addresses multiple challenges in segmenting LiDAR point clouds including distance-dependent sparsity, severe occlusions, large scale-variations, and re-projection errors. EfficientLPS comprises of a novel shared backbone that encodes with strengthened geometric transformation modeling capacity and aggregates semantically rich range-aware multi-scale features. It incorporates new scale-invariant semantic and instance segmentation heads along with the panoptic fusion module which is supervised by our proposed panoptic periphery loss function. Additionally, we formulate a regularized pseudo labeling framework to further improve the performance of EfficientLPS by training on unlabelled data. We benchmark our proposed model on two large-scale LiDAR datasets: nuScenes, for which we also provide ground truth annotations, and SemanticKITTI. Notably, EfficientLPS sets the new state-of-the-art on both these datasets.      
### 14.TransFuse: Fusing Transformers and CNNs for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08005.pdf)
>  U-Net based convolutional neural networks with deep feature representation and skip-connections have significantly boosted the performance of medical image segmentation. In this paper, we study the more challenging problem of improving efficiency in modeling global contexts without losing localization ability for low-level details. TransFuse, a novel two-branch architecture is proposed, which combines Transformers and CNNs in a parallel style. With TransFuse, both global dependency and low-level spatial details can be efficiently captured in a much shallower manner. Besides, a novel fusion technique - BiFusion module is proposed to fuse the multi-level features from each branch. TransFuse achieves the newest state-of-the-arts on polyp segmentation task, with 20\% fewer parameters and the fastest inference speed at about 98.7 FPS.      
### 15.Feature Pyramid Network with Multi-Head Attention for Se-mantic Segmentation of Fine-Resolution Remotely Sensed Im-ages  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07997.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation from fine-resolution remotely sensed images is an urgent issue in satellite imagery processing. Due to the complicated environment, automatic categorization and segmen-tation is a challenging matter especially for images with a fine resolution. Solving it can help to surmount a wide varied range of obstacles in urban planning, environmental protection, and natural landscape monitoring, which paves the way for complete scene understanding. However, the existing frequently-used encoder-decoder structure is unable to effectively combine the extracted spatial and contextual features. Therefore, in this paper, we introduce the Feature Pyramid Net-work (FPN) to bridge the gap between the low-level and high-level features. Moreover, we enhance the contextual information with the elaborate Multi-Head Attention module and propose the Feature Pyramid Network with Multi-Head Attention (FPN-MHA) for semantic segmentation of fine-resolution remotely sensed images. Extensive experiments conducted on the ISPRS Potsdam and Vaihingen datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our FPN-MHA. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lironui/FPN-MHA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 16.LEAD: LiDAR Extender for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07989.pdf)
>  3D perception using sensors under vehicle industrial standard is the rigid demand in autonomous driving. MEMS LiDAR emerges with irresistible trend due to its lower cost, more robust, and meeting the mass-production standards. However, it suffers small field of view (FoV), slowing down the step of its population. In this paper, we propose LEAD, i.e., LiDAR Extender for Autonomous Driving, to extend the MEMS LiDAR by coupled image w.r.t both FoV and range. We propose a multi-stage propagation strategy based on depth distributions and uncertainty map, which shows effective propagation ability. Moreover, our depth outpainting/propagation network follows a teacher-student training fashion, which transfers depth estimation ability to depth completion network without any scale error passed. To validate the LiDAR extension quality, we utilize a high-precise laser scanner to generate a ground-truth dataset. Quantitative and qualitative evaluations show that our scheme outperforms SOTAs with a large margin. We believe the proposed LEAD along with the dataset would benefit the community w.r.t depth researches.      
### 17.SiMaN: Sign-to-Magnitude Network Binarization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07981.pdf)
>  Binary neural networks (BNNs) have attracted broad research interest due to their efficient storage and computational ability. Nevertheless, a significant challenge of BNNs lies in handling discrete constraints while ensuring bit entropy maximization, which typically makes their weight optimization very difficult. Existing methods relax the learning using the sign function, which simply encodes positive weights into +1s, and -1s otherwise. Alternatively, we formulate an angle alignment objective to constrain the weight binarization to {0,+1} to solve the challenge. In this paper, we show that our weight binarization provides an analytical solution by encoding high-magnitude weights into +1s, and 0s otherwise. Therefore, a high-quality discrete solution is established in a computationally efficient manner without the sign function. We prove that the learned weights of binarized networks roughly follow a Laplacian distribution that does not allow entropy maximization, and further demonstrate that it can be effectively solved by simply removing the $\ell_2$ regularization during network training. Our method, dubbed sign-to-magnitude network binarization (SiMaN), is evaluated on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet, demonstrating its superiority over the sign-based state-of-the-arts. Code is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lmbxmu/SiMaN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.A Benchmark of Ocular Disease Intelligent Recognition: One Shot for Multi-disease Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07978.pdf)
>  In ophthalmology, early fundus screening is an economic and effective way to prevent blindness caused by ophthalmic diseases. Clinically, due to the lack of medical resources, manual diagnosis is time-consuming and may delay the condition. With the development of deep learning, some researches on ophthalmic diseases have achieved good results, however, most of them are just based on one disease. During fundus screening, ophthalmologists usually give diagnoses of multi-disease on binocular fundus image, so we release a dataset with 8 diseases to meet the real medical scene, which contains 10,000 fundus images from both eyes of 5,000 patients. We did some benchmark experiments on it through some state-of-the-art deep neural networks. We found simply increasing the scale of network cannot bring good results for multi-disease classification, and a well-structured feature fusion method combines characteristics of multi-disease is needed. Through this work, we hope to advance the research of related fields.      
### 19.Twin Augmented Architectures for Robust Classification of COVID-19 Chest X-Ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07975.pdf)
>  The gold standard for COVID-19 is RT-PCR, testing facilities for which are limited and not always optimally distributed. Test results are delayed, which impacts treatment. Expert radiologists, one of whom is a co-author, are able to diagnose COVID-19 positivity from Chest X-Rays (CXR) and CT scans, that can facilitate timely treatment. Such diagnosis is particularly valuable in locations lacking radiologists with sufficient expertise and familiarity with COVID-19 patients. This paper has two contributions. One, we analyse literature on CXR based COVID-19 diagnosis. We show that popular choices of dataset selection suffer from data homogeneity, leading to misleading results. We compile and analyse a viable benchmark dataset from multiple existing heterogeneous sources. Such a benchmark is important for realistically testing models. Our second contribution relates to learning from imbalanced data. Datasets for COVID X-Ray classification face severe class imbalance, since most subjects are COVID -ve. Twin Support Vector Machines (Twin SVM) and Twin Neural Networks (Twin NN) have, in recent years, emerged as effective ways of handling skewed data. We introduce a state-of-the-art technique, termed as Twin Augmentation, for modifying popular pre-trained deep learning models. Twin Augmentation boosts the performance of a pre-trained deep neural network without requiring re-training. Experiments show, that across a multitude of classifiers, Twin Augmentation is very effective in boosting the performance of given pre-trained model for classification in imbalanced settings.      
### 20.Multi-Attribute Enhancement Network for Person Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07968.pdf)
>  Person Search is designed to jointly solve the problems of Person Detection and Person Re-identification (Re-ID), in which the target person will be located in a large number of uncut images. Over the past few years, Person Search based on deep learning has made great progress. Visual character attributes play a key role in retrieving the query person, which has been explored in Re-ID but has been ignored in Person Search. So, we introduce attribute learning into the model, allowing the use of attribute features for retrieval task. Specifically, we propose a simple and effective model called Multi-Attribute Enhancement (MAE) which introduces attribute tags to learn local features. In addition to learning the global representation of pedestrians, it also learns the local representation, and combines the two aspects to learn robust features to promote the search performance. Additionally, we verify the effectiveness of our module on the existing benchmark dataset, CUHK-SYSU and PRW. Ultimately, our model achieves state-of-the-art among end-to-end methods, especially reaching 91.8% of mAP and 93.0% of rank-1 on CUHK-SYSU. Codes and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/chenlq123/MAE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.AlphaNet: Improved Training of Supernet with Alpha-Divergence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07954.pdf)
>  Weight-sharing neural architecture search (NAS) is an effective technique for automating efficient neural architecture design. Weight-sharing NAS builds a supernet that assembles all the architectures as its sub-networks and jointly trains the supernet with the sub-networks. The success of weight-sharing NAS heavily relies on distilling the knowledge of the supernet to the sub-networks. However, we find that the widely used distillation divergence, i.e., KL divergence, may lead to student sub-networks that over-estimate or under-estimate the uncertainty of the teacher supernet, leading to inferior performance of the sub-networks. In this work, we propose to improve the supernet training with a more generalized alpha-divergence. By adaptively selecting the alpha-divergence, we simultaneously prevent the over-estimation or under-estimation of the uncertainty of the teacher model. We apply the proposed alpha-divergence based supernet training to both slimmable neural networks and weight-sharing NAS, and demonstrate significant improvements. Specifically, our discovered model family, AlphaNet, outperforms prior-art models on a wide range of FLOPs regimes, including BigNAS, Once-for-All networks, FBNetV3, and AttentiveNAS. We achieve ImageNet top-1 accuracy of 80.0% with only 444 MFLOPs.      
### 22.Reciprocal Distance Transform Maps for Crowd Counting and People Localization in Dense Crowd  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07925.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel map for dense crowd counting and people localization. Most crowd counting methods utilize convolution neural networks (CNN) to regress a density map, achieving significant progress recently. However, these regression-based methods are often unable to provide a precise location for each people, attributed to two crucial reasons: 1) the density map consists of a series of blurry Gaussian blobs, 2) severe overlaps exist in the dense region of the density map. To tackle this issue, we propose a novel Reciprocal Distance Transform (R-DT) map for crowd counting. Compared with the density maps, the R-DT maps accurately describe the people location, without overlap between nearby heads in dense regions. We simultaneously implement crowd counting and people localization with a simple network by replacing density maps with R-DT maps. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art localization-based methods in crowd counting and people localization tasks, achieving very competitive performance compared with the regression-based methods in counting tasks. In addition, the proposed method achieves a good generalization performance under cross dataset validation, which further verifies the effectiveness of the R-DT map. The code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dk-liang/RDTM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.MITNet: GAN Enhanced Magnetic Induction Tomography Based on Complex CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07911.pdf)
>  Magnetic induction tomography (MIT) is an efficient solution for long-term brain disease monitoring, which focuses on reconstructing bio-impedance distribution inside the human brain using non-intrusive electromagnetic fields. However, high-quality brain image reconstruction remains challenging since reconstructing images from the measured weak signals is a highly non-linear and ill-conditioned problem. In this work, we propose a generative adversarial network (GAN) enhanced MIT technique, named MITNet, based on a complex convolutional neural network (CNN). The experimental results on the real-world dataset validate the performance of our technique, which outperforms the state-of-art method by 25.27%.      
### 24.VA-RED$^2$: Video Adaptive Redundancy Reduction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07887.pdf)
>  Performing inference on deep learning models for videos remains a challenge due to the large amount of computational resources required to achieve robust recognition. An inherent property of real-world videos is the high correlation of information across frames which can translate into redundancy in either temporal or spatial feature maps of the models, or both. The type of redundant features depends on the dynamics and type of events in the video: static videos have more temporal redundancy while videos focusing on objects tend to have more channel redundancy. Here we present a redundancy reduction framework, termed VA-RED$^2$, which is input-dependent. Specifically, our VA-RED$^2$ framework uses an input-dependent policy to decide how many features need to be computed for temporal and channel dimensions. To keep the capacity of the original model, after fully computing the necessary features, we reconstruct the remaining redundant features from those using cheap linear operations. We learn the adaptive policy jointly with the network weights in a differentiable way with a shared-weight mechanism, making it highly efficient. Extensive experiments on multiple video datasets and different visual tasks show that our framework achieves $20\% - 40\%$ reduction in computation (FLOPs) when compared to state-of-the-art methods without any performance loss. Project page: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://people.csail.mit.edu/bpan/va-red/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 25.PSA-Net: Deep Learning based Physician Style-Aware Segmentation Network for Post-Operative Prostate Cancer Clinical Target Volume  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07880.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation of medical images with DL algorithms has proven to be highly successful. With most of these algorithms, inter-observer variation is an acknowledged problem, leading to sub-optimal results. This problem is even more significant in post-operative clinical target volume (post-op CTV) segmentation due to the absence of macroscopic visual tumor in the image. This study, using post-op CTV segmentation as the test bed, tries to determine if physician styles are consistent and learnable, if there is an impact of physician styles on treatment outcome and toxicity; and how to explicitly deal with physician styles in DL algorithms to facilitate its clinical acceptance. A classifier is trained to identify which physician has contoured the CTV from just the contour and corresponding CT scan, to determine if physician styles are consistent and learnable. Next, we evaluate if adapting automatic segmentation to physician styles would be clinically feasible based on a lack of difference between outcomes. For modeling different physician styles of CTV segmentation, a concept called physician style-aware (PSA) segmentation is proposed which is an encoder-multidecoder network trained with perceptual loss. With the proposed physician style-aware network (PSA-Net), Dice similarity coefficient (DSC) accuracy increases on an average of 3.4% for all physicians from a general model that is not style adapted. We show that stylistic contouring variations also exist between institutions that follow the same segmentation guidelines and show the effectiveness of the proposed method in adapting to new institutional styles. We observed an accuracy improvement of 5% in terms of DSC when adapting to the style of a separate institution.      
### 26.Self-Supervised Features Improve Open-World Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07848.pdf)
>  This is a position paper that addresses the problem of Open-World learning while proposing for the underlying feature representation to be learnt using self-supervision. We also present an unifying open-world framework combining three individual research dimensions which have been explored independently \ie Incremental Learning, Out-of-Distribution detection and Open-World learning. We observe that the supervised feature representations are limited and degenerate for the Open-World setting and unsupervised feature representation is native to each of these three problem domains. Under an unsupervised feature representation, we categorize the problem of detecting unknowns as either Out-of-Label-space or Out-of-Distribution detection, depending on the data used during system training versus system testing. The incremental learning component of our pipeline is a zero-exemplar online model which performs comparatively against state-of-the-art on ImageNet-100 protocol and does not require any back-propagation or retraining of the underlying deep-network. It further outperforms the current state-of-the-art by simply using the same number of exemplars as its counterparts. To evaluate our approach for Open-World learning, we propose a new comprehensive protocol and evaluate its performance in both Out-of-Label and Out-of-Distribution settings for each incremental stage. We also demonstrate the adaptability of our approach by showing how it can work as a plug-in with any of the recently proposed self-supervised feature representation methods.      
### 27.Integrated Grad-CAM: Sensitivity-Aware Visual Explanation of Deep Convolutional Networks via Integrated Gradient-Based Scoring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07805.pdf)
>  Visualizing the features captured by Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) is one of the conventional approaches to interpret the predictions made by these models in numerous image recognition applications. Grad-CAM is a popular solution that provides such a visualization by combining the activation maps obtained from the model. However, the average gradient-based terms deployed in this method underestimates the contribution of the representations discovered by the model to its predictions. Addressing this problem, we introduce a solution to tackle this issue by computing the path integral of the gradient-based terms in Grad-CAM. We conduct a thorough analysis to demonstrate the improvement achieved by our method in measuring the importance of the extracted representations for the CNN's predictions, which yields to our method's administration in object localization and model interpretation.      
### 28.Ada-SISE: Adaptive Semantic Input Sampling for Efficient Explanation of Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07799.pdf)
>  Explainable AI (XAI) is an active research area to interpret a neural network's decision by ensuring transparency and trust in the task-specified learned models. Recently, perturbation-based model analysis has shown better interpretation, but backpropagation techniques are still prevailing because of their computational efficiency. In this work, we combine both approaches as a hybrid visual explanation algorithm and propose an efficient interpretation method for convolutional neural networks. Our method adaptively selects the most critical features that mainly contribute towards a prediction to probe the model by finding the activated features. Experimental results show that the proposed method can reduce the execution time up to 30% while enhancing competitive interpretability without compromising the quality of explanation generated.      
### 29.Interpretable COVID-19 Chest X-Ray Classification via Orthogonality Constraint  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08360.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have increasingly been used as an auxiliary tool in healthcare applications, due to their ability to improve performance of several diagnosis tasks. However, these methods are not widely adopted in clinical settings due to the practical limitations in the reliability, generalizability, and interpretability of deep learning based systems. As a result, methods have been developed that impose additional constraints during network training to gain more control as well as improve interpretabilty, facilitating their acceptance in healthcare community. In this work, we investigate the benefit of using Orthogonal Spheres (OS) constraint for classification of COVID-19 cases from chest X-ray images. The OS constraint can be written as a simple orthonormality term which is used in conjunction with the standard cross-entropy loss during classification network training. Previous studies have demonstrated significant benefits in applying such constraints to deep learning models. Our findings corroborate these observations, indicating that the orthonormality loss function effectively produces improved semantic localization via GradCAM visualizations, enhanced classification performance, and reduced model calibration error. Our approach achieves an improvement in accuracy of 1.6% and 4.8% for two- and three-class classification, respectively; similar results are found for models with data augmentation applied. In addition to these findings, our work also presents a new application of the OS regularizer in healthcare, increasing the post-hoc interpretability and performance of deep learning models for COVID-19 classification to facilitate adoption of these methods in clinical settings. We also identify the limitations of our strategy that can be explored for further research in future.      
### 30.Learning Invariant Representations using Inverse Contrastive Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08343.pdf)
>  Learning invariant representations is a critical first step in a number of machine learning tasks. A common approach corresponds to the so-called information bottleneck principle in which an application dependent function of mutual information is carefully chosen and optimized. Unfortunately, in practice, these functions are not suitable for optimization purposes since these losses are agnostic of the metric structure of the parameters of the model. We introduce a class of losses for learning representations that are invariant to some extraneous variable of interest by inverting the class of contrastive losses, i.e., inverse contrastive loss (ICL). We show that if the extraneous variable is binary, then optimizing ICL is equivalent to optimizing a regularized MMD divergence. More generally, we also show that if we are provided a metric on the sample space, our formulation of ICL can be decomposed into a sum of convex functions of the given distance metric. Our experimental results indicate that models obtained by optimizing ICL achieve significantly better invariance to the extraneous variable for a fixed desired level of accuracy. In a variety of experimental settings, we show applicability of ICL for learning invariant representations for both continuous and discrete extraneous variables.      
### 31.On Mathews Correlation Coefficient and Improved Distance Map Loss for Automatic Glacier Calving Front Segmentation in SAR Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08312.pdf)
>  The vast majority of the outlet glaciers and ice streams of the polar ice sheets end in the ocean. Ice mass loss via calving of the glaciers into the ocean has increased over the last few decades. Information on the temporal variability of the calving front position provides fundamental information on the state of the glacier and ice stream, which can be exploited as calibration and validation data to enhance ice dynamics modeling. To identify the calving front position automatically, deep neural network-based semantic segmentation pipelines can be used to delineate the acquired SAR imagery. However, the extreme class imbalance is highly challenging for the accurate calving front segmentation in these images. Therefore, we propose the use of the Mathews correlation coefficient (MCC) as an early stopping criterion because of its symmetrical properties and its invariance towards class imbalance. Moreover, we propose an improvement to the distance map-based binary cross-entropy (BCE) loss function. The distance map adds context to the loss function about the important regions for segmentation and helps accounting for the imbalanced data. Using Mathews correlation coefficient as early stopping demonstrates an average 15% dice coefficient improvement compared to the commonly used BCE. The modified distance map loss further improves the segmentation performance by another 2%. These results are encouraging as they support the effectiveness of the proposed methods for segmentation problems suffering from extreme class imbalances.      
### 32.Dataset Condensation with Differentiable Siamese Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08259.pdf)
>  In many machine learning problems, large-scale datasets have become the de-facto standard to train state-of-the-art deep networks at the price of heavy computation load. In this paper, we focus on condensing large training sets into significantly smaller synthetic sets which can be used to train deep neural networks from scratch with minimum drop in performance. Inspired from the recent training set synthesis methods, we propose Differentiable Siamese Augmentation that enables effective use of data augmentation to synthesize more informative synthetic images and thus achieves better performance when training networks with augmentations. Experiments on multiple image classification benchmarks demonstrate that the proposed method obtains substantial gains over the state-of-the-art, 7% improvements on CIFAR10 and CIFAR100 datasets. We show with only less than 1% data that our method achieves 99.6%, 94.9%, 88.5%, 71.5% relative performance on MNIST, FashionMNIST, SVHN, CIFAR10 respectively.      
### 33.Hierarchical VAEs Know What They Don't Know  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08248.pdf)
>  Deep generative models have shown themselves to be state-of-the-art density estimators. Yet, recent work has found that they often assign a higher likelihood to data from outside the training distribution. This seemingly paradoxical behavior has caused concerns over the quality of the attained density estimates. In the context of hierarchical variational autoencoders, we provide evidence to explain this behavior by out-of-distribution data having in-distribution low-level features. We argue that this is both expected and desirable behavior. With this insight in hand, we develop a fast, scalable and fully unsupervised likelihood-ratio score for OOD detection that requires data to be in-distribution across all feature-levels. We benchmark the method on a vast set of data and model combinations and achieve state-of-the-art results on out-of-distribution detection.      
### 34.Going Beyond Saliency Maps: Training Deep Models to Interpret Deep Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08239.pdf)
>  Interpretability is a critical factor in applying complex deep learning models to advance the understanding of brain disorders in neuroimaging studies. To interpret the decision process of a trained classifier, existing techniques typically rely on saliency maps to quantify the voxel-wise or feature-level importance for classification through partial derivatives. Despite providing some level of localization, these maps are not human-understandable from the neuroscience perspective as they do not inform the specific meaning of the alteration linked to the brain disorder. Inspired by the image-to-image translation scheme, we propose to train simulator networks that can warp a given image to inject or remove patterns of the disease. These networks are trained such that the classifier produces consistently increased or decreased prediction logits for the simulated images. Moreover, we propose to couple all the simulators into a unified model based on conditional convolution. We applied our approach to interpreting classifiers trained on a synthetic dataset and two neuroimaging datasets to visualize the effect of the Alzheimer's disease and alcohol use disorder. Compared to the saliency maps generated by baseline approaches, our simulations and visualizations based on the Jacobian determinants of the warping field reveal meaningful and understandable patterns related to the diseases.      
### 35.Hough2Map -- Iterative Event-based Hough Transform for High-Speed Railway Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08145.pdf)
>  To cope with the growing demand for transportation on the railway system, accurate, robust, and high-frequency positioning is required to enable a safe and efficient utilization of the existing railway infrastructure. As a basis for a localization system we propose a complete on-board mapping pipeline able to map robust meaningful landmarks, such as poles from power lines, in the vicinity of the vehicle. Such poles are good candidates for reliable and long term landmarks even through difficult weather conditions or seasonal changes. To address the challenges of motion blur and illumination changes in railway scenarios we employ a Dynamic Vision Sensor, a novel event-based camera. Using a sideways oriented on-board camera, poles appear as vertical lines. To map such lines in a real-time event stream, we introduce Hough2Map, a novel consecutive iterative event-based Hough transform framework capable of detecting, tracking, and triangulating close-by structures. We demonstrate the mapping reliability and accuracy of Hough2Map on real-world data in typical usage scenarios and evaluate using surveyed infrastructure ground truth maps. Hough2Map achieves a detection reliability of up to 92% and a mapping root mean square error accuracy of 1.1518m.      
### 36.EPE-NAS: Efficient Performance Estimation Without Training for Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08099.pdf)
>  Neural Architecture Search (NAS) has shown excellent results in designing architectures for computer vision problems. NAS alleviates the need for human-defined settings by automating architecture design and engineering. However, NAS methods tend to be slow, as they require large amounts of GPU computation. This bottleneck is mainly due to the performance estimation strategy, which requires the evaluation of the generated architectures, mainly by training them, to update the sampler method. In this paper, we propose EPE-NAS, an efficient performance estimation strategy, that mitigates the problem of evaluating networks, by scoring untrained networks and creating a correlation with their trained performance. We perform this process by looking at intra and inter-class correlations of an untrained network. We show that EPE-NAS can produce a robust correlation and that by incorporating it into a simple random sampling strategy, we are able to search for competitive networks, without requiring any training, in a matter of seconds using a single GPU. Moreover, EPE-NAS is agnostic to the search method, since it focuses on the evaluation of untrained networks, making it easy to integrate into almost any NAS method.      
### 37.GradInit: Learning to Initialize Neural Networks for Stable and Efficient Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08098.pdf)
>  Changes in neural architectures have fostered significant breakthroughs in language modeling and computer vision. Unfortunately, novel architectures often require re-thinking the choice of hyperparameters (e.g., learning rate, warmup schedule, and momentum coefficients) to maintain stability of the optimizer. This optimizer instability is often the result of poor parameter initialization, and can be avoided by architecture-specific initialization schemes. In this paper, we present GradInit, an automated and architecture agnostic method for initializing neural networks. GradInit is based on a simple heuristic; the variance of each network layer is adjusted so that a single step of SGD or Adam results in the smallest possible loss value. This adjustment is done by introducing a scalar multiplier variable in front of each parameter block, and then optimizing these variables using a simple numerical scheme. GradInit accelerates the convergence and test performance of many convolutional architectures, both with or without skip connections, and even without normalization layers. It also enables training the original Post-LN Transformer for machine translation without learning rate warmup under a wide range of learning rates and momentum coefficients. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhuchen03/gradinit" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 38.Supervised Training of Dense Object Nets using Optimal Descriptors for Industrial Robotic Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08096.pdf)
>  Dense Object Nets (DONs) by Florence, Manuelli and Tedrake (2018) introduced dense object descriptors as a novel visual object representation for the robotics community. It is suitable for many applications including object grasping, policy learning, etc. DONs map an RGB image depicting an object into a descriptor space image, which implicitly encodes key features of an object invariant to the relative camera pose. Impressively, the self-supervised training of DONs can be applied to arbitrary objects and can be evaluated and deployed within hours. However, the training approach relies on accurate depth images and faces challenges with small, reflective objects, typical for industrial settings, when using consumer grade depth cameras. In this paper we show that given a 3D model of an object, we can generate its descriptor space image, which allows for supervised training of DONs. We rely on Laplacian Eigenmaps (LE) to embed the 3D model of an object into an optimally generated space. While our approach uses more domain knowledge, it can be efficiently applied even for smaller and reflective objects, as it does not rely on depth information. We compare the training methods on generating 6D grasps for industrial objects and show that our novel supervised training approach improves the pick-and-place performance in industry-relevant tasks.      
### 39.Composing Pick-and-Place Tasks By Grounding Language  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08094.pdf)
>  Controlling robots to perform tasks via natural language is one of the most challenging topics in human-robot interaction. In this work, we present a robot system that follows unconstrained language instructions to pick and place arbitrary objects and effectively resolves ambiguities through dialogues. Our approach infers objects and their relationships from input images and language expressions and can place objects in accordance with the spatial relations expressed by the user. Unlike previous approaches, we consider grounding not only for the picking but also for the placement of everyday objects from language. Specifically, by grounding objects and their spatial relations, we allow specification of complex placement instructions, e.g. "place it behind the middle red bowl". Our results obtained using a real-world PR2 robot demonstrate the effectiveness of our method in understanding pick-and-place language instructions and sequentially composing them to solve tabletop manipulation tasks. Videos are available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://speechrobot.cs.uni-freiburg.de" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 40.An AutoML-based Approach to Multimodal Image Sentiment Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08092.pdf)
>  Sentiment analysis is a research topic focused on analysing data to extract information related to the sentiment that it causes. Applications of sentiment analysis are wide, ranging from recommendation systems, and marketing to customer satisfaction. Recent approaches evaluate textual content using Machine Learning techniques that are trained over large corpora. However, as social media grown, other data types emerged in large quantities, such as images. Sentiment analysis in images has shown to be a valuable complement to textual data since it enables the inference of the underlying message polarity by creating context and connections. Multimodal sentiment analysis approaches intend to leverage information of both textual and image content to perform an evaluation. Despite recent advances, current solutions still flounder in combining both image and textual information to classify social media data, mainly due to subjectivity, inter-class homogeneity and fusion data differences. In this paper, we propose a method that combines both textual and image individual sentiment analysis into a final fused classification based on AutoML, that performs a random search to find the best model. Our method achieved state-of-the-art performance in the B-T4SA dataset, with 95.19% accuracy.      
### 41.DAN-Net: Dual-Domain Adaptive-Scaling Non-local Network for CT Metal Artifact Reduction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.08003.pdf)
>  Metal implants can heavily attenuate X-rays in computed tomography (CT) scans, leading to severe artifacts in reconstructed images, which significantly jeopardize image quality and negatively impact subsequent diagnoses and treatment planning. With the rapid development of deep learning in the field of medical imaging, several network models have been proposed for metal artifact reduction (MAR) in CT. Despite the encouraging results achieved by these methods, there is still much room to further improve performance. In this paper, a novel Dual-domain Adaptive-scaling Non-local network (DAN-Net) for MAR. We correct the corrupted sinogram using adaptive scaling first to preserve more tissue and bone details as a more informative input. Then, an end-to-end dual-domain network is adopted to successively process the sinogram and its corresponding reconstructed image generated by the analytical reconstruction layer. In addition, to better suppress the existing artifacts and restrain the potential secondary artifacts caused by inaccurate results of the sinogram-domain network, a novel residual sinogram learning strategy and nonlocal module are leveraged in the proposed network model. In the experiments, the proposed DAN-Net demonstrates performance competitive with several state-of-the-art MAR methods in both qualitative and quantitative aspects.      
### 42.A Generic Descent Aggregation Framework for Gradient-based Bi-level Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07976.pdf)
>  In recent years, gradient-based methods for solving bi-level optimization tasks have drawn a great deal of interest from the machine learning community. However, to calculate the gradient of the best response, existing research always relies on the singleton of the lower-level solution set (a.k.a., Lower-Level Singleton, LLS). In this work, by formulating bi-level models from an optimistic bi-level viewpoint, we first establish a novel Bi-level Descent Aggregation (BDA) framework, which aggregates hierarchical objectives of both upper level and lower level. The flexibility of our framework benefits from the embedded replaceable task-tailored iteration dynamics modules, thereby capturing a wide range of bi-level learning tasks. Theoretically, we derive a new methodology to prove the convergence of BDA framework without the LLS restriction. Besides, the new proof recipe we propose is also engaged to improve the convergence results of conventional gradient-based bi-level methods under the LLS simplification. Furthermore, we employ a one-stage technique to accelerate the back-propagation calculation in a numerical manner. Extensive experiments justify our theoretical results and demonstrate the superiority of the proposed algorithm for hyper-parameter optimization and meta-learning tasks.      
### 43.A Sub-band Approach to Deep Denoising Wavelet Networks and a Frequency-adaptive Loss for Perceptual Quality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07973.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose two contributions to neural network based denoising. First, we propose applying separate convolutional layers to each sub-band of discrete wavelet transform (DWT) as opposed to the common usage of DWT which concatenates all sub-bands and applies a single convolution layer. We show that our approach to using DWT in neural networks improves the accuracy notably, due to keeping the sub-band order uncorrupted prior to inverse DWT. Our second contribution is a denoising loss based on top k-percent of errors in frequency domain. A neural network trained with this loss, adaptively focuses on frequencies that it fails to recover the most in each iteration. We show that this loss results into better perceptual quality by providing an image that is more balanced in terms of the errors in frequency components.      
### 44.ResNet-LDDMM: Advancing the LDDMM Framework Using Deep Residual Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07951.pdf)
>  In deformable registration, the geometric framework - large deformation diffeomorphic metric mapping or LDDMM, in short - has inspired numerous techniques for comparing, deforming, averaging and analyzing shapes or images. Grounded in flows, which are akin to the equations of motion used in fluid dynamics, LDDMM algorithms solve the flow equation in the space of plausible deformations, i.e. diffeomorphisms. In this work, we make use of deep residual neural networks to solve the non-stationary ODE (flow equation) based on a Euler's discretization scheme. The central idea is to represent time-dependent velocity fields as fully connected ReLU neural networks (building blocks) and derive optimal weights by minimizing a regularized loss function. Computing minimizing paths between deformations, thus between shapes, turns to find optimal network parameters by back-propagating over the intermediate building blocks. Geometrically, at each time step, ResNet-LDDMM searches for an optimal partition of the space into multiple polytopes, and then computes optimal velocity vectors as affine transformations on each of these polytopes. As a result, different parts of the shape, even if they are close (such as two fingers of a hand), can be made to belong to different polytopes, and therefore be moved in different directions without costing too much energy. Importantly, we show how diffeomorphic transformations, or more precisely bilipshitz transformations, are predicted by our algorithm. We illustrate these ideas on diverse registration problems of 3D shapes under complex topology-preserving transformations. We thus provide essential foundations for more advanced shape variability analysis under a novel joint geometric-neural networks Riemannian-like framework, i.e. ResNet-LDDMM.      
### 45.Deep Equilibrium Architectures for Inverse Problems in Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07944.pdf)
>  Recent efforts on solving inverse problems in imaging via deep neural networks use architectures inspired by a fixed number of iterations of an optimization method. The number of iterations is typically quite small due to difficulties in training networks corresponding to more iterations; the resulting solvers cannot be run for more iterations at test time without incurring significant errors. This paper describes an alternative approach corresponding to an {\em infinite} number of iterations, yielding up to a 4dB PSNR improvement in reconstruction accuracy above state-of-the-art alternatives and where the computational budget can be selected at test time to optimize context-dependent trade-offs between accuracy and computation. The proposed approach leverages ideas from Deep Equilibrium Models, where the fixed-point iteration is constructed to incorporate a known forward model and insights from classical optimization-based reconstruction methods.      
### 46.Structured Graph Learning for Scalable Subspace Clustering: From Single-view to Multi-view  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07943.pdf)
>  Graph-based subspace clustering methods have exhibited promising performance. However, they still suffer some of these drawbacks: encounter the expensive time overhead, fail in exploring the explicit clusters, and cannot generalize to unseen data points. In this work, we propose a scalable graph learning framework, seeking to address the above three challenges simultaneously. Specifically, it is based on the ideas of anchor points and bipartite graph. Rather than building a $n\times n$ graph, where $n$ is the number of samples, we construct a bipartite graph to depict the relationship between samples and anchor points. Meanwhile, a connectivity constraint is employed to ensure that the connected components indicate clusters directly. We further establish the connection between our method and the K-means clustering. Moreover, a model to process multi-view data is also proposed, which is linear scaled with respect to $n$. Extensive experiments demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our approach with respect to many state-of-the-art clustering methods.      
### 47.A Deep-Learning Approach For Direct Whole-Heart Mesh Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07899.pdf)
>  Automated construction of surface geometries of cardiac structures from volumetric medical images is important for a number of clinical applications. While deep-learning based approaches have demonstrated promising reconstruction precision, these approaches have mostly focused on voxel-wise segmentation followed by surface reconstruction and post-processing techniques. However, such approaches suffer from a number of limitations including disconnected regions or incorrect surface topology due to erroneous segmentation and stair-case artifacts due to limited segmentation resolution. We propose a novel deep-learning-based approach that directly predicts whole heart surface meshes from volumetric CT and MR image data. Our approach leverages a graph convolutional neural network to predict deformation on mesh vertices from a pre-defined mesh template to reconstruct multiple anatomical structures in a 3D image volume. Our method demonstrated promising performance of generating high-resolution and high-quality whole heart reconstructions and outperformed prior deep-learning based methods on both CT and MR data in terms of precision and surface quality. Furthermore, our method can more efficiently produce temporally-consistent and feature-corresponding surface mesh predictions for heart motion from CT or MR cine sequences, and therefore can potentially be applied for efficiently constructing 4D whole heart dynamics.      
### 48.Phase-Modulated Radar Waveform Classification Using Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07827.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of classifying noisy, phase-modulated radar waveforms. While traditionally this has been accomplished by applying classical machine-learning algorithms on hand-crafted features, it has recently been shown that better performance can be attained by training deep neural networks (DNNs) to classify raw I/Q waveforms. However, existing DNNs assume time-synchronized waveforms and do not exploit complex-valued signal structure, and many aspects of the their DNN design and training are suboptimal. We demonstrate that, with an improved DNN architecture and training procedure, it is possible to reduce classification error from 18% to 0.14% on asynchronous waveforms from the SIDLE dataset. Unlike past work, we furthermore demonstrate that accurate classification of multiple overlapping waveforms is also possible, by achieving 4.0% error with 4 asynchronous SIDLE waveforms.      
