# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 24 Feb 2021
### 1.UnsupervisedR&amp;R: Unsupervised Point Cloud Registration via Differentiable Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11870.pdf)
>  Aligning partial views of a scene into a single whole is essential to understanding one's environment and is a key component of numerous robotics tasks such as SLAM and SfM. Recent approaches have proposed end-to-end systems that can outperform traditional methods by leveraging pose supervision. However, with the rising prevalence of cameras with depth sensors, we can expect a new stream of raw RGB-D data without the annotations needed for supervision. We propose UnsupervisedR&amp;R: an end-to-end unsupervised approach to learning point cloud registration from raw RGB-D video. The key idea is to leverage differentiable alignment and rendering to enforce photometric and geometric consistency between frames. We evaluate our approach on indoor scene datasets and find that we outperform existing traditional approaches with classic and learned descriptors while being competitive with supervised geometric point cloud registration approaches.      
### 2.Probabilistic Spatial Analysis in Quantitative Microscopy with Uncertainty-Aware Cell Detection using Deep Bayesian Regression of Density Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11865.pdf)
>  3D microscopy is key in the investigation of diverse biological systems, and the ever increasing availability of large datasets demands automatic cell identification methods that not only are accurate, but also can imply the uncertainty in their predictions to inform about potential errors and hence confidence in conclusions using them. While conventional deep learning methods often yield deterministic results, advances in deep Bayesian learning allow for accurate predictions with a probabilistic interpretation in numerous image classification and segmentation tasks. It is however nontrivial to extend such Bayesian methods to cell detection, which requires specialized learning frameworks. In particular, regression of density maps is a popular successful approach for extracting cell coordinates from local peaks in a postprocessing step, which hinders any meaningful probabilistic output. We herein propose a deep learning-based cell detection framework that can operate on large microscopy images and outputs desired probabilistic predictions by (i) integrating Bayesian techniques for the regression of uncertainty-aware density maps, where peak detection can be applied to generate cell proposals, and (ii) learning a mapping from the numerous proposals to a probabilistic space that is calibrated, i.e. accurately represents the chances of a successful prediction. Utilizing such calibrated predictions, we propose a probabilistic spatial analysis with Monte-Carlo sampling. We demonstrate this in revising an existing description of the distribution of a mesenchymal stromal cell type within the bone marrow, where our proposed methods allow us to reveal spatial patterns that are otherwise undetectable. Introducing such probabilistic analysis in quantitative microscopy pipelines will allow for reporting confidence intervals for testing biological hypotheses of spatial distributions.      
### 3.STEP: Segmenting and Tracking Every Pixel  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11859.pdf)
>  In this paper, we tackle video panoptic segmentation, a task that requires assigning semantic classes and track identities to all pixels in a video. To study this important problem in a setting that requires a continuous interpretation of sensory data, we present a new benchmark: Segmenting and Tracking Every Pixel (STEP), encompassing two datasets, KITTI-STEP, and MOTChallenge-STEP together with a new evaluation metric. Our work is the first that targets this task in a real-world setting that requires dense interpretation in both spatial and temporal domains. As the ground-truth for this task is difficult and expensive to obtain, existing datasets are either constructed synthetically or only sparsely annotated within short video clips. By contrast, our datasets contain long video sequences, providing challenging examples and a test-bed for studying long-term pixel-precise segmentation and tracking. For measuring the performance, we propose a novel evaluation metric Segmentation and Tracking Quality (STQ) that fairly balances semantic and tracking aspects of this task and is suitable for evaluating sequences of arbitrary length. We will make our datasets, metric, and baselines publicly available.      
### 4.Meta-Learned Attribute Self-Gating for Continual Generalized Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11856.pdf)
>  Zero-shot learning (ZSL) has been shown to be a promising approach to generalizing a model to categories unseen during training by leveraging class attributes, but challenges still remain. Recently, methods using generative models to combat bias towards classes seen during training have pushed the state of the art of ZSL, but these generative models can be slow or computationally expensive to train. Additionally, while many previous ZSL methods assume a one-time adaptation to unseen classes, in reality, the world is always changing, necessitating a constant adjustment for deployed models. Models unprepared to handle a sequential stream of data are likely to experience catastrophic forgetting. We propose a meta-continual zero-shot learning (MCZSL) approach to address both these issues. In particular, by pairing self-gating of attributes and scaled class normalization with meta-learning based training, we are able to outperform state-of-the-art results while being able to train our models substantially faster ($&gt;100\times$) than expensive generative-based approaches. We demonstrate this by performing experiments on five standard ZSL datasets (CUB, aPY, AWA1, AWA2 and SUN) in both generalized zero-shot learning and generalized continual zero-shot learning settings.      
### 5.Page Layout Analysis System for Unconstrained Historic Documents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11838.pdf)
>  Extraction of text regions and individual text lines from historic documents is necessary for automatic transcription. We propose extending a CNN-based text baseline detection system by adding line height and text block boundary predictions to the model output, allowing the system to extract more comprehensive layout information. We also show that pixel-wise text orientation prediction can be used for processing documents with multiple text orientations. We demonstrate that the proposed method performs well on the cBAD baseline detection dataset. Additionally, we benchmark the method on newly introduced PERO layout dataset which we also make public.      
### 6.Dynamic Neural Garments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11811.pdf)
>  A vital task of the wider digital human effort is the creation of realistic garments on digital avatars, both in the form of characteristic fold patterns and wrinkles in static frames as well as richness of garment dynamics under avatars' motion. Existing workflow of modeling, simulation, and rendering closely replicates the physics behind real garments, but is tedious and requires repeating most of the workflow under changes to characters' motion, camera angle, or garment resizing. Although data-driven solutions exist, they either focus on static scenarios or only handle dynamics of tight garments. We present a solution that, at test time, takes in body joint motion to directly produce realistic dynamic garment image sequences. Specifically, given the target joint motion sequence of an avatar, we propose dynamic neural garments to jointly simulate and render plausible dynamic garment appearance from an unseen viewpoint. Technically, our solution generates a coarse garment proxy sequence, learns deep dynamic features attached to this template, and neurally renders the features to produce appearance changes such as folds, wrinkles, and silhouettes. We demonstrate generalization behavior to both unseen motion and unseen camera views. Further, our network can be fine-tuned to adopt to new body shape and/or background images. We also provide comparisons against existing neural rendering and image sequence translation approaches, and report clear quantitative improvements.      
### 7.Uncertainty-aware Generalized Adaptive CycleGAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11747.pdf)
>  Unpaired image-to-image translation refers to learning inter-image-domain mapping in an unsupervised manner. Existing methods often learn deterministic mappings without explicitly modelling the robustness to outliers or predictive uncertainty, leading to performance degradation when encountering unseen out-of-distribution (OOD) patterns at test time. To address this limitation, we propose a novel probabilistic method called Uncertainty-aware Generalized Adaptive Cycle Consistency (UGAC), which models the per-pixel residual by generalized Gaussian distribution, capable of modelling heavy-tailed distributions. We compare our model with a wide variety of state-of-the-art methods on two challenging tasks: unpaired image denoising in the natural image and unpaired modality prorogation in medical image domains. Experimental results demonstrate that our model offers superior image generation quality compared to recent methods in terms of quantitative metrics such as signal-to-noise ratio and structural similarity. Our model also exhibits stronger robustness towards OOD test data.      
### 8.Weakly-supervised multi-class object localization using only object counts as labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11743.pdf)
>  We demonstrate the use of an extensive deep neural network to localize instances of objects in images. The EDNN is naturally able to accurately perform multi-class counting using only ground truth count values as labels. Without providing any conceptual information, object annotations, or pixel segmentation information, the neural network is able to formulate its own conceptual representation of the items in the image. Using images labelled with only the counts of the objects present,the structure of the extensive deep neural network can be exploited to perform localization of the objects within the visual field. We demonstrate that a trained EDNN can be used to count objects in images much larger than those on which it was trained. In order to demonstrate our technique, we introduce seven new data sets: five progressively harder MNIST digit-counting data sets, and two datasets of 3d-rendered rubber ducks in various situations. On most of these datasets, the EDNN achieves greater than 99% test set accuracy in counting objects.      
### 9.Rethinking Natural Adversarial Examples for Classification Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11731.pdf)
>  Recently, it was found that many real-world examples without intentional modifications can fool machine learning models, and such examples are called "natural adversarial examples". ImageNet-A is a famous dataset of natural adversarial examples. By analyzing this dataset, we hypothesized that large, cluttered and/or unusual background is an important reason why the images in this dataset are difficult to be classified. We validated the hypothesis by reducing the background influence in ImageNet-A examples with object detection techniques. Experiments showed that the object detection models with various classification models as backbones obtained much higher accuracy than their corresponding classification models. A detection model based on the classification model EfficientNet-B7 achieved a top-1 accuracy of 53.95%, surpassing previous state-of-the-art classification models trained on ImageNet, suggesting that accurate localization information can significantly boost the performance of classification models on ImageNet-A. We then manually cropped the objects in images from ImageNet-A and created a new dataset, named ImageNet-A-Plus. A human test on the new dataset showed that the deep learning-based classifiers still performed quite poorly compared with humans. Therefore, the new dataset can be used to study the robustness of classification models to the internal variance of objects without considering the background disturbance.      
### 10.RGB-D Railway Platform Monitoring and Scene Understanding for Enhanced Passenger Safety  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11730.pdf)
>  Automated monitoring and analysis of passenger movement in safety-critical parts of transport infrastructures represent a relevant visual surveillance task. Recent breakthroughs in visual representation learning and spatial sensing opened up new possibilities for detecting and tracking humans and objects within a 3D spatial context. This paper proposes a flexible analysis scheme and a thorough evaluation of various processing pipelines to detect and track humans on a ground plane, calibrated automatically via stereo depth and pedestrian detection. We consider multiple combinations within a set of RGB- and depth-based detection and tracking modalities. We exploit the modular concepts of Meshroom [2] and demonstrate its use as a generic vision processing pipeline and scalable evaluation framework. Furthermore, we introduce a novel open RGB-D railway platform dataset with annotations to support research activities in automated RGB-D surveillance. We present quantitative results for multiple object detection and tracking for various algorithmic combinations on our dataset. Results indicate that the combined use of depth-based spatial information and learned representations yields substantially enhanced detection and tracking accuracies. As demonstrated, these enhancements are especially pronounced in adverse situations when occlusions and objects not captured by learned representations are present.      
### 11.A System for 3D Reconstruction Of Comminuted Tibial Plafond Bone Fractures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11684.pdf)
>  High energy impacts at joint locations often generate highly fragmented, or comminuted, bone fractures. Current approaches for treatment require physicians to decide how to classify the fracture within a hierarchy fracture severity categories. Each category then provides a best-practice treatment scenario to obtain the best possible prognosis for the patient. This article identifies shortcomings associated with qualitative-only evaluation of fracture severity and provides new quantitative metrics that serve to address these shortcomings. We propose a system to semi-automatically extract quantitative metrics that are major indicators of fracture severity. These include: (i) fracture surface area, i.e., how much surface area was generated when the bone broke apart, and (ii) dispersion, i.e., how far the fragments have rotated and translated from their original anatomic positions. This article describes new computational tools to extract these metrics by computationally reconstructing 3D bone anatomy from CT images with a focus on tibial plafond fracture cases where difficult qualitative fracture severity cases are more prevalent. Reconstruction is accomplished within a single system that integrates several novel algorithms that identify, extract and piece-together fractured fragments in a virtual environment. Doing so provides objective quantitative measures for these fracture severity indicators. The availability of such measures provides new tools for fracture severity assessment which may lead to improved fracture treatment. This paper describes the system, the underlying algorithms and the metrics of the reconstruction results by quantitatively analyzing six clinical tibial plafond fracture cases.      
### 12.Self-Supervised Noisy Label Learning for Source-Free Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11614.pdf)
>  It is a strong prerequisite to access source data freely in many existing unsupervised domain adaptation approaches. However, source data is agnostic in many practical scenarios due to the constraints of expensive data transmission and data privacy protection. Usually, the given source domain pre-trained model is expected to optimize with only unlabeled target data, which is termed as source-free unsupervised domain adaptation. In this paper, we solve this problem from the perspective of noisy label learning, since the given pre-trained model can pre-generate noisy label for unlabeled target data via directly network inference. Under this problem modeling, incorporating self-supervised learning, we propose a novel Self-Supervised Noisy Label Learning method, which can effectively fine-tune the pre-trained model with pre-generated label as well as selfgenerated label on the fly. Extensive experiments had been conducted to validate its effectiveness. Our method can easily achieve state-of-the-art results and surpass other methods by a very large margin. Code will be released.      
### 13.SeqNet: Learning Descriptors for Sequence-based Hierarchical Place Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11603.pdf)
>  Visual Place Recognition (VPR) is the task of matching current visual imagery from a camera to images stored in a reference map of the environment. While initial VPR systems used simple direct image methods or hand-crafted visual features, recent work has focused on learning more powerful visual features and further improving performance through either some form of sequential matcher / filter or a hierarchical matching process. In both cases the performance of the initial single-image based system is still far from perfect, putting significant pressure on the sequence matching or (in the case of hierarchical systems) pose refinement stages. In this paper we present a novel hybrid system that creates a high performance initial match hypothesis generator using short learnt sequential descriptors, which enable selective control sequential score aggregation using single image learnt descriptors. Sequential descriptors are generated using a temporal convolutional network dubbed SeqNet, encoding short image sequences using 1-D convolutions, which are then matched against the corresponding temporal descriptors from the reference dataset to provide an ordered list of place match hypotheses. We then perform selective sequential score aggregation using shortlisted single image learnt descriptors from a separate pipeline to produce an overall place match hypothesis. Comprehensive experiments on challenging benchmark datasets demonstrate the proposed method outperforming recent state-of-the-art methods using the same amount of sequential information. Source code and supplementary material can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/oravus/seqNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.Adversarial Examples Detection beyond Image Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11586.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have been proved that they are vulnerable to adversarial examples, which are generated by adding human-imperceptible perturbations to images. To defend these adversarial examples, various detection based methods have been proposed. However, most of them perform poorly on detecting adversarial examples with extremely slight perturbations. By exploring these adversarial examples, we find that there exists compliance between perturbations and prediction confidence, which guides us to detect few-perturbation attacks from the aspect of prediction confidence. To detect both few-perturbation attacks and large-perturbation attacks, we propose a method beyond image space by a two-stream architecture, in which the image stream focuses on the pixel artifacts and the gradient stream copes with the confidence artifacts. The experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms the existing methods under oblivious attacks and is verified effective to defend omniscient attacks as well.      
### 15.ROAD: The ROad event Awareness Dataset for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11585.pdf)
>  Humans approach driving in a holistic fashion which entails, in particular, understanding road events and their evolution. Injecting these capabilities in an autonomous vehicle has thus the potential to take situational awareness and decision making closer to human-level performance. To this purpose, we introduce the ROad event Awareness Dataset (ROAD) for Autonomous Driving, to our knowledge the first of its kind. ROAD is designed to test an autonomous vehicle's ability to detect road events, defined as triplets composed by a moving agent, the action(s) it performs and the corresponding scene locations. ROAD comprises 22 videos, originally from the Oxford RobotCar Dataset, annotated with bounding boxes showing the location in the image plane of each road event. We also provide as baseline a new incremental algorithm for online road event awareness, based on inflating RetinaNet along time, which achieves a mean average precision of 16.8% and 6.1% for frame-level and video-level event detection, respectively, at 50% overlap. Though promising, these figures highlight the challenges faced by situation awareness in autonomous driving. Finally, ROAD allows scholars to investigate exciting tasks such as complex (road) activity detection, future road event anticipation and the modelling of sentient road agents in terms of mental states.      
### 16.Multi-Knowledge Fusion for New Feature Generation in Generalized Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11566.pdf)
>  Suffering from the semantic insufficiency and domain-shift problems, most of existing state-of-the-art methods fail to achieve satisfactory results for Zero-Shot Learning (ZSL). In order to alleviate these problems, we propose a novel generative ZSL method to learn more generalized features from multi-knowledge with continuously generated new semantics in semantic-to-visual embedding. In our approach, the proposed Multi-Knowledge Fusion Network (MKFNet) takes different semantic features from multi-knowledge as input, which enables more relevant semantic features to be trained for semantic-to-visual embedding, and finally generates more generalized visual features by adaptively fusing visual features from different knowledge domain. The proposed New Feature Generator (NFG) with adaptive genetic strategy is used to enrich semantic information on the one hand, and on the other hand it greatly improves the intersection of visual feature generated by MKFNet and unseen visual faetures. Empirically, we show that our approach can achieve significantly better performance compared to existing state-of-the-art methods on a large number of benchmarks for several ZSL tasks, including traditional ZSL, generalized ZSL and zero-shot retrieval.      
### 17.SISE-PC: Semi-supervised Image Subsampling for Explainable Pathology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11560.pdf)
>  Although automated pathology classification using deep learning (DL) has proved to be predictively efficient, DL methods are found to be data and compute cost intensive. In this work, we aim to reduce DL training costs by pre-training a Resnet feature extractor using SimCLR contrastive loss for latent encoding of OCT images. We propose a novel active learning framework that identifies a minimal sub-sampled dataset containing the most uncertain OCT image samples using label propagation on the SimCLR latent encodings. The pre-trained Resnet model is then fine-tuned with the labelled minimal sub-sampled data and the underlying pathological sites are visually explained. Our framework identifies upto 2% of OCT images to be most uncertain that need prioritized specialist attention and that can fine-tune a Resnet model to achieve upto 97% classification accuracy. The proposed method can be extended to other medical images to minimize prediction costs.      
### 18.Deep Deformation Detail Synthesis for Thin Shell Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11541.pdf)
>  In physics-based cloth animation, rich folds and detailed wrinkles are achieved at the cost of expensive computational resources and huge labor tuning. Data-driven techniques make efforts to reduce the computation significantly by a database. One type of methods relies on human poses to synthesize fitted garments which cannot be applied to general cloth. Another type of methods adds details to the coarse meshes without such restrictions. However, existing works usually utilize coordinate-based representations which cannot cope with large-scale deformation, and requires dense vertex correspondences between coarse and fine meshes. Moreover, as such methods only add details, they require coarse meshes to be close to fine meshes, which can be either impossible, or require unrealistic constraints when generating fine meshes. To address these challenges, we develop a temporally and spatially as-consistent-as-possible deformation representation (named TS-ACAP) and a DeformTransformer network to learn the mapping from low-resolution meshes to detailed ones. This TS-ACAP representation is designed to ensure both spatial and temporal consistency for sequential large-scale deformations from cloth animations. With this representation, our DeformTransformer network first utilizes two mesh-based encoders to extract the coarse and fine features, respectively. To transduct the coarse features to the fine ones, we leverage the Transformer network that consists of frame-level attention mechanisms to ensure temporal coherence of the prediction. Experimental results show that our method is able to produce reliable and realistic animations in various datasets at high frame rates: 10 ~ 35 times faster than physics-based simulation, with superior detail synthesis abilities than existing methods.      
### 19.Neural Architecture Search on ImageNet in Four GPU Hours: A Theoretically Inspired Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11535.pdf)
>  Neural Architecture Search (NAS) has been explosively studied to automate the discovery of top-performer neural networks. Current works require heavy training of supernet or intensive architecture evaluations, thus suffering from heavy resource consumption and often incurring search bias due to truncated training or approximations. Can we select the best neural architectures without involving any training and eliminate a drastic portion of the search cost? We provide an affirmative answer, by proposing a novel framework called training-free neural architecture search (TE-NAS). TE-NAS ranks architectures by analyzing the spectrum of the neural tangent kernel (NTK) and the number of linear regions in the input space. Both are motivated by recent theory advances in deep networks and can be computed without any training and any label. We show that: (1) these two measurements imply the trainability and expressivity of a neural network; (2) they strongly correlate with the network's test accuracy. Further on, we design a pruning-based NAS mechanism to achieve a more flexible and superior trade-off between the trainability and expressivity during the search. In NAS-Bench-201 and DARTS search spaces, TE-NAS completes high-quality search but only costs 0.5 and 4 GPU hours with one 1080Ti on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet, respectively. We hope our work inspires more attempts in bridging the theoretical findings of deep networks and practical impacts in real NAS applications. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VITA-Group/TENAS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 20.Domain-invariant NBV Planner for Active Cross-domain Self-localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11530.pdf)
>  Pole-like landmark has received increasing attention as a domain-invariant visual cue for visual robot self-localization across domains (e.g., seasons, times of day, weathers). However, self-localization using pole-like landmarks can be ill-posed for a passive observer, as many viewpoints may not provide any pole-like landmark view. To alleviate this problem, we consider an active observer and explore a novel "domain-invariant" next-best-view (NBV) planner that attains consistent performance over different domains (i.e., maintenance-free), without requiring the expensive task of training data collection and retraining. In our approach, a novel multi-encoder deep convolutional neural network enables to detect domain invariant pole-like landmarks, which are then used as the sole input to a model-free deep reinforcement learning -based domain-invariant NBV planner. Further, we develop a practical system for active self-localization using sparse invariant landmarks and dense discriminative landmarks. In experiments, we demonstrate that the proposed method is effective both in efficient landmark detection and in discriminative self-localization.      
### 21.Enhanced Modality Transition for Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11526.pdf)
>  Image captioning model is a cross-modality knowledge discovery task, which targets at automatically describing an image with an informative and coherent sentence. To generate the captions, the previous encoder-decoder frameworks directly forward the visual vectors to the recurrent language model, forcing the recurrent units to generate a sentence based on the visual features. Although these sentences are generally readable, they still suffer from the lack of details and highlights, due to the fact that the substantial gap between the image and text modalities is not sufficiently addressed. In this work, we explicitly build a Modality Transition Module (MTM) to transfer visual features into semantic representations before forwarding them to the language model. During the training phase, the modality transition network is optimised by the proposed modality loss, which compares the generated preliminary textual encodings with the target sentence vectors from a pre-trained text auto-encoder. In this way, the visual vectors are transited into the textual subspace for more contextual and precise language generation. The novel MTM can be incorporated into most of the existing methods. Extensive experiments have been conducted on the MS-COCO dataset demonstrating the effectiveness of the proposed framework, improving the performance by 3.4% comparing to the state-of-the-arts.      
### 22.Automatic Ship Classification Utilizing Bag of Deep Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11520.pdf)
>  Detection and classification of ships based on their silhouette profiles in natural imagery is an important undertaking in computer science. This problem can be viewed from a variety of perspectives, including security, traffic control, and even militarism. Therefore, in each of the aforementioned applications, specific processing is required. In this paper, by applying the "bag of words" (BoW), a new method is presented that its words are the features that are obtained using pre-trained models of deep convolutional networks. , Three VGG models are utilized which provide superior accuracy in identifying objects. The regions of the image that are selected as the initial proposals are derived from a greedy algorithm on the key points generated by the Scale Invariant Feature Transform (SIFT) method. Using the deep features in the BOW method provides a good improvement in the recognition and classification of ships. Eventually, we obtained an accuracy of 91.8% in the classification of the ships which shows the improvement of about 5% compared to previous methods.      
### 23.Comparative evaluation of CNN architectures for Image Caption Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11506.pdf)
>  Aided by recent advances in Deep Learning, Image Caption Generation has seen tremendous progress over the last few years. Most methods use transfer learning to extract visual information, in the form of image features, with the help of pre-trained Convolutional Neural Network models followed by transformation of the visual information using a Caption Generator module to generate the output sentences. Different methods have used different Convolutional Neural Network Architectures and, to the best of our knowledge, there is no systematic study which compares the relative efficacy of different Convolutional Neural Network architectures for extracting the visual information. In this work, we have evaluated 17 different Convolutional Neural Networks on two popular Image Caption Generation frameworks: the first based on Neural Image Caption (NIC) generation model and the second based on Soft-Attention framework. We observe that model complexity of Convolutional Neural Network, as measured by number of parameters, and the accuracy of the model on Object Recognition task does not necessarily co-relate with its efficacy on feature extraction for Image Caption Generation task.      
### 24.FaceController: Controllable Attribute Editing for Face in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11464.pdf)
>  Face attribute editing aims to generate faces with one or multiple desired face attributes manipulated while other details are preserved. Unlike prior works such as GAN inversion, which has an expensive reverse mapping process, we propose a simple feed-forward network to generate high-fidelity manipulated faces. By simply employing some existing and easy-obtainable prior information, our method can control, transfer, and edit diverse attributes of faces in the wild. The proposed method can consequently be applied to various applications such as face swapping, face relighting, and makeup transfer. In our method, we decouple identity, expression, pose, and illumination using 3D priors; separate texture and colors by using region-wise style codes. All the information is embedded into adversarial learning by our identity-style normalization module. Disentanglement losses are proposed to enhance the generator to extract information independently from each attribute. Comprehensive quantitative and qualitative evaluations have been conducted. In a single framework, our method achieves the best or competitive scores on a variety of face applications.      
### 25.Representation Disentanglement for Multi-modal MR Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11456.pdf)
>  Multi-modal MR images are widely used in neuroimaging applications to provide complementary information about the brain structures. Recent works have suggested that multi-modal deep learning analysis can benefit from explicitly disentangling anatomical (shape) and modality (appearance) representations from the images. In this work, we challenge existing strategies by showing that they do not naturally lead to representation disentanglement both in theory and in practice. To address this issue, we propose a margin loss that regularizes the similarity relationships of the representations across subjects and modalities. To enable a robust training, we further introduce a modified conditional convolution to design a single model for encoding images of all modalities. Lastly, we propose a fusion function to combine the disentangled anatomical representations as a set of modality-invariant features for downstream tasks. We evaluate the proposed method on three multi-modal neuroimaging datasets. Experiments show that our proposed method can achieve superior disentangled representations compared to existing disentanglement strategies. Results also indicate that the fused anatomical representation has great potential in the downstream task of zero-dose PET reconstruction and brain tumor segmentation.      
### 26.Learning Low-dimensional Manifolds for Scoring of Tissue Microarray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11396.pdf)
>  Tissue microarray (TMA) images have emerged as an important high-throughput tool for cancer study and the validation of biomarkers. Efforts have been dedicated to further improve the accuracy of TACOMA, a cutting-edge automatic scoring algorithm for TMA images. One major advance is due to deepTacoma, an algorithm that incorporates suitable deep representations of a group nature. Inspired by the recent advance in semi-supervised learning and deep learning, we propose mfTacoma to learn alternative deep representations in the context of TMA image scoring. In particular, mfTacoma learns the low-dimensional manifolds, a common latent structure in high dimensional data. Deep representation learning and manifold learning typically requires large data. By encoding deep representation of the manifolds as regularizing features, mfTacoma effectively leverages the manifold information that is potentially crude due to small data. Our experiments show that deep features by manifolds outperforms two alternatives -- deep features by linear manifolds with principal component analysis or by leveraging the group property.      
### 27.Procam Calibration from a Single Pose of a Planar Target  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11395.pdf)
>  A novel user friendly method is proposed for calibrating a procam system from a single pose of a planar chessboard target. The user simply needs to orient the chessboard in a single appropriate pose. A sequence of Gray Code patterns are projected onto the chessboard, which allows correspondences between the camera, projector and the chessboard to be automatically extracted. These correspondences are fed as input to a nonlinear optimization method that models the projector of the principle points onto the chessboard, and accurately calculates the intrinsic and extrinsic parameters of both the camera and the projector, as well as the camera's distortion coefficients. The method is experimentally validated on the procam system, which is shown to be comparable in accuracy with existing multi-pose approaches. The impact of the orientation of the chessboard with respect to the procam imaging places is also explored through extensive simulation.      
### 28.No-Reference Quality Assessment for 360-degree Images by Analysis of Multi-frequency Information and Local-global Naturalness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11393.pdf)
>  360-degree/omnidirectional images (OIs) have achieved remarkable attentions due to the increasing applications of virtual reality (VR). Compared to conventional 2D images, OIs can provide more immersive experience to consumers, benefitting from the higher resolution and plentiful field of views (FoVs). Moreover, observing OIs is usually in the head mounted display (HMD) without references. Therefore, an efficient blind quality assessment method, which is specifically designed for 360-degree images, is urgently desired. In this paper, motivated by the characteristics of the human visual system (HVS) and the viewing process of VR visual contents, we propose a novel and effective no-reference omnidirectional image quality assessment (NR OIQA) algorithm by Multi-Frequency Information and Local-Global Naturalness (MFILGN). Specifically, inspired by the frequency-dependent property of visual cortex, we first decompose the projected equirectangular projection (ERP) maps into wavelet subbands. Then, the entropy intensities of low and high frequency subbands are exploited to measure the multi-frequency information of OIs. Besides, except for considering the global naturalness of ERP maps, owing to the browsed FoVs, we extract the natural scene statistics features from each viewport image as the measure of local naturalness. With the proposed multi-frequency information measurement and local-global naturalness measurement, we utilize support vector regression as the final image quality regressor to train the quality evaluation model from visual quality-related features to human ratings. To our knowledge, the proposed model is the first no-reference quality assessment method for 360-degreee images that combines multi-frequency information and image naturalness. Experimental results on two publicly available OIQA databases demonstrate that our proposed MFILGN outperforms state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 29.Lightweight Combinational Machine Learning Algorithm for Sorting Canine Torso Radiographs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11385.pdf)
>  The veterinary field lacks automation in contrast to the tremendous technological advances made in the human medical field. Implementation of machine learning technology can shorten any step of the automation process. This paper explores these core concepts and starts with automation in sorting radiographs for canines by view and anatomy. This is achieved by developing a new lightweight algorithm inspired by AlexNet, Inception, and SqueezeNet. The proposed module proves to be lighter than SqueezeNet while maintaining accuracy higher than that of AlexNet, ResNet, DenseNet, and SqueezeNet.      
### 30.Sandwich Batch Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11382.pdf)
>  We present Sandwich Batch Normalization (SaBN), an embarrassingly easy improvement of Batch Normalization (BN) with only a few lines of code changes. SaBN is motivated by addressing the inherent feature distribution heterogeneity that one can be identified in many tasks, which can arise from data heterogeneity (multiple input domains) or model heterogeneity (dynamic architectures, model conditioning, etc.). Our SaBN factorizes the BN affine layer into one shared sandwich affine layer, cascaded by several parallel independent affine layers. Concrete analysis reveals that, during optimization, SaBN promotes balanced gradient norms while still preserving diverse gradient directions: a property that many application tasks seem to favor. We demonstrate the prevailing effectiveness of SaBN as a drop-in replacement in four tasks: $\textbf{conditional image generation}$, $\textbf{neural architecture search}$ (NAS), $\textbf{adversarial training}$, and $\textbf{arbitrary style transfer}$. Leveraging SaBN immediately achieves better Inception Score and FID on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet conditional image generation with three state-of-the-art GANs; boosts the performance of a state-of-the-art weight-sharing NAS algorithm significantly on NAS-Bench-201; substantially improves the robust and standard accuracies for adversarial defense; and produces superior arbitrary stylized results. We also provide visualizations and analysis to help understand why SaBN works. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VITA-Group/Sandwich-Batch-Normalization" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.The FaCells. An Exploratory Study about LSTM Layers on Face Sketches Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11361.pdf)
>  Lines are human mental abstractions. A bunch of lines may form a drawing. A set of drawings can feed an LSTM network input layer, considering each draw as a list of lines and a line a list of points. This paper proposes the pointless motive to classify the gender of celebrities' portraits as an excuse for exploration in a broad, more artistic sense. Investigation results drove compelling ideas here discussed. The experiments compared different ways to represent draws to be input in a network and showed that an absolute format of coordinates (x, y) was a better performer than a relative one (Dx, Dy) with respect to prior points, most frequent in the reviewed literature. Experiments also showed that, due to the recurrent nature of LSTMs, the order of lines forming a drawing is a relevant factor for input in an LSTM classifier not studied before. A minimum 'pencil' traveled length criteria for line ordering proved suitable, possible by reducing it to a TSP particular instance. The best configuration for gender classification appears with an LSTM layer that returns the hidden state value for each input point step, followed by a global average layer along the sequence, before the output dense layer. That result guided the idea of removing the average in the network pipeline and return a per-point attribute score just by adjusting tensors dimensions. With this trick, the model detects an attribute in a drawing and also recognizes the points linked to it. Moreover, by overlapping filtered lines of portraits, an attribute's visual essence is depicted. Meet the FaCells.      
### 32.Shadow Image Enlargement Distortion Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11356.pdf)
>  This project aims to adopt preprocessing operations to get less distortions for shadow image enlargement. The preprocessing operations consists of three main steps: first enlarge the original shadow image by using any kind of interpolation methods, second apply average filter to the enlargement image and finally apply the unsharp filter to the previous averaged image. These preprocessing operations leads to get an enlargement image very close to the original enlarge image for the same shadow image. Then comparisons established between the adopted image and original image by using different types of interpolation and different alfa values for unsharp filter to reach the best way which have less different errors between the two images.      
### 33.Lie-Sensor: A Live Emotion Verifier or a Licensor for Chat Applications using Emotional Intelligence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11318.pdf)
>  Veracity is an essential key in research and development of innovative products. Live Emotion analysis and verification nullify deceit made to complainers on live chat, corroborate messages of both ends in messaging apps and promote an honest conversation between users. The main concept behind this emotion artificial intelligent verifier is to license or decline message accountability by comparing variegated emotions of chat app users recognized through facial expressions and text prediction. In this paper, a proposed emotion intelligent live detector acts as an honest arbiter who distributes facial emotions into labels namely, Happiness, Sadness, Surprise, and Hate. Further, it separately predicts a label of messages through text classification. Finally, it compares both labels and declares the message as a fraud or a bonafide. For emotion detection, we deployed Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) using a miniXception model and for text prediction, we selected Support Vector Machine (SVM) natural language processing probability classifier due to receiving the best accuracy on training dataset after applying Support Vector Machine (SVM), Random Forest Classifier, Naive Bayes Classifier, and Logistic regression.      
### 34.Generative Modelling of BRDF Textures from Flash Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11861.pdf)
>  We learn a latent space for easy capture, semantic editing, consistent interpolation, and efficient reproduction of visual material appearance. When users provide a photo of a stationary natural material captured under flash light illumination, it is converted in milliseconds into a latent material code. In a second step, conditioned on the material code, our method, again in milliseconds, produces an infinite and diverse spatial field of BRDF model parameters (diffuse albedo, specular albedo, roughness, normals) that allows rendering in complex scenes and illuminations, matching the appearance of the input picture. Technically, we jointly embed all flash images into a latent space using a convolutional encoder, and -- conditioned on these latent codes -- convert random spatial fields into fields of BRDF parameters using a convolutional neural network (CNN). We condition these BRDF parameters to match the visual characteristics (statistics and spectra of visual features) of the input under matching light. A user study confirms that the semantics of the latent material space agree with user expectations and compares our approach favorably to previous work.      
### 35.Automated Discovery of Adaptive Attacks on Adversarial Defenses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11860.pdf)
>  Reliable evaluation of adversarial defenses is a challenging task, currently limited to an expert who manually crafts attacks that exploit the defense's inner workings, or to approaches based on ensemble of fixed attacks, none of which may be effective for the specific defense at hand. Our key observation is that custom attacks are composed from a set of reusable building blocks, such as fine-tuning relevant attack parameters, network transformations, and custom loss functions. Based on this observation, we present an extensible framework that defines a search space over these reusable building blocks and automatically discovers an effective attack on a given model with an unknown defense by searching over suitable combinations of these blocks. We evaluated our framework on 23 adversarial defenses and showed it outperforms AutoAttack, the current state-of-the-art tool for reliable evaluation of adversarial defenses: our discovered attacks are either stronger, producing 3.0%-50.8% additional adversarial examples (10 cases), or are typically 2x faster while enjoying similar adversarial robustness (13 cases).      
### 36.Deep Unrolled Network for Video Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11720.pdf)
>  Video super-resolution (VSR) aims to reconstruct a sequence of high-resolution (HR) images from their corresponding low-resolution (LR) versions. Traditionally, solving a VSR problem has been based on iterative algorithms that can exploit prior knowledge on image formation and assumptions on the motion. However, these classical methods struggle at incorporating complex statistics from natural images. Furthermore, VSR has recently benefited from the improvement brought by deep learning (DL) algorithms. These techniques can efficiently learn spatial patterns from large collections of images. Yet, they fail to incorporate some knowledge about the image formation model, which limits their flexibility. Unrolled optimization algorithms, developed for inverse problems resolution, allow to include prior information into deep learning architectures. They have been used mainly for single image restoration tasks. Adapting an unrolled neural network structure can bring the following benefits. First, this may increase performance of the super-resolution task. Then, this gives neural networks better interpretability. Finally, this allows flexibility in learning a single model to nonblindly deal with multiple degradations. In this paper, we propose a new VSR neural network based on unrolled optimization techniques and discuss its performance.      
### 37.Cell abundance aware deep learning for cell detection on highly imbalanced pathological data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11677.pdf)
>  Automated analysis of tissue sections allows a better understanding of disease biology and may reveal biomarkers that could guide prognosis or treatment selection. In digital pathology, less abundant cell types can be of biological significance, but their scarcity can result in biased and sub-optimal cell detection model. To minimize the effect of cell imbalance on cell detection, we proposed a deep learning pipeline that considers the abundance of cell types during model training. Cell weight images were generated, which assign larger weights to less abundant cells and used the weights to regularize Dice overlap loss function. The model was trained and evaluated on myeloma bone marrow trephine samples. Our model obtained a cell detection F1-score of 0.78, a 2% increase compared to baseline models, and it outperformed baseline models at detecting rare cell types. We found that scaling deep learning loss function by the abundance of cells improves cell detection performance. Our results demonstrate the importance of incorporating domain knowledge on deep learning methods for pathological data with class imbalance.      
### 38.Unsupervised Brain Anomaly Detection and Segmentation with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11650.pdf)
>  Pathological brain appearances may be so heterogeneous as to be intelligible only as anomalies, defined by their deviation from normality rather than any specific pathological characteristic. Amongst the hardest tasks in medical imaging, detecting such anomalies requires models of the normal brain that combine compactness with the expressivity of the complex, long-range interactions that characterise its structural organisation. These are requirements transformers have arguably greater potential to satisfy than other current candidate architectures, but their application has been inhibited by their demands on data and computational resource. Here we combine the latent representation of vector quantised variational autoencoders with an ensemble of autoregressive transformers to enable unsupervised anomaly detection and segmentation defined by deviation from healthy brain imaging data, achievable at low computational cost, within relative modest data regimes. We compare our method to current state-of-the-art approaches across a series of experiments involving synthetic and real pathological lesions. On real lesions, we train our models on 15,000 radiologically normal participants from UK Biobank, and evaluate performance on four different brain MR datasets with small vessel disease, demyelinating lesions, and tumours. We demonstrate superior anomaly detection performance both image-wise and pixel-wise, achievable without post-processing. These results draw attention to the potential of transformers in this most challenging of imaging tasks.      
### 39.HardCoRe-NAS: Hard Constrained diffeRentiable Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11646.pdf)
>  Realistic use of neural networks often requires adhering to multiple constraints on latency, energy and memory among others. A popular approach to find fitting networks is through constrained Neural Architecture Search (NAS), however, previous methods enforce the constraint only softly. Therefore, the resulting networks do not exactly adhere to the resource constraint and their accuracy is harmed. In this work we resolve this by introducing Hard Constrained diffeRentiable NAS (HardCoRe-NAS), that is based on an accurate formulation of the expected resource requirement and a scalable search method that satisfies the hard constraint throughout the search. Our experiments show that HardCoRe-NAS generates state-of-the-art architectures, surpassing other NAS methods, while strictly satisfying the hard resource constraints without any tuning required.      
### 40.Data Fusion for Audiovisual Speaker Localization: Extending Dynamic Stream Weights to the Spatial Domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11588.pdf)
>  Estimating the positions of multiple speakers can be helpful for tasks like automatic speech recognition or speaker diarization. Both applications benefit from a known speaker position when, for instance, applying beamforming or assigning unique speaker identities. Recently, several approaches utilizing acoustic signals augmented with visual data have been proposed for this task. However, both the acoustic and the visual modality may be corrupted in specific spatial regions, for instance due to poor lighting conditions or to the presence of background noise. This paper proposes a novel audiovisual data fusion framework for speaker localization by assigning individual dynamic stream weights to specific regions in the localization space. This fusion is achieved via a neural network, which combines the predictions of individual audio and video trackers based on their time- and location-dependent reliability. A performance evaluation using audiovisual recordings yields promising results, with the proposed fusion approach outperforming all baseline models.      
### 41.EscapeWildFire: Assisting People to Escape Wildfires in Real-Time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11558.pdf)
>  Over the past couple of decades, the number of wildfires and area of land burned around the world has been steadily increasing, partly due to climatic changes and global warming. Therefore, there is a high probability that more people will be exposed to and endangered by forest fires. Hence there is an urgent need to design pervasive systems that effectively assist people and guide them to safety during wildfires. This paper presents EscapeWildFire, a mobile application connected to a backend system which models and predicts wildfire geographical progression, assisting citizens to escape wildfires in real-time. A small pilot indicates the correctness of the system. The code is open-source; fire authorities around the world are encouraged to adopt this approach.      
### 42.Classification of Breast Cancer Lesions in Ultrasound Images by using Attention Layer and loss Ensembles in Deep Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11519.pdf)
>  Reliable classification of benign and malignant lesions in breast ultrasound images can provide an effective and relatively low cost method for early diagnosis of breast cancer. The accuracy of the diagnosis is however highly dependent on the quality of the ultrasound systems and the experience of the users (radiologists). The leverage in deep convolutional neural network approaches provided solutions in efficient analysis of breast ultrasound images. In this study, we proposed a new framework for classification of breast cancer lesions by use of an attention module in modified VGG16 architecture. We also proposed new ensembled loss function which is the combination of binary cross-entropy and logarithm of the hyperbolic cosine loss to improve the model discrepancy between classified lesions and its labels. Networks trained from pretrained ImageNet weights, and subsequently fine-tuned with ultrasound datasets. The proposed model in this study outperformed other modified VGG16 architectures with the accuracy of 93% and also the results are competitive with other state of the art frameworks for classification of breast cancer lesions. In this study, we employed transfer learning approaches with the pre-trained VGG16 architecture. Different CNN models for classification task were trained to predict benign or malignant lesions in breast ultrasound images. Our Experimental results show that the choice of loss function is highly important in classification task and by adding an attention block we could empower the performance our model.      
### 43.VisualCheXbert: Addressing the Discrepancy Between Radiology Report Labels and Image Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11467.pdf)
>  Automatic extraction of medical conditions from free-text radiology reports is critical for supervising computer vision models to interpret medical images. In this work, we show that radiologists labeling reports significantly disagree with radiologists labeling corresponding chest X-ray images, which reduces the quality of report labels as proxies for image labels. We develop and evaluate methods to produce labels from radiology reports that have better agreement with radiologists labeling images. Our best performing method, called VisualCheXbert, uses a biomedically-pretrained BERT model to directly map from a radiology report to the image labels, with a supervisory signal determined by a computer vision model trained to detect medical conditions from chest X-ray images. We find that VisualCheXbert outperforms an approach using an existing radiology report labeler by an average F1 score of 0.14 (95% CI 0.12, 0.17). We also find that VisualCheXbert better agrees with radiologists labeling chest X-ray images than do radiologists labeling the corresponding radiology reports by an average F1 score across several medical conditions of between 0.12 (95% CI 0.09, 0.15) and 0.21 (95% CI 0.18, 0.24).      
### 44.Understanding Catastrophic Forgetting and Remembering in Continual Learning with Optimal Relevance Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11343.pdf)
>  Catastrophic forgetting in neural networks is a significant problem for continual learning. A majority of the current methods replay previous data during training, which violates the constraints of an ideal continual learning system. Additionally, current approaches that deal with forgetting ignore the problem of catastrophic remembering, i.e. the worsening ability to discriminate between data from different tasks. In our work, we introduce Relevance Mapping Networks (RMNs) which are inspired by the Optimal Overlap Hypothesis. The mappings reflects the relevance of the weights for the task at hand by assigning large weights to essential parameters. We show that RMNs learn an optimized representational overlap that overcomes the twin problem of catastrophic forgetting and remembering. Our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance across all common continual learning datasets, even significantly outperforming data replay methods while not violating the constraints for an ideal continual learning system. Moreover, RMNs retain the ability to detect data from new tasks in an unsupervised manner, thus proving their resilience against catastrophic remembering.      
### 45.Federated $f$-Differential Privacy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11158.pdf)
>  Federated learning (FL) is a training paradigm where the clients collaboratively learn models by repeatedly sharing information without compromising much on the privacy of their local sensitive data. In this paper, we introduce federated $f$-differential privacy, a new notion specifically tailored to the federated setting, based on the framework of Gaussian differential privacy. Federated $f$-differential privacy operates on record level: it provides the privacy guarantee on each individual record of one client's data against adversaries. We then propose a generic private federated learning framework {PriFedSync} that accommodates a large family of state-of-the-art FL algorithms, which provably achieves federated $f$-differential privacy. Finally, we empirically demonstrate the trade-off between privacy guarantee and prediction performance for models trained by {PriFedSync} in computer vision tasks.      
