# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 16 Feb 2021
### 1.Learning Intra-Batch Connections for Deep Metric Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07753.pdf)
>  The goal of metric learning is to learn a function that maps samples to a lower-dimensional space where similar samples lie closer than dissimilar ones. In the case of deep metric learning, the mapping is performed by training a neural network. Most approaches rely on losses that only take the relations between pairs or triplets of samples into account, which either belong to the same class or to two different classes. However, these approaches do not explore the embedding space in its entirety. To this end, we propose an approach based on message passing networks that takes into account all the relations in a mini-batch. We refine embedding vectors by exchanging messages among all samples in a given batch allowing the training process to be aware of the overall structure. Since not all samples are equally important to predict a decision boundary, we use dot-product self-attention during message passing to allow samples to weight the importance of each neighbor accordingly. We achieve state-of-the-art results on clustering and image retrieval on the CUB-200-2011, Cars196, Stanford Online Products, and In-Shop Clothes datasets.      
### 2.Generating 3D structures from a 2D slice with GAN-based dimensionality expansion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07708.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) can be trained to generate 3D image data, which is useful for design optimisation. However, this conventionally requires 3D training data, which is challenging to obtain. 2D imaging techniques tend to be faster, higher resolution, better at phase identification and more widely available. Here, we introduce a generative adversarial network architecture, SliceGAN, which is able to synthesise high fidelity 3D datasets using a single representative 2D image. This is especially relevant for the task of material microstructure generation, as a cross-sectional micrograph can contain sufficient information to statistically reconstruct 3D samples. Our architecture implements the concept of uniform information density, which both ensures that generated volumes are equally high quality at all points in space, and that arbitrarily large volumes can be generated. SliceGAN has been successfully trained on a diverse set of materials, demonstrating the widespread applicability of this tool. The quality of generated micrographs is shown through a statistical comparison of synthetic and real datasets of a battery electrode in terms of key microstructural metrics. Finally, we find that the generation time for a $10^8$ voxel volume is on the order of a few seconds, yielding a path for future studies into high-throughput microstructural optimisation.      
### 3.A Gated Fusion Network for Dynamic Saliency Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07682.pdf)
>  Predicting saliency in videos is a challenging problem due to complex modeling of interactions between spatial and temporal information, especially when ever-changing, dynamic nature of videos is considered. Recently, researchers have proposed large-scale datasets and models that take advantage of deep learning as a way to understand what's important for video saliency. These approaches, however, learn to combine spatial and temporal features in a static manner and do not adapt themselves much to the changes in the video content. In this paper, we introduce Gated Fusion Network for dynamic saliency (GFSalNet), the first deep saliency model capable of making predictions in a dynamic way via gated fusion mechanism. Moreover, our model also exploits spatial and channel-wise attention within a multi-scale architecture that further allows for highly accurate predictions. We evaluate the proposed approach on a number of datasets, and our experimental analysis demonstrates that it outperforms or is highly competitive with the state of the art. Importantly, we show that it has a good generalization ability, and moreover, exploits temporal information more effectively via its adaptive fusion scheme.      
### 4.RMS-Net: Regression and Masking for Soccer Event Spotting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07624.pdf)
>  The recently proposed action spotting task consists in finding the exact timestamp in which an event occurs. This task fits particularly well for soccer videos, where events correspond to salient actions strictly defined by soccer rules (a goal occurs when the ball crosses the goal line). In this paper, we devise a lightweight and modular network for action spotting, which can simultaneously predict the event label and its temporal offset using the same underlying features. We enrich our model with two training strategies: the first one for data balancing and uniform sampling, the second for masking ambiguous frames and keeping the most discriminative visual cues. When tested on the SoccerNet dataset and using standard features, our full proposal exceeds the current state of the art by 3 Average-mAP points. Additionally, it reaches a gain of more than 10 Average-mAP points on the test set when fine-tuned in combination with a strong 2D backbone.      
### 5.Spatio-temporal Graph-RNN for Point Cloud Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07482.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an end-to-end learning network to predict future point cloud frames. As main novelty, an initial layer learns topological information of point clouds as geometric features, to form representative spatio-temporal neighborhoods. This module is followed by multiple Graph-RNN cells. Each cell learns points dynamics (i.e., RNN states) processing each point jointly with the spatio-temporal neighbouring points. We tested the network performance with a MINST dataset of moving digits, a synthetic human bodies motions and JPEG dynamic bodies datasets. Simulation results demonstrate that our method outperforms baseline ones that neglect geometry features information.      
### 6.Video Analytics on IoT devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07455.pdf)
>  Deep Learning (DL) combined with advanced model optimization methods such as RC-NN and Edge2Train has enabled offline execution of large networks on the IoT devices. In this paper, we compare the modern Deep Learning (DL) based video analytics approaches with the standard Computer Vision (CV) based approaches and finally, discuss the best-suited approach for video analytics on IoT devices.      
### 7.OmniDet: Surround View Cameras based Multi-task Visual Perception Network for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07448.pdf)
>  Surround View fisheye cameras are commonly deployed in automated driving for 360° near-field sensing around the vehicle. This work presents a multi-task visual perception network on unrectified fisheye images to enable the vehicle to sense its surrounding environment. It consists of six primary tasks necessary for an autonomous driving system: depth estimation, visual odometry, semantic segmentation, motion segmentation, object detection, and lens soiling detection. We demonstrate that the jointly trained model performs better than the respective single task versions. Our multi-task model has a shared encoder providing a significant computational advantage and has synergized decoders where tasks support each other. We propose a novel camera geometry based adaptation mechanism to encode the fisheye distortion model both at training and inference. This was crucial to enable training on the WoodScape dataset, comprised of data from different parts of the world collected by 12 different cameras mounted on three different cars with different intrinsics and viewpoints. Given that bounding boxes is not a good representation for distorted fisheye images, we also extend object detection to use a polygon with non-uniformly sampled vertices. We additionally evaluate our model on standard automotive datasets, namely KITTI and Cityscapes. We obtain the state-of-the-art results on KITTI for depth estimation and pose estimation tasks and competitive performance on the other tasks. We perform extensive ablation studies on various architecture choices and task weighting methodologies. A short video at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/xbSjZ5OfPes" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> provides qualitative results.      
### 8.FAT: Learning Low-Bitwidth Parametric Representation via Frequency-Aware Transformation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07444.pdf)
>  Learning convolutional neural networks (CNNs) with low bitwidth is challenging because performance may drop significantly after quantization. Prior arts often discretize the network weights by carefully tuning hyper-parameters of quantization (e.g. non-uniform stepsize and layer-wise bitwidths), which are complicated and sub-optimal because the full-precision and low-precision models have a large discrepancy. This work presents a novel quantization pipeline, Frequency-Aware Transformation (FAT), which has several appealing benefits. (1) Rather than designing complicated quantizers like existing works, FAT learns to transform network weights in the frequency domain before quantization, making them more amenable to training in low bitwidth. (2) With FAT, CNNs can be easily trained in low precision using simple standard quantizers without tedious hyper-parameter tuning. Theoretical analysis shows that FAT improves both uniform and non-uniform quantizers. (3) FAT can be easily plugged into many CNN architectures. When training ResNet-18 and MobileNet-V2 in 4 bits, FAT plus a simple rounding operation already achieves 70.5% and 69.2% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet without bells and whistles, outperforming recent state-of-the-art by reducing 54.9X and 45.7X computations against full-precision models. Code will be available soon.      
### 9.Generation for adaption: a Gan-based approach for 3D Domain Adaption inPoint Cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07373.pdf)
>  Recent deep networks have achieved good performance on a variety of 3d points classification tasks. However, these models often face challenges in "wild tasks".There are considerable differences between the labeled training/source data collected by one Lidar and unseen test/target data collected by a different Lidar. Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) seeks to overcome such a problem without target domain labels.Instead of aligning features between source data and target data,we propose a method that use a Generative adversarial network to generate synthetic data from the source domain so that the output is close to the target domain.Experiments show that our approach performs better than other state-of-the-art UDA methods in three popular 3D object/scene datasets (i.e., ModelNet, ShapeNet and ScanNet) for cross-domain 3D objects classification.      
### 10.Win-Fail Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07355.pdf)
>  Current video/action understanding systems have demonstrated impressive performance on large recognition tasks. However, they might be limiting themselves to learning to recognize spatiotemporal patterns, rather than attempting to thoroughly understand the actions. To spur progress in the direction of a truer, deeper understanding of videos, we introduce the task of win-fail action recognition -- differentiating between successful and failed attempts at various activities. We introduce a first of its kind paired win-fail action understanding dataset with samples from the following domains: "General Stunts," "Internet Wins-Fails," "Trick Shots," and "Party Games." Unlike existing action recognition datasets, intra-class variation is high making the task challenging, yet feasible. We systematically analyze the characteristics of the win-fail task/dataset with prototypical action recognition networks and a novel video retrieval task. While current action recognition methods work well on our task/dataset, they still leave a large gap to achieve high performance. We hope to motivate more work towards the true understanding of actions/videos. Dataset will be available from <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ParitoshParmar/Win-Fail-Action-Recognition" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.QuickBrowser: A Unified Model to Detect and Read Simple Object in Real-time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07354.pdf)
>  There are many real-life use cases such as barcode scanning or billboard reading where people need to detect objects and read the object contents. Commonly existing methods are first trying to localize object regions, then determine layout and lastly classify content units. However, for simple fixed structured objects like license plates, this approach becomes overkill and lengthy to run. This work aims to solve this detect-and-read problem in a lightweight way by integrating multi-digit recognition into a one-stage object detection model. Our unified method not only eliminates the duplication in feature extraction (one for localizing, one again for classifying) but also provides useful contextual information around object regions for classification. Additionally, our choice of backbones and modifications in architecture, loss function, data augmentation and training make the method robust, efficient and speedy. Secondly, we made a public benchmark dataset of diverse real-life 1D barcodes for a reliable evaluation, which we collected, annotated and checked carefully. Eventually, experimental results prove the method's efficiency on the barcode problem by outperforming industrial tools in both detecting and decoding rates with a real-time fps at a VGA-similar resolution. It also did a great job expectedly on the license-plate recognition task (on the AOLP dataset) by outperforming the current state-of-the-art method significantly in terms of recognition rate and inference time.      
### 12.Capturing Detailed Deformations of Moving Human Bodies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07343.pdf)
>  We present a new method to capture detailed human motion, sampling more than 1000 unique points on the body. Our method outputs highly accurate 4D (spatio-temporal) point coordinates and, crucially, automatically assigns a unique label to each of the points. The locations and unique labels of the points are inferred from individual 2D input images only, without relying on temporal tracking or any human body shape or skeletal kinematics models. Therefore, our captured point trajectories contain all of the details from the input images, including motion due to breathing, muscle contractions and flesh deformation, and are well suited to be used as training data to fit advanced models of the human body and its motion. The key idea behind our system is a new type of motion capture suit which contains a special pattern with checkerboard-like corners and two-letter codes. The images from our multi-camera system are processed by a sequence of neural networks which are trained to localize the corners and recognize the codes, while being robust to suit stretching and self-occlusions of the body. Our system relies only on standard RGB or monochrome sensors and fully passive lighting and the passive suit, making our method easy to replicate, deploy and use. Our experiments demonstrate highly accurate captures of a wide variety of human poses, including challenging motions such as yoga, gymnastics, or rolling on the ground.      
### 13.A Global to Local Double Embedding Method for Multi-person Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07318.pdf)
>  Multi-person pose estimation is a fundamental and challenging problem to many computer vision tasks. Most existing methods can be broadly categorized into two classes: top-down and bottom-up methods. Both of the two types of methods involve two stages, namely, person detection and joints detection. Conventionally, the two stages are implemented separately without considering their interactions between them, and this may inevitably cause some issue intrinsically. In this paper, we present a novel method to simplify the pipeline by implementing person detection and joints detection simultaneously. We propose a Double Embedding (DE) method to complete the multi-person pose estimation task in a global-to-local way. DE consists of Global Embedding (GE) and Local Embedding (LE). GE encodes different person instances and processes information covering the whole image and LE encodes the local limbs information. GE functions for the person detection in top-down strategy while LE connects the rest joints sequentially which functions for joint grouping and information processing in A bottom-up strategy. Based on LE, we design the Mutual Refine Machine (MRM) to reduce the prediction difficulty in complex scenarios. MRM can effectively realize the information communicating between keypoints and further improve the accuracy. We achieve the competitive results on benchmarks MSCOCO, MPII and CrowdPose, demonstrating the effectiveness and generalization ability of our method.      
### 14.3D Fully Convolutional Neural Networks with Intersection Over Union Loss for Crop Mapping from Multi-Temporal Satellite Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07280.pdf)
>  Information on cultivated crops is relevant for a large number of food security studies. Different scientific efforts are dedicated to generate this information from remote sensing images by means of machine learning methods. Unfortunately, these methods do not account for the spatial-temporal relationships inherent in remote sensing images. In our paper, we explore the capability of a 3D Fully Convolutional Neural Network (FCN) to map crop types from multi-temporal images. In addition, we propose the Intersection Over Union (IOU) loss function for increasing the overlap between the predicted classes and ground truth data. The proposed method was applied to identify soybean and corn from a study area situated in the US corn belt using multi-temporal Landsat images. The study shows that our method outperforms related methods, obtaining a Kappa coefficient of 90.8%. We conclude that using the IOU Loss function provides a superior choice to learn individual crop types.      
### 15.Naturalizing Neuromorphic Vision Event Streams Using GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07243.pdf)
>  Dynamic vision sensors are able to operate at high temporal resolutions within resource constrained environments, though at the expense of capturing static content. The sparse nature of event streams enables efficient downstream processing tasks as they are suited for power-efficient spiking neural networks. One of the challenges associated with neuromorphic vision is the lack of interpretability of event streams. While most application use-cases do not intend for the event stream to be visually interpreted by anything other than a classification network, there is a lost opportunity to integrating these sensors in spaces that conventional high-speed CMOS sensors cannot go. For example, biologically invasive sensors such as endoscopes must fit within stringent power budgets, which do not allow MHz-speeds of image integration. While dynamic vision sensing can fill this void, the interpretation challenge remains and will degrade confidence in clinical diagnostics. The use of generative adversarial networks presents a possible solution to overcoming and compensating for a vision chip's poor spatial resolution and lack of interpretability. In this paper, we methodically apply the Pix2Pix network to naturalize the event stream from spike-converted CIFAR-10 and Linnaeus 5 datasets. The quality of the network is benchmarked by performing image classification of naturalized event streams, which converges to within 2.81% of equivalent raw images, and an associated improvement over unprocessed event streams by 13.19% for the CIFAR-10 and Linnaeus 5 datasets.      
### 16.Improved Bengali Image Captioning via deep convolutional neural network based encoder-decoder model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07192.pdf)
>  Image Captioning is an arduous task of producing syntactically and semantically correct textual descriptions of an image in natural language with context related to the image. Existing notable pieces of research in Bengali Image Captioning (BIC) are based on encoder-decoder architecture. This paper presents an end-to-end image captioning system utilizing a multimodal architecture by combining a one-dimensional convolutional neural network (CNN) to encode sequence information with a pre-trained ResNet-50 model image encoder for extracting region-based visual features. We investigate our approach's performance on the BanglaLekhaImageCaptions dataset using the existing evaluation metrics and perform a human evaluation for qualitative analysis. Experiments show that our approach's language encoder captures the fine-grained information in the caption, and combined with the image features, it generates accurate and diversified caption. Our work outperforms all the existing BIC works and achieves a new state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance by scoring 0.651 on BLUE-1, 0.572 on CIDEr, 0.297 on METEOR, 0.434 on ROUGE, and 0.357 on SPICE.      
### 17.ChipNet: Budget-Aware Pruning with Heaviside Continuous Approximations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07156.pdf)
>  Structured pruning methods are among the effective strategies for extracting small resource-efficient convolutional neural networks from their dense counterparts with minimal loss in accuracy. However, most existing methods still suffer from one or more limitations, that include 1) the need for training the dense model from scratch with pruning-related parameters embedded in the architecture, 2) requiring model-specific hyperparameter settings, 3) inability to include budget-related constraint in the training process, and 4) instability under scenarios of extreme pruning. In this paper, we present ChipNet, a deterministic pruning strategy that employs continuous Heaviside function and a novel crispness loss to identify a highly sparse network out of an existing dense network. Our choice of continuous Heaviside function is inspired by the field of design optimization, where the material distribution task is posed as a continuous optimization problem, but only discrete values (0 or 1) are practically feasible and expected as final outcomes. Our approach's flexible design facilitates its use with different choices of budget constraints while maintaining stability for very low target budgets. Experimental results show that ChipNet outperforms state-of-the-art structured pruning methods by remarkable margins of up to 16.1% in terms of accuracy. Further, we show that the masks obtained with ChipNet are transferable across datasets. For certain cases, it was observed that masks transferred from a model trained on feature-rich teacher dataset provide better performance on the student dataset than those obtained by directly pruning on the student data itself.      
### 18.Learning Self-Similarity in Space and Time as Generalized Motion for Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07092.pdf)
>  Spatio-temporal convolution often fails to learn motion dynamics in videos and thus an effective motion representation is required for video understanding in the wild. In this paper, we propose a rich and robust motion representation based on spatio-temporal self-similarity (STSS). Given a sequence of frames, STSS represents each local region as similarities to its neighbors in space and time. By converting appearance features into relational values, it enables the learner to better recognize structural patterns in space and time. We leverage the whole volume of STSS and let our model learn to extract an effective motion representation from it. The proposed neural block, dubbed SELFY, can be easily inserted into neural architectures and trained end-to-end without additional supervision. With a sufficient volume of the neighborhood in space and time, it effectively captures long-term interaction and fast motion in the video, leading to robust action recognition. Our experimental analysis demonstrates its superiority over previous methods for motion modeling as well as its complementarity to spatio-temporal features from direct convolution. On the standard action recognition benchmarks, Something-Something-V1 &amp; V2, Diving-48, and FineGym, the proposed method achieves the state-of-the-art results.      
### 19.TransGAN: Two Transformers Can Make One Strong GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07074.pdf)
>  The recent explosive interest on transformers has suggested their potential to become powerful "universal" models for computer vision tasks, such as classification, detection, and segmentation. However, how further transformers can go - are they ready to take some more notoriously difficult vision tasks, e.g., generative adversarial networks (GANs)? Driven by that curiosity, we conduct the first pilot study in building a GAN \textbf{completely free of convolutions}, using only pure transformer-based architectures. Our vanilla GAN architecture, dubbed \textbf{TransGAN}, consists of a memory-friendly transformer-based generator that progressively increases feature resolution while decreasing embedding dimension, and a patch-level discriminator that is also transformer-based. We then demonstrate TransGAN to notably benefit from data augmentations (more than standard GANs), a multi-task co-training strategy for the generator, and a locally initialized self-attention that emphasizes the neighborhood smoothness of natural images. Equipped with those findings, TransGAN can effectively scale up with bigger models and high-resolution image datasets. Specifically, our best architecture achieves highly competitive performance compared to current state-of-the-art GANs based on convolutional backbones. Specifically, TransGAN sets \textbf{new state-of-the-art} IS score of 10.10 and FID score of 25.32 on STL-10. It also reaches competitive 8.64 IS score and 11.89 FID score on Cifar-10, and 12.23 FID score on CelebA $64\times64$, respectively. We also conclude with a discussion of the current limitations and future potential of TransGAN. The code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VITA-Group/TransGAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 20.NeRF--: Neural Radiance Fields Without Known Camera Parameters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07064.pdf)
>  This paper tackles the problem of novel view synthesis (NVS) from 2D images without known camera poses and intrinsics. Among various NVS techniques, Neural Radiance Field (NeRF) has recently gained popularity due to its remarkable synthesis quality. Existing NeRF-based approaches assume that the camera parameters associated with each input image are either directly accessible at training, or can be accurately estimated with conventional techniques based on correspondences, such as Structure-from-Motion. In this work, we propose an end-to-end framework, termed NeRF--, for training NeRF models given only RGB images, without pre-computed camera parameters. Specifically, we show that the camera parameters, including both intrinsics and extrinsics, can be automatically discovered via joint optimisation during the training of the NeRF model. On the standard LLFF benchmark, our model achieves comparable novel view synthesis results compared to the baseline trained with COLMAP pre-computed camera parameters. We also conduct extensive analyses to understand the model behaviour under different camera trajectories, and show that in scenarios where COLMAP fails, our model still produces robust results.      
### 21.Robust Lane Detection via Expanded Self Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07037.pdf)
>  The image-based lane detection algorithm is one of the key technologies in autonomous vehicles. Modern deep learning methods achieve high performance in lane detection, but it is still difficult to accurately detect lanes in challenging situations such as congested roads and extreme lighting conditions. To be robust on these challenging situations, it is important to extract global contextual information even from limited visual cues. In this paper, we propose a simple but powerful self-attention mechanism optimized for lane detection called the Expanded Self Attention (ESA) module. Inspired by the simple geometric structure of lanes, the proposed method predicts the confidence of a lane along the vertical and horizontal directions in an image. The prediction of the confidence enables estimating occluded locations by extracting global contextual information. ESA module can be easily implemented and applied to any encoder-decoder-based model without increasing the inference time. The performance of our method is evaluated on three popular lane detection benchmarks (TuSimple, CULane and BDD100K). We achieve state-of-the-art performance in CULane and BDD100K and distinct improvement on TuSimple dataset. The experimental results show that our approach is robust to occlusion and extreme lighting conditions.      
### 22.A Novel Bio-Inspired Texture Descriptor based on Biodiversity and Taxonomic Measures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06997.pdf)
>  Texture can be defined as the change of image intensity that forms repetitive patterns, resulting from physical properties of the object's roughness or differences in a reflection on the surface. Considering that texture forms a complex system of patterns in a non-deterministic way, biodiversity concepts can help to its characterization. In this paper, we propose a novel approach capable of quantifying such a complex system of diverse patterns through species diversity and richness, and taxonomic distinctiveness. The proposed approach considers each image channel as a species ecosystem and computes species diversity and richness measures as well as taxonomic measures to describe the texture. The proposed approach takes advantage of the invariance characteristics of ecological patterns to build a permutation, rotation, and translation invariant descriptor. Experimental results on three datasets of natural texture images and two datasets of histopathological images have shown that the proposed texture descriptor has advantages over several texture descriptors and deep methods.      
### 23.DeepRA: Predicting Joint Damage From Radiographs Using CNN with Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06982.pdf)
>  Joint damage in Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) is assessed by manually inspecting and grading radiographs of hands and feet. This is a tedious task which requires trained experts whose subjective assessment leads to low inter-rater agreement. An algorithm which can automatically predict the joint level damage in hands and feet can help optimize this process, which will eventually aid the doctors in better patient care and research. In this paper, we propose a two-staged approach which amalgamates object detection and convolution neural networks with attention which can efficiently and accurately predict the overall and joint level narrowing and erosion from patients radiographs. This approach has been evaluated on hands and feet radiographs of patients suffering from RA and has achieved a weighted root mean squared error (RMSE) of 1.358 and 1.404 in predicting joint level narrowing and erosion Sharp van der Heijde (SvH) scores which is 31% and 19% improvement with respect to the baseline SvH scores, respectively. The proposed approach achieved a weighted absolute error of 1.456 in predicting the overall damage in hands and feet radiographs for the patients which is a 79% improvement as compared to the baseline. Our method also provides an inherent capability to provide explanations for model predictions using attention weights, which is essential given the black box nature of deep learning models. The proposed approach was developed during the RA2 Dream Challenge hosted by Dream Challenges and secured 4th and 8th position in predicting overall and joint level narrowing and erosion SvH scores from radiographs.      
### 24.Normalized Convolution Upsampling for Refined Optical Flow Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06979.pdf)
>  Optical flow is a regression task where convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have led to major breakthroughs. However, this comes at major computational demands due to the use of cost-volumes and pyramidal representations. This was mitigated by producing flow predictions at quarter the resolution, which are upsampled using bilinear interpolation during test time. Consequently, fine details are usually lost and post-processing is needed to restore them. We propose the Normalized Convolution UPsampler (NCUP), an efficient joint upsampling approach to produce the full-resolution flow during the training of optical flow CNNs. Our proposed approach formulates the upsampling task as a sparse problem and employs the normalized convolutional neural networks to solve it. We evaluate our upsampler against existing joint upsampling approaches when trained end-to-end with a a coarse-to-fine optical flow CNN (PWCNet) and we show that it outperforms all other approaches on the FlyingChairs dataset while having at least one order fewer parameters. Moreover, we test our upsampler with a recurrent optical flow CNN (RAFT) and we achieve state-of-the-art results on Sintel benchmark with ~6% error reduction, and on-par on the KITTI dataset, while having 7.5% fewer parameters (see Figure 1). Finally, our upsampler shows better generalization capabilities than RAFT when trained and evaluated on different datasets.      
### 25.Discrete Cosine Transform in JPEG Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06968.pdf)
>  Image Compression has become an absolute necessity in today's day and age. With the advent of the Internet era, compressing files to share among other users is quintessential. Several efforts have been made to reduce file sizes while still maintain image quality in order to transmit files even on limited bandwidth connections. This paper discusses the need for Discrete Cosine Transform or DCT in the compression of images in Joint Photographic Experts Group or JPEG file format. Via an intensive literature study, this paper first introduces DCT and JPEG Compression. The section preceding it discusses how JPEG compression is implemented by DCT. The last section concludes with further real world applications of DCT in image processing.      
### 26.Improving Automated Visual Fault Detection by Combining a Biologically Plausible Model of Visual Attention with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06955.pdf)
>  It is a long-term goal to transfer biological processing principles as well as the power of human recognition into machine vision and engineering systems. One of such principles is visual attention, a smart human concept which focuses processing on a part of a scene. In this contribution, we utilize attention to improve the automatic detection of defect patterns for wafers within the domain of semiconductor manufacturing. Previous works in the domain have often utilized classical machine learning approaches such as KNNs, SVMs, or MLPs, while a few have already used modern approaches like deep neural networks (DNNs). However, one problem in the domain is that the faults are often very small and have to be detected within a larger size of the chip or even the wafer. Therefore, small structures in the size of pixels have to be detected in a vast amount of image data. One interesting principle of the human brain for solving this problem is visual attention. Hence, we employ here a biologically plausible model of visual attention for automatic visual inspection. We propose a hybrid system of visual attention and a deep neural network. As demonstrated, our system achieves among other decisive advantages an improvement in accuracy from 81% to 92%, and an increase in accuracy for detecting faults from 67% to 88%. Hence, the error rates are reduced from 19% to 8%, and notably from 33% to 12% for detecting a fault in a chip. These results show that attention can greatly improve the performance of visual inspection systems. Furthermore, we conduct a broad evaluation, identifying specific advantages of the biological attention model in this application, and benchmarks standard deep learning approaches as an alternative with and without attention. <br>This work is an extended arXiv version of the original conference article published in "IECON 2020", which has been extended regarding visual attention.      
### 27.Multi-class Generative Adversarial Nets for Semi-supervised Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06944.pdf)
>  From generating never-before-seen images to domain adaptation, applications of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) spread wide in the domain of vision and graphics problems. With the remarkable ability of GANs in learning the distribution and generating images of a particular class, they can be used for semi-supervised classification tasks. However, the problem is that if two classes of images share similar characteristics, the GAN might learn to generalize and hinder the classification of the two classes. In this paper, we use various images from MNIST and Fashion-MNIST datasets to illustrate how similar images cause the GAN to generalize, leading to the poor classification of images. We propose a modification to the traditional training of GANs that allows for improved multi-class classification in similar classes of images in a semi-supervised learning framework.      
### 28.Rotation-Equivariant Deep Learning for Diffusion MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06942.pdf)
>  Convolutional networks are successful, but they have recently been outperformed by new neural networks that are equivariant under rotations and translations. These new networks work better because they do not struggle with learning each possible orientation of each image feature separately. So far, they have been proposed for 2D and 3D data. Here we generalize them to 6D diffusion MRI data, ensuring joint equivariance under 3D roto-translations in image space and the matching 3D rotations in $q$-space, as dictated by the image formation. Such equivariant deep learning is appropriate for diffusion MRI, because microstructural and macrostructural features such as neural fibers can appear at many different orientations, and because even non-rotation-equivariant deep learning has so far been the best method for many diffusion MRI tasks. We validate our equivariant method on multiple-sclerosis lesion segmentation. Our proposed neural networks yield better results and require fewer scans for training compared to non-rotation-equivariant deep learning. They also inherit all the advantages of deep learning over classical diffusion MRI methods. Our implementation is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/philip-mueller/equivariant-deep-dmri" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> and can be used off the shelf without understanding the mathematical background.      
### 29.Segmenting two-dimensional structures with strided tensor networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06900.pdf)
>  Tensor networks provide an efficient approximation of operations involving high dimensional tensors and have been extensively used in modelling quantum many-body systems. More recently, supervised learning has been attempted with tensor networks, primarily focused on tasks such as image classification. In this work, we propose a novel formulation of tensor networks for supervised image segmentation which allows them to operate on high resolution medical images. We use the matrix product state (MPS) tensor network on non-overlapping patches of a given input image to predict the segmentation mask by learning a pixel-wise linear classification rule in a high dimensional space. The proposed model is end-to-end trainable using backpropagation. It is implemented as a Strided Tensor Network to reduce the parameter complexity. The performance of the proposed method is evaluated on two public medical imaging datasets and compared to relevant baselines. The evaluation shows that the strided tensor network yields competitive performance compared to CNN-based models while using fewer resources. Additionally, based on the experiments we discuss the feasibility of using fully linear models for segmentation tasks.      
### 30.Saliency-Aware Class-Agnostic Food Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06882.pdf)
>  Advances in image-based dietary assessment methods have allowed nutrition professionals and researchers to improve the accuracy of dietary assessment, where images of food consumed are captured using smartphones or wearable devices. These images are then analyzed using computer vision methods to estimate energy and nutrition content of the foods. Food image segmentation, which determines the regions in an image where foods are located, plays an important role in this process. Current methods are data dependent, thus cannot generalize well for different food types. To address this problem, we propose a class-agnostic food image segmentation method. Our method uses a pair of eating scene images, one before start eating and one after eating is completed. Using information from both the before and after eating images, we can segment food images by finding the salient missing objects without any prior information about the food class. We model a paradigm of top down saliency which guides the attention of the human visual system (HVS) based on a task to find the salient missing objects in a pair of images. Our method is validated on food images collected from a dietary study which showed promising results.      
### 31.Fast, Accurate Barcode Detection in Ultra High-Resolution Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06868.pdf)
>  Object detection in Ultra High-Resolution (UHR) images has long been a challenging problem in computer vision due to the varying scales of the targeted objects. When it comes to barcode detection, resizing UHR input images to smaller sizes often leads to the loss of pertinent information, while processing them directly is highly inefficient and computationally expensive. In this paper, we propose using semantic segmentation to achieve a fast and accurate detection of barcodes of various scales in UHR images. Our pipeline involves a modified Region Proposal Network (RPN) on images of size greater than 10k$\times$10k and a newly proposed Y-Net segmentation network, followed by a post-processing workflow for fitting a bounding box around each segmented barcode mask. The end-to-end system has a latency of 16 milliseconds, which is $2.5\times$ faster than YOLOv4 and $5.9\times$ faster than Mask RCNN. In terms of accuracy, our method outperforms YOLOv4 and Mask R-CNN by a $mAP$ of 5.5% and 47.1% respectively, on a synthetic dataset. We have made available the generated synthetic barcode dataset and its code at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.github.com/viplab/BSBD/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 32.CPP-Net: Context-aware Polygon Proposal Network for Nucleus Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06867.pdf)
>  Nucleus segmentation is a challenging task due to the crowded distribution and blurry boundaries of nuclei. Recent approaches represent nuclei by means of polygons to differentiate between touching and overlapping nuclei and have accordingly achieved promising performance. Each polygon is represented by a set of centroid-to-boundary distances, which are in turn predicted by features of the centroid pixel for a single nucleus. However, using the centroid pixel alone does not provide sufficient contextual information for robust prediction. To handle this problem, we propose a Context-aware Polygon Proposal Network (CPP-Net) for nucleus segmentation. First, we sample a point set rather than one single pixel within each cell for distance prediction. This strategy substantially enhances contextual information and thereby improves the robustness of the prediction. Second, we propose a Confidence-based Weighting Module, which adaptively fuses the predictions from the sampled point set. Third, we introduce a novel Shape-Aware Perceptual (SAP) loss that constrains the shape of the predicted polygons. Here, the SAP loss is based on an additional network that is pre-trained by means of mapping the centroid probability map and the pixel-to-boundary distance maps to a different nucleus representation. Extensive experiments justify the effectiveness of each component in the proposed CPP-Net. Finally, CPP-Net is found to achieve state-of-the-art performance on three publicly available databases, namely DSB2018, BBBC06, and PanNuke. Code of this paper will be released.      
### 33.Adversarial Unsupervised Domain Adaptation Guided with Deep Clustering for Face Presentation Attack Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06864.pdf)
>  Face Presentation Attack Detection (PAD) has drawn increasing attentions to secure the face recognition systems that are widely used in many applications. Conventional face anti-spoofing methods have been proposed, assuming that testing is from the same domain used for training, and so cannot generalize well on unseen attack scenarios. The trained models tend to overfit to the acquisition sensors and attack types available in the training data. In light of this, we propose an end-to-end learning framework based on Domain Adaptation (DA) to improve PAD generalization capability. Labeled source-domain samples are used to train the feature extractor and classifier via cross-entropy loss, while unsupervised data from the target domain are utilized in adversarial DA approach causing the model to learn domain-invariant features. Using DA alone in face PAD fails to adapt well to target domain that is acquired in different conditions with different devices and attack types than the source domain. And so, in order to keep the intrinsic properties of the target domain, deep clustering of target samples is performed. Training and deep clustering are performed end-to-end, and experiments performed on several public benchmark datasets validate that our proposed Deep Clustering guided Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (DCDA) can learn more generalized information compared with the state-of-the-art classification error on the target domain.      
### 34.Learning Speech-driven 3D Conversational Gestures from Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06837.pdf)
>  We propose the first approach to automatically and jointly synthesize both the synchronous 3D conversational body and hand gestures, as well as 3D face and head animations, of a virtual character from speech input. Our algorithm uses a CNN architecture that leverages the inherent correlation between facial expression and hand gestures. Synthesis of conversational body gestures is a multi-modal problem since many similar gestures can plausibly accompany the same input speech. To synthesize plausible body gestures in this setting, we train a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) based model that measures the plausibility of the generated sequences of 3D body motion when paired with the input audio features. We also contribute a new way to create a large corpus of more than 33 hours of annotated body, hand, and face data from in-the-wild videos of talking people. To this end, we apply state-of-the-art monocular approaches for 3D body and hand pose estimation as well as dense 3D face performance capture to the video corpus. In this way, we can train on orders of magnitude more data than previous algorithms that resort to complex in-studio motion capture solutions, and thereby train more expressive synthesis algorithms. Our experiments and user study show the state-of-the-art quality of our speech-synthesized full 3D character animations.      
### 35.Unanswerable Questions about Images and Texts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06793.pdf)
>  Questions about a text or an image that cannot be answered raise distinctive issues for an AI. This note discusses the problem of unanswerable questions in VQA (visual question answering), in QA (visual question answering), and in AI generally.      
### 36.VIPPrint: A Large Scale Dataset of Printed and Scanned Images for Synthetic Face Images Detection and Source Linking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06792.pdf)
>  The possibility of carrying out a meaningful forensics analysis on printed and scanned images plays a major role in many applications. First of all, printed documents are often associated with criminal activities, such as terrorist plans, child pornography pictures, and even fake packages. Additionally, printing and scanning can be used to hide the traces of image manipulation or the synthetic nature of images, since the artifacts commonly found in manipulated and synthetic images are gone after the images are printed and scanned. A problem hindering research in this area is the lack of large scale reference datasets to be used for algorithm development and benchmarking. Motivated by this issue, we present a new dataset composed of a large number of synthetic and natural printed face images. To highlight the difficulties associated with the analysis of the images of the dataset, we carried out an extensive set of experiments comparing several printer attribution methods. We also verified that state-of-the-art methods to distinguish natural and synthetic face images fail when applied to print and scanned images. We envision that the availability of the new dataset and the preliminary experiments we carried out will motivate and facilitate further research in this area.      
### 37.INSTA-YOLO: Real-Time Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06777.pdf)
>  Instance segmentation has gained recently huge attention in various computer vision applications. It aims at providing different IDs to different objects of the scene, even if they belong to the same class. Instance segmentation is usually performed as a two-stage pipeline. First, an object is detected, then semantic segmentation within the detected box area is performed which involves costly up-sampling. In this paper, we propose Insta-YOLO, a novel one-stage end-to-end deep learning model for real-time instance segmentation. Instead of pixel-wise prediction, our model predicts instances as object contours represented by 2D points in Cartesian space. We evaluate our model on three datasets, namely, Carvana,Cityscapes and Airbus. We compare our results to the state-of-the-art models for instance segmentation. The results show our model achieves competitive accuracy in terms of mAP at twice the speed on GTX-1080 GPU.      
### 38.Revisiting the details when evaluating a visual tracker  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06733.pdf)
>  Visual tracking algorithms are naturally adopted in various applications, there have been several benchmarks and many tracking algorithms, more expected to appear in the future. In this report, I focus on single object tracking and revisit the details of tracker evaluation based on widely used OTB\cite{otb} benchmark by introducing a simpler, accurate, and extensible method for tracker evaluation and comparison. Experimental results suggest that there may not be an absolute winner among tracking algorithms. We have to perform detailed analysis to select suitable trackers for use cases.      
### 39.Towards Robust Visual Information Extraction in Real World: New Dataset and Novel Solution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06732.pdf)
>  Visual information extraction (VIE) has attracted considerable attention recently owing to its various advanced applications such as document understanding, automatic marking and intelligent education. Most existing works decoupled this problem into several independent sub-tasks of text spotting (text detection and recognition) and information extraction, which completely ignored the high correlation among them during optimization. In this paper, we propose a robust visual information extraction system (VIES) towards real-world scenarios, which is a unified end-to-end trainable framework for simultaneous text detection, recognition and information extraction by taking a single document image as input and outputting the structured information. Specifically, the information extraction branch collects abundant visual and semantic representations from text spotting for multimodal feature fusion and conversely, provides higher-level semantic clues to contribute to the optimization of text spotting. Moreover, regarding the shortage of public benchmarks, we construct a fully-annotated dataset called EPHOIE (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HCIILAB/EPHOIE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>), which is the first Chinese benchmark for both text spotting and visual information extraction. EPHOIE consists of 1,494 images of examination paper head with complex layouts and background, including a total of 15,771 Chinese handwritten or printed text instances. Compared with the state-of-the-art methods, our VIES shows significant superior performance on the EPHOIE dataset and achieves a 9.01% F-score gain on the widely used SROIE dataset under the end-to-end scenario.      
### 40.A novel method for object detection using deep learning and CAD models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06729.pdf)
>  Object Detection (OD) is an important computer vision problem for industry, which can be used for quality control in the production lines, among other applications. Recently, Deep Learning (DL) methods have enabled practitioners to train OD models performing well on complex real world images. However, the adoption of these models in industry is still limited by the difficulty and the significant cost of collecting high quality training datasets. On the other hand, when applying OD to the context of production lines, CAD models of the objects to be detected are often available. In this paper, we introduce a fully automated method that uses a CAD model of an object and returns a fully trained OD model for detecting this object. To do this, we created a Blender script that generates realistic labeled datasets of images containing the object, which are then used for training the OD model. The method is validated experimentally on two practical examples, showing that this approach can generate OD models performing well on real images, while being trained only on synthetic images. The proposed method has potential to facilitate the adoption of object detection models in industry as it is easy to adapt for new objects and highly flexible. Hence, it can result in significant costs reduction, gains in productivity and improved products quality.      
### 41.End-to-End Egospheric Spatial Memory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07764.pdf)
>  Spatial memory, or the ability to remember and recall specific locations and objects, is central to autonomous agents' ability to carry out tasks in real environments. However, most existing artificial memory modules are not very adept at storing spatial information. We propose a parameter-free module, Egospheric Spatial Memory (ESM), which encodes the memory in an ego-sphere around the agent, enabling expressive 3D representations. ESM can be trained end-to-end via either imitation or reinforcement learning, and improves both training efficiency and final performance against other memory baselines on both drone and manipulator visuomotor control tasks. The explicit egocentric geometry also enables us to seamlessly combine the learned controller with other non-learned modalities, such as local obstacle avoidance. We further show applications to semantic segmentation on the ScanNet dataset, where ESM naturally combines image-level and map-level inference modalities. Through our broad set of experiments, we show that ESM provides a general computation graph for embodied spatial reasoning, and the module forms a bridge between real-time mapping systems and differentiable memory architectures. Implementation at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ivy-dl/memory" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 42.Scan-Specific MRI Reconstruction using Zero-Shot Physics-Guided Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07737.pdf)
>  Physics-guided deep learning (PG-DL) has emerged as a powerful tool for accelerated MRI reconstruction, while often necessitating a database of fully-sampled measurements for training. Recent self-supervised and unsupervised learning approaches enable training without fully-sampled data. However, a database of undersampled measurements may not be available in many scenarios, especially for scans involving contrast or recently developed sequences, necessitating new methodology for scan-specific PG-DL reconstructions. A main challenge for developing scan-specific PG-DL methods is the large number of parameters, making it prone to over-fitting. Moreover, database-trained models may not generalize to unseen measurements that differ in terms of SNR, image contrast or sampling pattern. In this work, we propose a zero-shot self-supervised learning approach to perform scan-specific PG-DL reconstruction to tackle these issues. The proposed approach splits available measurements for each scan into three disjoint sets. Two of these sets are used to enforce data consistency and define loss during training, while the last set is used to establish an early stopping criterion. In the presence of models pre-trained on a database, we show that the proposed approach can be adapted as scan-specific fine-tuning via transfer learning to further improve reconstruction quality.      
### 43.Detection and severity classification of COVID-19 in CT images using deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07726.pdf)
>  Since the breakout of coronavirus disease (COVID-19), the computer-aided diagnosis has become a necessity to prevent the spread of the virus. Detecting COVID-19 at an early stage is essential to reduce the mortality risk of the patients. In this study, a cascaded system is proposed to segment the lung, detect, localize, and quantify COVID-19 infections from computed tomography (CT) images Furthermore, the system classifies the severity of COVID-19 as mild, moderate, severe, or critical based on the percentage of infected lungs. An extensive set of experiments were performed using state-of-the-art deep Encoder-Decoder Convolutional Neural Networks (ED-CNNs), UNet, and Feature Pyramid Network (FPN), with different backbone (encoder) structures using the variants of DenseNet and ResNet. The conducted experiments showed the best performance for lung region segmentation with Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) of 97.19% and Intersection over Union (IoU) of 95.10% using U-Net model with the DenseNet 161 encoder. Furthermore, the proposed system achieved an elegant performance for COVID-19 infection segmentation with a DSC of 94.13% and IoU of 91.85% using the FPN model with the DenseNet201 encoder. The achieved performance is significantly superior to previous methods for COVID-19 lesion localization. Besides, the proposed system can reliably localize infection of various shapes and sizes, especially small infection regions, which are rarely considered in recent studies. Moreover, the proposed system achieved high COVID-19 detection performance with 99.64% sensitivity and 98.72% specificity. Finally, the system was able to discriminate between different severity levels of COVID-19 infection over a dataset of 1,110 subjects with sensitivity values of 98.3%, 71.2%, 77.8%, and 100% for mild, moderate, severe, and critical infections, respectively.      
### 44.Translational Equivariance in Kernelizable Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07680.pdf)
>  While Transformer architectures have show remarkable success, they are bound to the computation of all pairwise interactions of input element and thus suffer from limited scalability. Recent work has been successful by avoiding the computation of the complete attention matrix, yet leads to problems down the line. The absence of an explicit attention matrix makes the inclusion of inductive biases relying on relative interactions between elements more challenging. An extremely powerful inductive bias is translational equivariance, which has been conjectured to be responsible for much of the success of Convolutional Neural Networks on image recognition tasks. In this work we show how translational equivariance can be implemented in efficient Transformers based on kernelizable attention - Performers. Our experiments highlight that the devised approach significantly improves robustness of Performers to shifts of input images compared to their naive application. This represents an important step on the path of replacing Convolutional Neural Networks with more expressive Transformer architectures and will help to improve sample efficiency and robustness in this realm.      
### 45.Multi-Scale Neural Networks for to Fluid Flow in 3D Porous Media  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07625.pdf)
>  The permeability of complex porous materials can be obtained via direct flow simulation, which provides the most accurate results, but is very computationally expensive. In particular, the simulation convergence time scales poorly as simulation domains become tighter or more heterogeneous. Semi-analytical models that rely on averaged structural properties (i.e. porosity and tortuosity) have been proposed, but these features only summarize the domain, resulting in limited applicability. On the other hand, data-driven machine learning approaches have shown great promise for building more general models by virtue of accounting for the spatial arrangement of the domains solid boundaries. However, prior approaches building on the Convolutional Neural Network (ConvNet) literature concerning 2D image recognition problems do not scale well to the large 3D domains required to obtain a Representative Elementary Volume (REV). As such, most prior work focused on homogeneous samples, where a small REV entails that that the global nature of fluid flow could be mostly neglected, and accordingly, the memory bottleneck of addressing 3D domains with ConvNets was side-stepped. Therefore, important geometries such as fractures and vuggy domains could not be well-modeled. In this work, we address this limitation with a general multiscale deep learning model that is able to learn from porous media simulation data. By using a coupled set of neural networks that view the domain on different scales, we enable the evaluation of large images in approximately one second on a single Graphics Processing Unit. This model architecture opens up the possibility of modeling domain sizes that would not be feasible using traditional direct simulation tools on a desktop computer.      
### 46.Learning image quality assessment by reinforcing task amenable data selection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07615.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider a type of image quality assessment as a task-specific measurement, which can be used to select images that are more amenable to a given target task, such as image classification or segmentation. We propose to train simultaneously two neural networks for image selection and a target task using reinforcement learning. A controller network learns an image selection policy by maximising an accumulated reward based on the target task performance on the controller-selected validation set, whilst the target task predictor is optimised using the training set. The trained controller is therefore able to reject those images that lead to poor accuracy in the target task. In this work, we show that the controller-predicted image quality can be significantly different from the task-specific image quality labels that are manually defined by humans. Furthermore, we demonstrate that it is possible to learn effective image quality assessment without using a ``clean'' validation set, thereby avoiding the requirement for human labelling of images with respect to their amenability for the task. Using $6712$, labelled and segmented, clinical ultrasound images from $259$ patients, experimental results on holdout data show that the proposed image quality assessment achieved a mean classification accuracy of $0.94\pm0.01$ and a mean segmentation Dice of $0.89\pm0.02$, by discarding $5\%$ and $15\%$ of the acquired images, respectively. The significantly improved performance was observed for both tested tasks, compared with the respective $0.90\pm0.01$ and $0.82\pm0.02$ from networks without considering task amenability. This enables image quality feedback during real-time ultrasound acquisition among many other medical imaging applications.      
### 47.Colored Kimia Path24 Dataset: Configurations and Benchmarks with Deep Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07611.pdf)
>  The Kimia Path24 dataset has been introduced as a classification and retrieval dataset for digital pathology. Although it provides multi-class data, the color information has been neglected in the process of extracting patches. The staining information plays a major role in the recognition of tissue patterns. To address this drawback, we introduce the color version of Kimia Path24 by recreating sample patches from all 24 scans to propose Kimia Path24C. We run extensive experiments to determine the best configuration for selected patches. To provide preliminary results for setting a benchmark for the new dataset, we utilize VGG16, InceptionV3 and DenseNet-121 model as feature extractors. Then, we use these feature vectors to retrieve test patches. The accuracy of image retrieval using DenseNet was 95.92% while the highest accuracy using InceptionV3 and VGG16 reached 92.45% and 92%, respectively. We also experimented with "deep barcodes" and established that with a small loss in accuracy (e.g., 93.43% for binarized features for DenseNet instead of 95.92% when the features themselves are used), the search operations can be significantly accelerated.      
### 48.Plug-and-Play external and internal priors for image restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07510.pdf)
>  Image restoration problems were traditionally formulated as the minimization of variational models, including data-fidelity and regularization terms, performed by optimization methods with well-established convergence properties. Recently, Plug-and-Play (PnP) methods for image restoration have obtained very good results and popularity by introducing, in iterative proximal algorithms, any off-the-shelf denoiser as priors. Deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) denoisers specify external priors (related to an outer training set) which well reflect image statistics; however they fail when dealing with unseen noise variance and image patterns in the given image. Conversely, the so-called internal denoisers induce internal priorsta ilored on the observed data, by forcing specific features on the desired image. We propose a new PnP scheme, based on the Half-Quadratic Splitting proximal algorithm, combining external and internal priors. Moreover, differently from other existing PnP methods, we propose a deep denoiser acting on the image gradient domain. Finally, we prove that a fixed point convergence is guaranteed for the proposed scheme under suitable conditions. In the experimental part, we use CNN denoisers and the Total Variation functional specifying external and internal priors, respectively. We prove the effectiveness of the proposed method in restoring blurred noisy images, both in simulated and real medical settings.      
### 49.Holographic Cell Stiffness Mapping Using Acoustic Stimulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07480.pdf)
>  Accurate assessment of stiffness distribution is essential due to the critical role of single cell mechanobiology in the regulation of many vital cellular processes such as proliferation, adhesion, migration, and motility. Cell stiffness is one of the fundamental mechanical properties of the cell and is greatly affected by the intracellular tensional forces, cytoskeletal prestress, and cytoskeleton structure. Herein, we propose a novel holographic single-cell stiffness measurement technique that can obtain the stiffness distribution over a cell membrane at high resolution and in real-time. The proposed imaging method coupled with acoustic signals allows us to assess the cell stiffness distribution with a low error margin and label-free manner. We demonstrate the proposed technique on HCT116 (Human Colorectal Carcinoma) cells and CTC-mimicked HCT116 cells by induction with transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-\b{eta}). Validation studies of the proposed approach were carried out on certified polystyrene microbeads with known stiffness levels. Its performance was evaluated in comparison with the AFM results obtained for the relevant cells. When the experimental results were examined, the proposed methodology shows utmost performance over average cell stiffness values for HCT116, and CTC-mimicked HCT116 cells were found as 1.08 kPa, and 0.88 kPa, respectively. The results confirm that CTC-mimicked HCT116 cells lose their adhesion ability to enter the vascular circulation and metastasize. They also exhibit a softer stiffness profile compared to adherent forms of the cancer cells. Hence, the proposed technique is a significant, reliable, and faster alternative for in-vitro cell stiffness characterization tools. It can be utilized for various applications where single-cell analysis is required, such as disease modeling, drug testing, diagnostics, and many more.      
### 50.Maximizing Conditional Entropy for Batch-Mode Active Learning of Perceptual Metrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07365.pdf)
>  Active metric learning is the problem of incrementally selecting batches of training data (typically, ordered triplets) to annotate, in order to progressively improve a learned model of a metric over some input domain as rapidly as possible. Standard approaches, which independently select each triplet in a batch, are susceptible to highly correlated batches with many redundant triplets and hence low overall utility. While there has been recent work on selecting decorrelated batches for metric learning \cite{kumari2020batch}, these methods rely on ad hoc heuristics to estimate the correlation between two triplets at a time. We present a novel approach for batch mode active metric learning using the Maximum Entropy Principle that seeks to collectively select batches with maximum joint entropy, which captures both the informativeness and the diversity of the triplets. The entropy is derived from the second-order statistics estimated by dropout. We take advantage of the monotonically increasing submodular entropy function to construct an efficient greedy algorithm based on Gram-Schmidt orthogonalization that is provably $\left( 1 - \frac{1}{e} \right)$-optimal. Our approach is the first batch-mode active metric learning method to define a unified score that balances informativeness and diversity for an entire batch of triplets. Experiments with several real-world datasets demonstrate that our algorithm is robust and consistently outperforms the state-of-the-art.      
### 51.Generating Structured Adversarial Attacks Using Frank-Wolfe Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07360.pdf)
>  White box adversarial perturbations are generated via iterative optimization algorithms most often by minimizing an adversarial loss on a $\ell_p$ neighborhood of the original image, the so-called distortion set. Constraining the adversarial search with different norms results in disparately structured adversarial examples. Here we explore several distortion sets with structure-enhancing algorithms. These new structures for adversarial examples might provide challenges for provable and empirical robust mechanisms. Because adversarial robustness is still an empirical field, defense mechanisms should also reasonably be evaluated against differently structured attacks. Besides, these structured adversarial perturbations may allow for larger distortions size than their $\ell_p$ counter-part while remaining imperceptible or perceptible as natural distortions of the image. We will demonstrate in this work that the proposed structured adversarial examples can significantly bring down the classification accuracy of adversarialy trained classifiers while showing low $\ell_2$ distortion rate. For instance, on ImagNet dataset the structured attacks drop the accuracy of adversarial model to near zero with only 50\% of $\ell_2$ distortion generated using white-box attacks like PGD. As a byproduct, our finding on structured adversarial examples can be used for adversarial regularization of models to make models more robust or improve their generalization performance on datasets which are structurally different.      
### 52.Weak Adaptation Learning -- Addressing Cross-domain Data Insufficiency with Weak Annotator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07358.pdf)
>  Data quantity and quality are crucial factors for data-driven learning methods. In some target problem domains, there are not many data samples available, which could significantly hinder the learning process. While data from similar domains may be leveraged to help through domain adaptation, obtaining high-quality labeled data for those source domains themselves could be difficult or costly. To address such challenges on data insufficiency for classification problem in a target domain, we propose a weak adaptation learning (WAL) approach that leverages unlabeled data from a similar source domain, a low-cost weak annotator that produces labels based on task-specific heuristics, labeling rules, or other methods (albeit with inaccuracy), and a small amount of labeled data in the target domain. Our approach first conducts a theoretical analysis on the error bound of the trained classifier with respect to the data quantity and the performance of the weak annotator, and then introduces a multi-stage weak adaptation learning method to learn an accurate classifier by lowering the error bound. Our experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach in learning an accurate classifier with limited labeled data in the target domain and unlabeled data in the source domain.      
### 53.On the Theory of Implicit Deep Learning: Global Convergence with Implicit Layers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07346.pdf)
>  A deep equilibrium model uses implicit layers, which are implicitly defined through an equilibrium point of an infinite sequence of computation. It avoids any explicit computation of the infinite sequence by finding an equilibrium point directly via root-finding and by computing gradients via implicit differentiation. In this paper, we analyze the gradient dynamics of deep equilibrium models with nonlinearity only on weight matrices and non-convex objective functions of weights for regression and classification. Despite non-convexity, convergence to global optimum at a linear rate is guaranteed without any assumption on the width of the models, allowing the width to be smaller than the output dimension and the number of data points. Moreover, we prove a relation between the gradient dynamics of the deep implicit layer and the dynamics of trust region Newton method of a shallow explicit layer. This mathematically proven relation along with our numerical observation suggests the importance of understanding implicit bias of implicit layers and an open problem on the topic. Our proofs deal with implicit layers, weight tying and nonlinearity on weights, and differ from those in the related literature.      
### 54.CAP-GAN: Towards Adversarial Robustness with Cycle-consistent Attentional Purification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07304.pdf)
>  Adversarial attack is aimed at fooling the target classifier with imperceptible perturbation. Adversarial examples, which are carefully crafted with a malicious purpose, can lead to erroneous predictions, resulting in catastrophic accidents. To mitigate the effects of adversarial attacks, we propose a novel purification model called CAP-GAN. CAP-GAN takes account of the idea of pixel-level and feature-level consistency to achieve reasonable purification under cycle-consistent learning. Specifically, we utilize the guided attention module and knowledge distillation to convey meaningful information to the purification model. Once a model is fully trained, inputs would be projected into the purification model and transformed into clean-like images. We vary the capacity of the adversary to argue the robustness against various types of attack strategies. On the CIFAR-10 dataset, CAP-GAN outperforms other pre-processing based defenses under both black-box and white-box settings.      
### 55.Attention-gated convolutional neural networks for off-resonance correction of spiral real-time MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07271.pdf)
>  Spiral acquisitions are preferred in real-time MRI because of their efficiency, which has made it possible to capture vocal tract dynamics during natural speech. A fundamental limitation of spirals is blurring and signal loss due to off-resonance, which degrades image quality at air-tissue boundaries. Here, we present a new CNN-based off-resonance correction method that incorporates an attention-gate mechanism. This leverages spatial and channel relationships of filtered outputs and improves the expressiveness of the networks. We demonstrate improved performance with the attention-gate, on 1.5 Tesla spiral speech RT-MRI, compared to existing off-resonance correction methods.      
### 56.Estimating Nonplanar Flow from 2D Motion-blurred Widefield Microscopy Images via Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07228.pdf)
>  Optical flow is a method aimed at predicting the movement velocity of any pixel in the image and is used in medicine and biology to estimate flow of particles in organs or organelles. However, a precise optical flow measurement requires images taken at high speed and low exposure time, which induces phototoxicity due to the increase in illumination power. We are looking here to estimate the three-dimensional movement vector field of moving out-of-plane particles using normal light conditions and a standard microscope camera. <br>We present a method to predict, from a single textured wide-field microscopy image, the movement of out-of-plane particles using the local characteristics of the motion blur. We estimated the velocity vector field from the local estimation of the blur model parameters using an deep neural network and achieved a prediction with a regression coefficient of 0.92 between the ground truth simulated vector field and the output of the network. This method could enable microscopists to gain insights about the dynamic properties of samples without the need for high-speed cameras or high-intensity light exposure.      
### 57.Multi-Texture GAN: Exploring the Multi-Scale Texture Translation for Brain MR Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07225.pdf)
>  Inter-scanner and inter-protocol discrepancy in MRI datasets are known to lead to significant quantification variability. Hence image-to-image or scanner-to-scanner translation is a crucial frontier in the area of medical image analysis with a lot of potential applications. Nonetheless, a significant percentage of existing algorithms cannot explicitly exploit and preserve texture details from target scanners and offers individual solutions towards specialized task-specific architectures. In this paper, we design a multi-scale texture transfer to enrich the reconstruction images with more details. Specifically, after calculating textural similarity, the multi-scale texture can adaptively transfer the texture information from target images or reference images to restored images. Different from the pixel-wise matching space as done by previous algorithms, we match texture features in a multi-scale scheme implemented in the neural space. The matching mechanism can exploit multi-scale neural transfer that encourages the model to grasp more semantic-related and lesion-related priors from the target or reference images. We evaluate our multi-scale texture GAN on three different tasks without any task-specific modifications: cross-protocol super-resolution of diffusion MRI, T1-Flair, and Flair-T2 modality translation. Our multi-texture GAN rehabilitates more high-resolution structures (i.e., edges and anatomy), texture (i.e., contrast and pixel intensities), and lesion information (i.e., tumor). The extensively quantitative and qualitative experiments demonstrate that our method achieves superior results in inter-protocol or inter-scanner translation over state-of-the-art methods.      
### 58.Self Regulated Learning Mechanism for Data Efficient Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07125.pdf)
>  Existing methods for distillation use the conventional training approach where all samples participate equally in the process and are thus highly inefficient in terms of data utilization. In this paper, a novel data-efficient approach to transfer the knowledge from a teacher model to a student model is presented. Here, the teacher model uses self-regulation to select appropriate samples for training and identifies their significance in the process. During distillation, the significance information can be used along with the soft-targets to supervise the students. Depending on the use of self-regulation and sample significance information in supervising the knowledge transfer process, three types of distillations are proposed - significance-based, regulated, and hybrid, respectively. Experiments on benchmark datasets show that the proposed methods achieve similar performance as other state-of-the-art methods for knowledge distillation while utilizing a significantly less number of samples.      
### 59.Light Field Reconstruction via Attention-Guided Deep Fusion of Hybrid Lenses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07085.pdf)
>  This paper explores the problem of reconstructing high-resolution light field (LF) images from hybrid lenses, including a high-resolution camera surrounded by multiple low-resolution cameras. The performance of existing methods is still limited, as they produce either blurry results on plain textured areas or distortions around depth discontinuous boundaries. To tackle this challenge, we propose a novel end-to-end learning-based approach, which can comprehensively utilize the specific characteristics of the input from two complementary and parallel perspectives. Specifically, one module regresses a spatially consistent intermediate estimation by learning a deep multidimensional and cross-domain feature representation, while the other module warps another intermediate estimation, which maintains the high-frequency textures, by propagating the information of the high-resolution view. We finally leverage the advantages of the two intermediate estimations adaptively via the learned attention maps, leading to the final high-resolution LF image with satisfactory results on both plain textured areas and depth discontinuous boundaries. Besides, to promote the effectiveness of our method trained with simulated hybrid data on real hybrid data captured by a hybrid LF imaging system, we carefully design the network architecture and the training strategy. Extensive experiments on both real and simulated hybrid data demonstrate the significant superiority of our approach over state-of-the-art ones. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first end-to-end deep learning method for LF reconstruction from a real hybrid input. We believe our framework could potentially decrease the cost of high-resolution LF data acquisition and benefit LF data storage and transmission.      
### 60.Model-Agnostic Graph Regularization for Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07077.pdf)
>  In many domains, relationships between categories are encoded in the knowledge graph. Recently, promising results have been achieved by incorporating knowledge graph as side information in hard classification tasks with severely limited data. However, prior models consist of highly complex architectures with many sub-components that all seem to impact performance. In this paper, we present a comprehensive empirical study on graph embedded few-shot learning. We introduce a graph regularization approach that allows a deeper understanding of the impact of incorporating graph information between labels. Our proposed regularization is widely applicable and model-agnostic, and boosts the performance of any few-shot learning model, including fine-tuning, metric-based, and optimization-based meta-learning. Our approach improves the performance of strong base learners by up to 2% on Mini-ImageNet and 6.7% on ImageNet-FS, outperforming state-of-the-art graph embedded methods. Additional analyses reveal that graph regularizing models result in a lower loss for more difficult tasks, such as those with fewer shots and less informative support examples.      
### 61.FastHand: Fast Hand Pose Estimation From A Monocular Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07067.pdf)
>  Hand gesture recognition constitutes the initial step in most methods related to human-robot interaction. There are two key challenges in this task. The first one corresponds to the difficulty of achieving stable and accurate hand landmark predictions in real-world scenarios, while the second to the decreased time of forward inference. In this paper, we propose a fast and accurate framework for hand pose estimation, dubbed as "FastHand". Using a lightweight encoder-decoder network architecture, we achieve to fulfil the requirements of practical applications running on embedded devices. The encoder consists of deep layers with a small number of parameters, while the decoder makes use of spatial location information to obtain more accurate results. The evaluation took place on two publicly available datasets demonstrating the improved performance of the proposed pipeline compared to other state-of-the-art approaches. FastHand offers high accuracy scores while reaching a speed of 25 frames per second on an NVIDIA Jetson TX2 graphics processing unit.      
### 62.Fusion of convolution neural network, support vector machine and Sobel filter for accurate detection of COVID-19 patients using X-ray images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06883.pdf)
>  The coronavirus (COVID-19) is currently the most common contagious disease which is prevalent all over the world. The main challenge of this disease is the primary diagnosis to prevent secondary infections and its spread from one person to another. Therefore, it is essential to use an automatic diagnosis system along with clinical procedures for the rapid diagnosis of COVID-19 to prevent its spread. Artificial intelligence techniques using computed tomography (CT) images of the lungs and chest radiography have the potential to obtain high diagnostic performance for Covid-19 diagnosis. In this study, a fusion of convolutional neural network (CNN), support vector machine (SVM), and Sobel filter is proposed to detect COVID-19 using X-ray images. A new X-ray image dataset was collected and subjected to high pass filter using a Sobel filter to obtain the edges of the images. Then these images are fed to CNN deep learning model followed by SVM classifier with ten-fold cross validation strategy. This method is designed so that it can learn with not many data. Our results show that the proposed CNN-SVM with Sobel filtering (CNN-SVM+Sobel) achieved the highest classification accuracy of 99.02% in accurate detection of COVID-19. It showed that using Sobel filter can improve the performance of CNN. Unlike most of the other researches, this method does not use a pre-trained network. We have also validated our developed model using six public databases and obtained the highest performance. Hence, our developed model is ready for clinical application      
### 63.Self-Reorganizing and Rejuvenating CNNs for Increasing Model Capacity Utilization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06870.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose self-reorganizing and rejuvenating convolutional neural networks; a biologically inspired method for improving the computational resource utilization of neural networks. The proposed method utilizes the channel activations of a convolution layer in order to reorganize that layers parameters. The reorganized parameters are clustered to avoid parameter redundancies. As such, redundant neurons with similar activations are merged leaving room for the remaining parameters to rejuvenate. The rejuvenated parameters learn different features to supplement those learned by the reorganized surviving parameters. As a result, the network capacity utilization increases improving the baseline network performance without any changes to the network structure. The proposed method can be applied to various network architectures during the training stage, or applied to a pre-trained model improving its performance. Experimental results showed that the proposed method is model-agnostic and can be applied to any backbone architecture increasing its performance due to the elevated utilization of the network capacity.      
### 64.Collaborative Intelligence: Challenges and Opportunities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06841.pdf)
>  This paper presents an overview of the emerging area of collaborative intelligence (CI). Our goal is to raise awareness in the signal processing community of the challenges and opportunities in this area of growing importance, where key developments are expected to come from signal processing and related disciplines. The paper surveys the current state of the art in CI, with special emphasis on signal processing-related challenges in feature compression, error resilience, privacy, and system-level design.      
### 65.Understanding self-supervised Learning Dynamics without Contrastive Pairs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06810.pdf)
>  Contrastive approaches to self-supervised learning (SSL) learn representations by minimizing the distance between two augmented views of the same data point (positive pairs) and maximizing the same from different data points (negative pairs). However, recent approaches like BYOL and SimSiam, show remarkable performance {\it without} negative pairs, raising a fundamental theoretical question: how can SSL with only positive pairs avoid representational collapse? We study the nonlinear learning dynamics of non-contrastive SSL in simple linear networks. Our analysis yields conceptual insights into how non-contrastive SSL methods learn, how they avoid representational collapse, and how multiple factors, like predictor networks, stop-gradients, exponential moving averages, and weight decay all come into play. Our simple theory recapitulates the results of real-world ablation studies in both STL-10 and ImageNet. Furthermore, motivated by our theory we propose a novel approach that \emph{directly} sets the predictor based on the statistics of its inputs. In the case of linear predictors, our approach outperforms gradient training of the predictor by $5\%$ and on ImageNet it performs comparably with more complex two-layer non-linear predictors that employ BatchNorm. Code is released in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/facebookresearch/luckmatters/tree/master/ssl" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 66.Blind stain separation using model-aware generative learning and its applications on fluorescence microscopy images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06802.pdf)
>  Multiple stains are usually used to highlight biological substances in biomedical image analysis. To decompose multiple stains for co-localization quantification, blind source separation is usually performed. Prior model-based stain separation methods usually rely on stains' spatial distributions over an image and may fail to solve the co-localization problem. With the advantage of machine learning, deep generative models are used for this purpose. Since prior knowledge of imaging models is ignored in purely data-driven solutions, these methods may be sub-optimal. In this study, a novel learning-based blind source separation framework is proposed, where the physical model of biomedical imaging is incorporated to regularize the learning process. The introduced model-relevant adversarial loss couples all generators in the framework and limits the capacities of the generative models. Further more, a training algorithm is innovated for the proposed framework to avoid inter-generator confusion during learning. This paper particularly takes fluorescence unmixing in fluorescence microscopy images as an application example of the proposed framework. Qualitative and quantitative experimentation on a public fluorescence microscopy image set demonstrates the superiority of the proposed method over both prior model-based approaches and learning-based methods.      
### 67.Neural Network Libraries: A Deep Learning Framework Designed from Engineers' Perspectives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06725.pdf)
>  While there exist a plethora of deep learning tools and frameworks, the fast-growing complexity of the field brings new demands and challenges, such as more flexible network design, speedy computation on distributed setting, and compatibility between different tools. In this paper, we introduce Neural Network Libraries (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://nnabla.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>), a deep learning framework designed from engineer's perspective, with emphasis on usability and compatibility as its core design principles. We elaborate on each of our design principles and its merits, and validate our attempts via experiments.      
