# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 23 Feb 2021
### 1.On Interaction Between Augmentations and Corruptions in Natural Corruption Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11273.pdf)
>  Invariance to a broad array of image corruptions, such as warping, noise, or color shifts, is an important aspect of building robust models in computer vision. Recently, several new data augmentations have been proposed that significantly improve performance on ImageNet-C, a benchmark of such corruptions. However, there is still a lack of basic understanding on the relationship between data augmentations and test-time corruptions. To this end, we develop a feature space for image transforms, and then use a new measure in this space between augmentations and corruptions called the Minimal Sample Distance to demonstrate there is a strong correlation between similarity and performance. We then investigate recent data augmentations and observe a significant degradation in corruption robustness when the test-time corruptions are sampled to be perceptually dissimilar from ImageNet-C in this feature space. Our results suggest that test error can be improved by training on perceptually similar augmentations, and data augmentations may not generalize well beyond the existing benchmark. We hope our results and tools will allow for more robust progress towards improving robustness to image corruptions.      
### 2.Style and Pose Control for Image Synthesis of Humans from a Single Monocular View  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11263.pdf)
>  Photo-realistic re-rendering of a human from a single image with explicit control over body pose, shape and appearance enables a wide range of applications, such as human appearance transfer, virtual try-on, motion imitation, and novel view synthesis. While significant progress has been made in this direction using learning-based image generation tools, such as GANs, existing approaches yield noticeable artefacts such as blurring of fine details, unrealistic distortions of the body parts and garments as well as severe changes of the textures. We, therefore, propose a new method for synthesising photo-realistic human images with explicit control over pose and part-based appearance, i.e., StylePoseGAN, where we extend a non-controllable generator to accept conditioning of pose and appearance separately. Our network can be trained in a fully supervised way with human images to disentangle pose, appearance and body parts, and it significantly outperforms existing single image re-rendering methods. Our disentangled representation opens up further applications such as garment transfer, motion transfer, virtual try-on, head (identity) swap and appearance interpolation. StylePoseGAN achieves state-of-the-art image generation fidelity on common perceptual metrics compared to the current best-performing methods and convinces in a comprehensive user study.      
### 3.Adversarial Shape Learning for Building Extraction in VHR Remote Sensing Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11262.pdf)
>  Building extraction in VHR RSIs remains to be a challenging task due to occlusion and boundary ambiguity problems. Although conventional convolutional neural networks (CNNs) based methods are capable of exploiting local texture and context information, they fail to capture the shape patterns of buildings, which is a necessary constraint in the human recognition. In this context, we propose an adversarial shape learning network (ASLNet) to model the building shape patterns, thus improving the accuracy of building segmentation. In the proposed ASLNet, we introduce the adversarial learning strategy to explicitly model the shape constraints, as well as a CNN shape regularizer to strengthen the embedding of shape features. To assess the geometric accuracy of building segmentation results, we further introduced several object-based assessment metrics. Experiments on two open benchmark datasets show that the proposed ASLNet improves both the pixel-based accuracy and the object-based measurements by a large margin. The code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ggsDing/ASLNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 4.Image Captioning using Deep Stacked LSTMs, Contextual Word Embeddings and Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11237.pdf)
>  Image Captioning, or the automatic generation of descriptions for images, is one of the core problems in Computer Vision and has seen considerable progress using Deep Learning Techniques. We propose to use Inception-ResNet Convolutional Neural Network as encoder to extract features from images, Hierarchical Context based Word Embeddings for word representations and a Deep Stacked Long Short Term Memory network as decoder, in addition to using Image Data Augmentation to avoid over-fitting. For data Augmentation, we use Horizontal and Vertical Flipping in addition to Perspective Transformations on the images. We evaluate our proposed methods with two image captioning frameworks- Encoder-Decoder and Soft Attention. Evaluation on widely used metrics have shown that our approach leads to considerable improvement in model performance.      
### 5.Subspace-Based Feature Fusion From Hyperspectral And Multispectral Image For Land Cover Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11228.pdf)
>  In remote sensing, hyperspectral (HS) and multispectral (MS) image fusion have emerged as a synthesis tool to improve the data set resolution. However, conventional image fusion methods typically degrade the performance of the land cover classification. In this paper, a feature fusion method from HS and MS images for pixel-based classification is proposed. More precisely, the proposed method first extracts spatial features from the MS image using morphological profiles. Then, the feature fusion model assumes that both the extracted morphological profiles and the HS image can be described as a feature matrix lying in different subspaces. An algorithm based on combining alternating optimization (AO) and the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) is developed to solve efficiently the feature fusion problem. Finally, extensive simulations were run to evaluate the performance of the proposed feature fusion approach for two data sets. In general, the proposed approach exhibits a competitive performance compared to other feature extraction methods.      
### 6.Generator Surgery for Compressed Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11163.pdf)
>  Image recovery from compressive measurements requires a signal prior for the images being reconstructed. Recent work has explored the use of deep generative models with low latent dimension as signal priors for such problems. However, their recovery performance is limited by high representation error. We introduce a method for achieving low representation error using generators as signal priors. Using a pre-trained generator, we remove one or more initial blocks at test time and optimize over the new, higher-dimensional latent space to recover a target image. Experiments demonstrate significantly improved reconstruction quality for a variety of network architectures. This approach also works well for out-of-training-distribution images and is competitive with other state-of-the-art methods. Our experiments show that test-time architectural modifications can greatly improve the recovery quality of generator signal priors for compressed sensing.      
### 7.Phase Space Reconstruction Network for Lane Intrusion Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11149.pdf)
>  In a complex road traffic scene, illegal lane intrusion of pedestrians or cyclists constitutes one of the main safety challenges in autonomous driving application. In this paper, we propose a novel object-level phase space reconstruction network (PSRNet) for motion time series classification, aiming to recognize lane intrusion actions that occur 150m ahead through a monocular camera fixed on moving vehicle. In the PSRNet, the movement of pedestrians and cyclists, specifically viewed as an observable object-level dynamic process, can be reconstructed as trajectories of state vectors in a latent phase space and further characterized by a learnable Lyapunov exponent-like classifier that indicates discrimination in terms of average exponential divergence of state trajectories. Additionally, in order to first transform video inputs into one-dimensional motion time series of each object, a lane width normalization based on visual object tracking-by-detection is presented. Extensive experiments are conducted on the THU-IntrudBehavior dataset collected from real urban roads. The results show that our PSRNet could reach the best accuracy of 98.0%, which remarkably exceeds existing action recognition approaches by more than 30%.      
### 8.Wider Vision: Enriching Convolutional Neural Networks via Alignment to External Knowledge Bases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11132.pdf)
>  Deep learning models suffer from opaqueness. For Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), current research strategies for explaining models focus on the target classes within the associated training dataset. As a result, the understanding of hidden feature map activations is limited by the discriminative knowledge gleaned during training. The aim of our work is to explain and expand CNNs models via the mirroring or alignment of CNN to an external knowledge base. This will allow us to give a semantic context or label for each visual feature. We can match CNN feature activations to nodes in our external knowledge base. This supports knowledge-based interpretation of the features associated with model decisions. To demonstrate our approach, we build two separate graphs. We use an entity alignment method to align the feature nodes in a CNN with the nodes in a ConceptNet based knowledge graph. We then measure the proximity of CNN graph nodes to semantically meaningful knowledge base nodes. Our results show that in the aligned embedding space, nodes from the knowledge graph are close to the CNN feature nodes that have similar meanings, indicating that nodes from an external knowledge base can act as explanatory semantic references for features in the model. We analyse a variety of graph building methods in order to improve the results from our embedding space. We further demonstrate that by using hierarchical relationships from our external knowledge base, we can locate new unseen classes outside the CNN training set in our embeddings space, based on visual feature activations. This suggests that we can adapt our approach to identify unseen classes based on CNN feature activations. Our demonstrated approach of aligning a CNN with an external knowledge base paves the way to reason about and beyond the trained model, with future adaptations to explainable models and zero-shot learning.      
### 9.Deepfake Video Detection Using Convolutional Vision Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11126.pdf)
>  The rapid advancement of deep learning models that can generate and synthesis hyper-realistic videos known as Deepfakes and their ease of access to the general public have raised concern from all concerned bodies to their possible malicious intent use. Deep learning techniques can now generate faces, swap faces between two subjects in a video, alter facial expressions, change gender, and alter facial features, to list a few. These powerful video manipulation methods have potential use in many fields. However, they also pose a looming threat to everyone if used for harmful purposes such as identity theft, phishing, and scam. In this work, we propose a Convolutional Vision Transformer for the detection of Deepfakes. The Convolutional Vision Transformer has two components: Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Vision Transformer (ViT). The CNN extracts learnable features while the ViT takes in the learned features as input and categorizes them using an attention mechanism. We trained our model on the DeepFake Detection Challenge Dataset (DFDC) and have achieved 91.5 percent accuracy, an AUC value of 0.91, and a loss value of 0.32. Our contribution is that we have added a CNN module to the ViT architecture and have achieved a competitive result on the DFDC dataset.      
### 10.Direct Estimation of Appearance Models for Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11121.pdf)
>  Image segmentation algorithms often depend on appearance models that characterize the distribution of pixel values in different image regions. We describe a novel approach for estimating appearance models directly from an image, without explicit consideration of the pixels that make up each region. Our approach is based on algebraic expressions that relate local image statistics to the appearance models of spatially coherent regions. We describe two algorithms that can use the aforementioned algebraic expressions for estimating appearance models. The first algorithm is based on solving a system of linear and quadratic equations. The second algorithm is a spectral method based on an eigenvector computation. We present experimental results that demonstrate the proposed methods work well in practice and lead to effective image segmentation algorithms.      
### 11.Hierarchical Cell-to-Tissue Graph Representations for Breast Cancer Subtyping in Digital Pathology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11057.pdf)
>  Cancer diagnosis and prognosis for a tissue specimen are heavily influenced by the phenotype and topological distribution of the constituting histological entities. Thus, adequate tissue representation by encoding the histological entities, and quantifying the relationship between the tissue representation and tissue functionality is imperative for computer aided cancer patient care. To this end, several approaches have leveraged cell-graphs, that encode cell morphology and organization, to denote the tissue information, and utilize graph theory and machine learning to map the representation to tissue functionality. Though cellular information is crucial, it is incomplete to comprehensively characterize the tissue. Therefore, we consider a tissue as a hierarchical composition of multiple types of histological entities from fine to coarse level, that depicts multivariate tissue information at multiple levels. We propose a novel hierarchical entity-graph representation to depict a tissue specimen, which encodes multiple pathologically relevant entity types, intra- and inter-level entity-to-entity interactions. Subsequently, a hierarchical graph neural network is proposed to operate on the entity-graph representation to map the tissue structure to tissue functionality. Specifically, we utilize cells and tissue regions in a tissue to build a HierArchical Cell-to-Tissue (HACT) graph representation, and HACT-Net, a graph neural network, to classify histology images. As part of this work, we propose the BReAst Carcinoma Subtyping (BRACS) dataset, a large cohort of Haematoxylin &amp; Eosin stained breast tumor regions-of-interest, to evaluate and benchmark our proposed methodology against pathologists and state-of-the-art computer-aided diagnostic approaches. Thorough comparative assessment and ablation studies demonstrated the superior classification efficacy of the proposed methodology.      
### 12.Explainers in the Wild: Making Surrogate Explainers Robust to Distortions through Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10951.pdf)
>  Explaining the decisions of models is becoming pervasive in the image processing domain, whether it is by using post-hoc methods or by creating inherently interpretable models. While the widespread use of surrogate explainers is a welcome addition to inspect and understand black-box models, assessing the robustness and reliability of the explanations is key for their success. Additionally, whilst existing work in the explainability field proposes various strategies to address this problem, the challenges of working with data in the wild is often overlooked. For instance, in image classification, distortions to images can not only affect the predictions assigned by the model, but also the explanation. Given a clean and a distorted version of an image, even if the prediction probabilities are similar, the explanation may still be different. In this paper we propose a methodology to evaluate the effect of distortions in explanations by embedding perceptual distances that tailor the neighbourhoods used to training surrogate explainers. We also show that by operating in this way, we can make the explanations more robust to distortions. We generate explanations for images in the Imagenet-C dataset and demonstrate how using a perceptual distances in the surrogate explainer creates more coherent explanations for the distorted and reference images.      
### 13.Semantically Meaningful Class Prototype Learning for One-Shot Image Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10935.pdf)
>  One-shot semantic image segmentation aims to segment the object regions for the novel class with only one annotated image. Recent works adopt the episodic training strategy to mimic the expected situation at testing time. However, these existing approaches simulate the test conditions too strictly during the training process, and thus cannot make full use of the given label information. Besides, these approaches mainly focus on the foreground-background target class segmentation setting. They only utilize binary mask labels for training. In this paper, we propose to leverage the multi-class label information during the episodic training. It will encourage the network to generate more semantically meaningful features for each category. After integrating the target class cues into the query features, we then propose a pyramid feature fusion module to mine the fused features for the final classifier. Furthermore, to take more advantage of the support image-mask pair, we propose a self-prototype guidance branch to support image segmentation. It can constrain the network for generating more compact features and a robust prototype for each semantic class. For inference, we propose a fused prototype guidance branch for the segmentation of the query image. Specifically, we leverage the prediction of the query image to extract the pseudo-prototype and combine it with the initial prototype. Then we utilize the fused prototype to guide the final segmentation of the query image. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of our proposed approach.      
### 14.Deep Learning for Robust Motion Segmentation with Non-Static Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10929.pdf)
>  This work proposes a new end-to-end DCNN based approach for motion segmentation, especially for video sequences captured with such non-static cameras, called MOSNET. While other approaches focus on spatial or temporal context only, the proposed approach uses 3D convolutions as a key technology to factor in, spatio-temporal features in cohesive video frames. This is done by capturing temporal information in features with a low and also with a high level of abstraction. The lean network architecture with about 21k trainable parameters is mainly based on a pre-trained VGG-16 network. The MOSNET uses a new feature map fusion technique, which enables the network to focus on the appropriate level of abstraction, resolution, and the appropriate size of the receptive field regarding the input. Furthermore, the end-to-end deep learning based approach can be extended by feature based image alignment as a pre-processing step, which brings a gain in performance for some scenes. Evaluating the end-to-end deep learning based MOSNET network in a scene independent manner leads to an overall F-measure of 0.803 on the CDNet2014 dataset. A small temporal window of five input frames, without the need of any initialization is used to obtain this result. Therefore the network is able to perform well on scenes captured with non-static cameras where the image content changes significantly during the scene. In order to get robust results in scenes captured with a moving camera, feature based image alignment can implemented as pre-processing step. The MOSNET combined with pre-processing leads to an F-measure of 0.685 when cross-evaluating with a relabeled LASIESTA dataset, which underpins the capability generalise of the MOSNET.      
### 15.Escaping Poor Local Minima in Large Scale Robust Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10928.pdf)
>  Robust parameter estimation is a crucial task in several 3D computer vision pipelines such as Structure from Motion (SfM). State-of-the-art algorithms for robust estimation, however, still suffer from difficulties in converging to satisfactory solutions due to the presence of many poor local minima or flat regions in the optimization landscapes. In this paper, we introduce two novel approaches for robust parameter estimation. The first algorithm utilizes the Filter Method (FM), which is a framework for constrained optimization allowing great flexibility in algorithmic choices, to derive an adaptive kernel scaling strategy that enjoys a strong ability to escape poor minima and achieves fast convergence rates. Our second algorithm combines a generalized Majorization Minimization (GeMM) framework with the half-quadratic lifting formulation to obtain a simple yet efficient solver for robust estimation. We empirically show that both proposed approaches show encouraging capability on avoiding poor local minima and achieve competitive results compared to existing state-of-the art robust fitting algorithms.      
### 16.Approximation of dilation-based spatial relations to add structural constraints in neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10923.pdf)
>  Spatial relations between objects in an image have proved useful for structural object recognition. Structural constraints can act as regularization in neural network training, improving generalization capability with small datasets. Several relations can be modeled as a morphological dilation of a reference object with a structuring element representing the semantics of the relation, from which the degree of satisfaction of the relation between another object and the reference object can be derived. However, dilation is not differentiable, requiring an approximation to be used in the context of gradient-descent training of a network. We propose to approximate dilations using convolutions based on a kernel equal to the structuring element. We show that the proposed approximation, even if slightly less accurate than previous approximations, is definitely faster to compute and therefore more suitable for computationally intensive neural network applications.      
### 17.Interpretative Computer-aided Lung Cancer Diagnosis: from Radiology Analysis to Malignancy Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10919.pdf)
>  Background and Objective:Computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) systems promote diagnosis effectiveness and alleviate pressure of radiologists. A CAD system for lung cancer diagnosis includes nodule candidate detection and nodule malignancy evaluation. Recently, deep learning-based pulmonary nodule detection has reached satisfactory performance ready for clinical application. However, deep learning-based nodule malignancy evaluation depends on heuristic inference from low-dose computed tomography volume to malignant probability, which lacks clinical cognition. Methods:In this paper, we propose a joint radiology analysis and malignancy evaluation network (R2MNet) to evaluate the pulmonary nodule malignancy via radiology characteristics analysis. Radiological features are extracted as channel descriptor to highlight specific regions of the input volume that are critical for nodule malignancy evaluation. In addition, for model explanations, we propose channel-dependent activation mapping to visualize the features and shed light on the decision process of deep neural network. Results:Experimental results on the LIDC-IDRI dataset demonstrate that the proposed method achieved area under curve of 96.27% on nodule radiology analysis and AUC of 97.52% on nodule malignancy evaluation. In addition, explanations of CDAM features proved that the shape and density of nodule regions were two critical factors that influence a nodule to be inferred as malignant, which conforms with the diagnosis cognition of experienced radiologists. Conclusion:Incorporating radiology analysis with nodule malignant evaluation, the network inference process conforms to the diagnostic procedure of radiologists and increases the confidence of evaluation results. Besides, model interpretation with CDAM features shed light on the regions which DNNs focus on when they estimate nodule malignancy probabilities.      
### 18.CSTR: A Classification Perspective on Scene Text Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10884.pdf)
>  The prevalent perspectives of scene text recognition are from sequence to sequence (seq2seq) and segmentation. In this paper, we propose a new perspective on scene text recognition, in which we model the scene text recognition as an image classification problem. Based on the image classification perspective, a scene text recognition model is proposed, which is named as CSTR. <br>The CSTR model consists of a series of convolutional layers and a global average pooling layer at the end, followed by independent multi-class classification heads, each of which predicts the corresponding character of the word sequence in input image. The CSTR model is easy to train using parallel cross entropy losses. <br>CSTR is as simple as image classification models like ResNet \cite{he2016deep} which makes it easy to implement, and the fully convolutional neural network architecture makes it efficient to train and deploy. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the classification perspective on scene text recognition with thorough experiments. Futhermore, CSTR achieves nearly state-of-the-art performance on six public benchmarks including regular text, irregular text. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Media-Smart/vedastr" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Do We Really Need Explicit Position Encodings for Vision Transformers?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10882.pdf)
>  Almost all visual transformers such as ViT or DeiT rely on predefined positional encodings to incorporate the order of each input token. These encodings are often implemented as learnable fixed-dimension vectors or sinusoidal functions of different frequencies, which are not possible to accommodate variable-length input sequences. This inevitably limits a wider application of transformers in vision, where many tasks require changing the input size on-the-fly. <br>In this paper, we propose to employ a conditional position encoding scheme, which is conditioned on the local neighborhood of the input token. It is effortlessly implemented as what we call Position Encoding Generator (PEG), which can be seamlessly incorporated into the current transformer framework. Our new model with PEG is named Conditional Position encoding Visual Transformer (CPVT) and can naturally process the input sequences of arbitrary length. We demonstrate that CPVT can result in visually similar attention maps and even better performance than those with predefined positional encodings. We obtain state-of-the-art results on the ImageNet classification task compared with visual Transformers to date. Our code will be made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Meituan-AutoML/CPVT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 20.Contour Loss for Instance Segmentation via k-step Distance Transformation Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10854.pdf)
>  Instance segmentation aims to locate targets in the image and segment each target area at pixel level, which is one of the most important tasks in computer vision. Mask R-CNN is a classic method of instance segmentation, but we find that its predicted masks are unclear and inaccurate near contours. To cope with this problem, we draw on the idea of contour matching based on distance transformation image and propose a novel loss function, called contour loss. Contour loss is designed to specifically optimize the contour parts of the predicted masks, thus can assure more accurate instance segmentation. In order to make the proposed contour loss to be jointly trained under modern neural network frameworks, we design a differentiable k-step distance transformation image calculation module, which can approximately compute truncated distance transformation images of the predicted mask and corresponding ground-truth mask online. The proposed contour loss can be integrated into existing instance segmentation methods such as Mask R-CNN, and combined with their original loss functions without modification of the inference network structures, thus has strong versatility. Experimental results on COCO show that contour loss is effective, which can further improve instance segmentation performances.      
### 21.SALT: A Semi-automatic Labeling Tool for RGB-D Video Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10820.pdf)
>  Large labeled data sets are one of the essential basics of modern deep learning techniques. Therefore, there is an increasing need for tools that allow to label large amounts of data as intuitively as possible. In this paper, we introduce SALT, a tool to semi-automatically annotate RGB-D video sequences to generate 3D bounding boxes for full six Degrees of Freedom (DoF) object poses, as well as pixel-level instance segmentation masks for both RGB and depth. Besides bounding box propagation through various interpolation techniques, as well as algorithmically guided instance segmentation, our pipeline also provides built-in pre-processing functionalities to facilitate the data set creation process. By making full use of SALT, annotation time can be reduced by a factor of up to 33.95 for bounding box creation and 8.55 for RGB segmentation without compromising the quality of the automatically generated ground truth.      
### 22.Person Re-identification based on Robust Features in Open-world  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10798.pdf)
>  Deep learning technology promotes the rapid development of person re-identifica-tion (re-ID). However, some challenges are still existing in the open-world. First, the existing re-ID research usually assumes only one factor variable (view, clothing, pedestrian pose, pedestrian occlusion, image resolution, RGB/IR modality) changing, ignoring the complexity of multi-factor variables in the open-world. Second, the existing re-ID methods are over depend on clothing color and other apparent features of pedestrian, which are easily disguised or changed. In addition, the lack of benchmark datasets containing multi-factor variables is also hindering the practically application of re-ID in the open-world. In this paper, we propose a low-cost and high-efficiency method to solve shortcomings of the existing re-ID research, such as unreliable feature selection, low efficiency of feature extraction, single research variable, etc. Our approach based on pose estimation model improved by group convolution to obtain the continuous key points of pedestrian, and utilize dynamic time warping (DTW) to measure the similarity of features between different pedestrians. At the same time, to verify the effectiveness of our method, we provide a miniature dataset which is closer to the real world and includes pedestrian changing clothes and cross-modality factor variables fusion. Extensive experiments are conducted and the results show that our method achieves Rank-1: 60.9%, Rank-5: 78.1%, and mAP: 49.2% on this dataset, which exceeds most existing state-of-art re-ID models.      
### 23.Decoupled and Memory-Reinforced Networks: Towards Effective Feature Learning for One-Step Person Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10795.pdf)
>  The goal of person search is to localize and match query persons from scene images. For high efficiency, one-step methods have been developed to jointly handle the pedestrian detection and identification sub-tasks using a single network. There are two major challenges in the current one-step approaches. One is the mutual interference between the optimization objectives of multiple sub-tasks. The other is the sub-optimal identification feature learning caused by small batch size when end-to-end training. To overcome these problems, we propose a decoupled and memory-reinforced network (DMRNet). Specifically, to reconcile the conflicts of multiple objectives, we simplify the standard tightly coupled pipelines and establish a deeply decoupled multi-task learning framework. Further, we build a memory-reinforced mechanism to boost the identification feature learning. By queuing the identification features of recently accessed instances into a memory bank, the mechanism augments the similarity pair construction for pairwise metric learning. For better encoding consistency of the stored features, a slow-moving average of the network is applied for extracting these features. In this way, the dual networks reinforce each other and converge to robust solution states. Experimentally, the proposed method obtains 93.2% and 46.9% mAP on CUHK-SYSU and PRW datasets, which exceeds all the existing one-step methods.      
### 24.Attention Models for Point Clouds in Deep Learning: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10788.pdf)
>  Recently, the advancement of 3D point clouds in deep learning has attracted intensive research in different application domains such as computer vision and robotic tasks. However, creating feature representation of robust, discriminative from unordered and irregular point clouds is challenging. In this paper, our ultimate goal is to provide a comprehensive overview of the point clouds feature representation which uses attention models. More than 75+ key contributions in the recent three years are summarized in this survey, including the 3D objective detection, 3D semantic segmentation, 3D pose estimation, point clouds completion etc. We provide a detailed characterization (1) the role of attention mechanisms, (2) the usability of attention models into different tasks, (3) the development trend of key technology.      
### 25.PCB-Fire: Automated Classification and Fault Detection in PCB  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10777.pdf)
>  Printed Circuit Boards are the foundation for the functioning of any electronic device, and therefore are an essential component for various industries such as automobile, communication, computation, etc. However, one of the challenges faced by the PCB manufacturers in the process of manufacturing of the PCBs is the faulty placement of its components including missing components. In the present scenario the infrastructure required to ensure adequate quality of the PCB requires a lot of time and effort. The authors present a novel solution for detecting missing components and classifying them in a resourceful manner. The presented algorithm focuses on pixel theory and object detection, which has been used in combination to optimize the results from the given dataset.      
### 26.Transformer is All You Need: Multimodal Multitask Learning with a Unified Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10772.pdf)
>  We propose UniT, a Unified Transformer model to simultaneously learn the most prominent tasks across different domains, ranging from object detection to language understanding and multimodal reasoning. Based on the transformer encoder-decoder architecture, our UniT model encodes each input modality with an encoder and makes predictions on each task with a shared decoder over the encoded input representations, followed by task-specific output heads. The entire model is jointly trained end-to-end with losses from each task. Compared to previous efforts on multi-task learning with transformers, we share the same model parameters to all tasks instead of separately fine-tuning task-specific models and handle a much higher variety of tasks across different domains. In our experiments, we learn 7 tasks jointly over 8 datasets, achieving comparable performance to well-established prior work on each domain under the same supervision with a compact set of model parameters. Code will be released in MMF at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://mmf.sh" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 27.Post-hoc Overall Survival Time Prediction from Brain MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10765.pdf)
>  Overall survival (OS) time prediction is one of the most common estimates of the prognosis of gliomas and is used to design an appropriate treatment planning. State-of-the-art (SOTA) methods for OS time prediction follow a pre-hoc approach that require computing the segmentation map of the glioma tumor sub-regions (necrotic, edema tumor, enhancing tumor) for estimating OS time. However, the training of the segmentation methods require ground truth segmentation labels which are tedious and expensive to obtain. Given that most of the large-scale data sets available from hospitals are unlikely to contain such precise segmentation, those SOTA methods have limited applicability. In this paper, we introduce a new post-hoc method for OS time prediction that does not require segmentation map annotation for training. Our model uses medical image and patient demographics (represented by age) as inputs to estimate the OS time and to estimate a saliency map that localizes the tumor as a way to explain the OS time prediction in a post-hoc manner. It is worth emphasizing that although our model can localize tumors, it uses only the ground truth OS time as training signal, i.e., no segmentation labels are needed. We evaluate our post-hoc method on the Multimodal Brain Tumor Segmentation Challenge (BraTS) 2019 data set and show that it achieves competitive results compared to pre-hoc methods with the advantage of not requiring segmentation labels for training.      
### 28.MetaDelta: A Meta-Learning System for Few-shot Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10744.pdf)
>  Meta-learning aims at learning quickly on novel tasks with limited data by transferring generic experience learned from previous tasks. Naturally, few-shot learning has been one of the most popular applications for meta-learning. However, existing meta-learning algorithms rarely consider the time and resource efficiency or the generalization capacity for unknown datasets, which limits their applicability in real-world scenarios. In this paper, we propose MetaDelta, a novel practical meta-learning system for the few-shot image classification. MetaDelta consists of two core components: i) multiple meta-learners supervised by a central controller to ensure efficiency, and ii) a meta-ensemble module in charge of integrated inference and better generalization. In particular, each meta-learner in MetaDelta is composed of a unique pretrained encoder fine-tuned by batch training and parameter-free decoder used for prediction. MetaDelta ranks first in the final phase in the AAAI 2021 MetaDL Challenge\footnote{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://competitions.codalab.org/competitions/26638" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}, demonstrating the advantages of our proposed system. The codes are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Frozenmad/MetaDelta" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.Three dimensional unique identifier based automated georeferencing and coregistration of point clouds in underground environment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10731.pdf)
>  Spatially and geometrically accurate laser scans are essential in modelling infrastructure for applications in civil, mining and transportation. Monitoring of underground or indoor environments such as mines or tunnels is challenging due to unavailability of a sensor positioning framework, complicated structurally symmetric layouts, repetitive features and occlusions. Current practices largely include a manual selection of discernable reference points for georeferencing and coregistration purpose. This study aims at overcoming these practical challenges in underground or indoor laser scanning. The developed approach involves automatically and uniquely identifiable three dimensional unique identifiers (3DUIDs) in laser scans, and a 3D registration (3DReG) workflow. Field testing of the method in an underground tunnel has been found accurate, effective and efficient. Additionally, a method for automatically extracting roadway tunnel profile has been exhibited. The developed 3DUID can be used in roadway profile extraction, guided automation, sensor calibration, reference targets for routine survey and deformation monitoring.      
### 30.Probabilistic Vehicle Reconstruction Using a Multi-Task CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10681.pdf)
>  The retrieval of the 3D pose and shape of objects from images is an ill-posed problem. A common way to object reconstruction is to match entities such as keypoints, edges, or contours of a deformable 3D model, used as shape prior, to their corresponding entities inferred from the image. However, such approaches are highly sensitive to model initialisation, imprecise keypoint localisations and/or illumination conditions. In this paper, we present a probabilistic approach for shape-aware 3D vehicle reconstruction from stereo images that leverages the outputs of a novel multi-task CNN. Specifically, we train a CNN that outputs probability distributions for the vehicle's orientation and for both, vehicle keypoints and wireframe edges. Together with 3D stereo information we integrate the predicted distributions into a common probabilistic framework. We believe that the CNN-based detection of wireframe edges reduces the sensitivity to illumination conditions and object contrast and that using the raw probability maps instead of inferring keypoint positions reduces the sensitivity to keypoint localisation errors. We show that our method achieves state-of-the-art results, evaluating our method on the challenging KITTI benchmark and on our own new 'Stereo-Vehicle' dataset.      
### 31.Transferable Visual Words: Exploiting the Semantics of Anatomical Patterns for Self-supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10680.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a new concept called "transferable visual words" (TransVW), aiming to achieve annotation efficiency for deep learning in medical image analysis. Medical imaging--focusing on particular parts of the body for defined clinical purposes--generates images of great similarity in anatomy across patients and yields sophisticated anatomical patterns across images, which are associated with rich semantics about human anatomy and which are natural visual words. We show that these visual words can be automatically harvested according to anatomical consistency via self-discovery, and that the self-discovered visual words can serve as strong yet free supervision signals for deep models to learn semantics-enriched generic image representation via self-supervision (self-classification and self-restoration). Our extensive experiments demonstrate the annotation efficiency of TransVW by offering higher performance and faster convergence with reduced annotation cost in several applications. Our TransVW has several important advantages, including (1) TransVW is a fully autodidactic scheme, which exploits the semantics of visual words for self-supervised learning, requiring no expert annotation; (2) visual word learning is an add-on strategy, which complements existing self-supervised methods, boosting their performance; and (3) the learned image representation is semantics-enriched models, which have proven to be more robust and generalizable, saving annotation efforts for a variety of applications through transfer learning. Our code, pre-trained models, and curated visual words are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JLiangLab/TransVW" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.MedAug: Contrastive learning leveraging patient metadata improves representations for chest X-ray interpretation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10663.pdf)
>  Self-supervised contrastive learning between pairs of multiple views of the same image has been shown to successfully leverage unlabeled data to produce meaningful visual representations for both natural and medical images. However, there has been limited work on determining how to select pairs for medical images, where availability of patient metadata can be leveraged to improve representations. In this work, we develop a method to select positive pairs coming from views of possibly different images through the use of patient metadata. We compare strategies for selecting positive pairs for chest X-ray interpretation including requiring them to be from the same patient, imaging study or laterality. We evaluate downstream task performance by fine-tuning the linear layer on 1% of the labeled dataset for pleural effusion classification. Our best performing positive pair selection strategy, which involves using images from the same patient from the same study across all lateralities, achieves a performance increase of 3.4% and 14.4% in mean AUC from both a previous contrastive method and ImageNet pretrained baseline respectively. Our controlled experiments show that the keys to improving downstream performance on disease classification are (1) using patient metadata to appropriately create positive pairs from different images with the same underlying pathologies, and (2) maximizing the number of different images used in query pairing. In addition, we explore leveraging patient metadata to select hard negative pairs for contrastive learning, but do not find improvement over baselines that do not use metadata. Our method is broadly applicable to medical image interpretation and allows flexibility for incorporating medical insights in choosing pairs for contrastive learning.      
### 33.Medical Transformer: Gated Axial-Attention for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10662.pdf)
>  Over the past decade, Deep Convolutional Neural Networks have been widely adopted for medical image segmentation and shown to achieve adequate performance. However, due to the inherent inductive biases present in the convolutional architectures, they lack understanding of long-range dependencies in the image. Recently proposed Transformer-based architectures that leverage self-attention mechanism encode long-range dependencies and learn representations that are highly expressive. This motivates us to explore Transformer-based solutions and study the feasibility of using Transformer-based network architectures for medical image segmentation tasks. Majority of existing Transformer-based network architectures proposed for vision applications require large-scale datasets to train properly. However, compared to the datasets for vision applications, for medical imaging the number of data samples is relatively low, making it difficult to efficiently train transformers for medical applications. To this end, we propose a Gated Axial-Attention model which extends the existing architectures by introducing an additional control mechanism in the self-attention module. Furthermore, to train the model effectively on medical images, we propose a Local-Global training strategy (LoGo) which further improves the performance. Specifically, we operate on the whole image and patches to learn global and local features, respectively. The proposed Medical Transformer (MedT) is evaluated on three different medical image segmentation datasets and it is shown that it achieves better performance than the convolutional and other related transformer-based architectures. Code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jeya-maria-jose/Medical-Transformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 34.Training custom modality-specific U-Net models with weak localizations for improved Tuberculosis segmentation and localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10607.pdf)
>  UNet segmentation models have demonstrated superior performance compared to conventional handcrafted features. Modality specific DL models are better at transferring domain knowledge to a relevant target task than those that are pretrained on stock photography images. Using them helps improve model adaptation, generalization, and class-specific region of interest localization. In this study, we train custom chest X ray modality specific UNet models for semantic segmentation of Tuberculosis (TB) consistent findings. Automated segmentation of such manifestations could help radiologists reduce errors following initial interpretation and before finalizing the report. This could improve radiologist accuracy by supplementing decision making while improving patient care and productivity. Our approach uses a comprehensive strategy that first uses publicly available chest X ray datasets with weak TB annotations, typically provided as bounding boxes, to train a set of UNet models. Next, we improve the results of the best performing model using an augmented training strategy on data with weak localizations from the outputs of a selection of DL classifiers that are trained to produce a binary decision ROI mask for suspected TB manifestations. The augmentation aims to improve performance with test data derived from the same training distribution and other cross institutional collections. We observe that compared to non augmented training our augmented training strategy helped the custom modality specific UNet models achieve superior performance with test data that is both similar to the training distribution as well as for cross institutional test sets.      
### 35.Efficient Two-Stream Network for Violence Detection Using Separable Convolutional LSTM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10590.pdf)
>  Automatically detecting violence from surveillance footage is a subset of activity recognition that deserves special attention because of its wide applicability in unmanned security monitoring systems, internet video filtration, etc. In this work, we propose an efficient two-stream deep learning architecture leveraging Separable Convolutional LSTM (SepConvLSTM) and pre-trained MobileNet where one stream takes in background suppressed frames as inputs and other stream processes difference of adjacent frames. We employed simple and fast input pre-processing techniques that highlight the moving objects in the frames by suppressing non-moving backgrounds and capture the motion in-between frames. As violent actions are mostly characterized by body movements these inputs help produce discriminative features. SepConvLSTM is constructed by replacing convolution operation at each gate of ConvLSTM with a depthwise separable convolution that enables producing robust long-range Spatio-temporal features while using substantially fewer parameters. We experimented with three fusion methods to combine the output feature maps of the two streams. Evaluation of the proposed methods was done on three standard public datasets. Our model outperforms the accuracy on the larger and more challenging RWF-2000 dataset by more than a 2% margin while matching state-of-the-art results on the smaller datasets. Our experiments lead us to conclude, the proposed models are superior in terms of both computational efficiency and detection accuracy.      
### 36.Learning Compositional Representation for Few-shot Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10575.pdf)
>  Current methods of Visual Question Answering perform well on the answers with an amount of training data but have limited accuracy on the novel ones with few examples. However, humans can quickly adapt to these new categories with just a few glimpses, as they learn to organize the concepts that have been seen before to figure the novel class, which are hardly explored by the deep learning methods. Therefore, in this paper, we propose to extract the attributes from the answers with enough data, which are later composed to constrain the learning of the few-shot ones. We generate the few-shot dataset of VQA with a variety of answers and their attributes without any human effort. With this dataset, we build our attribute network to disentangle the attributes by learning their features from parts of the image instead of the whole one. Experimental results on the VQA v2.0 validation dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed attribute network and the constraint between answers and their corresponding attributes, as well as the ability of our method to handle the answers with few training examples.      
### 37.Contrastive Self-supervised Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10557.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel cell-based neural architecture search algorithm (NAS), which completely alleviates the expensive costs of data labeling inherited from supervised learning. Our algorithm capitalizes on the effectiveness of self-supervised learning for image representations, which is an increasingly crucial topic of computer vision. First, using only a small amount of unlabeled train data under contrastive self-supervised learning allow us to search on a more extensive search space, discovering better neural architectures without surging the computational resources. Second, we entirely relieve the cost for labeled data (by contrastive loss) in the search stage without compromising architectures' final performance in the evaluation phase. Finally, we tackle the inherent discrete search space of the NAS problem by sequential model-based optimization via the tree-parzen estimator (SMBO-TPE), enabling us to reduce the computational expense response surface significantly. An extensive number of experiments empirically show that our search algorithm can achieve state-of-the-art results with better efficiency in data labeling cost, searching time, and accuracy in final validation.      
### 38.Improving Action Quality Assessment using ResNets and Weighted Aggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10555.pdf)
>  Action quality assessment (AQA) aims at automatically judging human action based on a video of the said action and assigning a performance score to it. The majority of works in the existing literature on AQA transform RGB videos to higher-level representations using C3D networks. These higher-level representations are used to perform action quality assessment. Due to the relatively shallow nature of C3D, the quality of extracted features is lower than what could be extracted using a deeper convolutional neural network. In this paper, we experiment with deeper convolutional neural networks with residual connections for learning representations for action quality assessment. We assess the effects of the depth and the input clip size of the convolutional neural network on the quality of action score predictions. We also look at the effect of using (2+1)D convolutions instead of 3D convolutions for feature extraction. We find that the current clip level feature representation aggregation technique of averaging is insufficient to capture the relative importance of features. To overcome this, we propose a learning-based weighted-averaging technique that can perform better. We achieve a new state-of-the-art Spearman's rank correlation of 0.9315 (an increase of 0.45%) on the MTL-AQA dataset using a 34 layer (2+1)D convolutional neural network with the capability of processing 32 frame clips, using our proposed aggregation technique.      
### 39.A Comprehensive Review of Computer-aided Whole-slide Image Analysis: from Datasets to Feature Extraction, Segmentation, Classification, and Detection Approaches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10553.pdf)
>  With the development of computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) and image scanning technology, Whole-slide Image (WSI) scanners are widely used in the field of pathological diagnosis. Therefore, WSI analysis has become the key to modern digital pathology. Since 2004, WSI has been used more and more in CAD. Since machine vision methods are usually based on semi-automatic or fully automatic computers, they are highly efficient and labor-saving. The combination of WSI and CAD technologies for segmentation, classification, and detection helps histopathologists obtain more stable and quantitative analysis results, save labor costs and improve diagnosis objectivity. This paper reviews the methods of WSI analysis based on machine learning. Firstly, the development status of WSI and CAD methods are introduced. Secondly, we discuss publicly available WSI datasets and evaluation metrics for segmentation, classification, and detection tasks. Then, the latest development of machine learning in WSI segmentation, classification, and detection are reviewed continuously. Finally, the existing methods are studied, the applicabilities of the analysis methods are analyzed, and the application prospects of the analysis methods in this field are forecasted.      
### 40.Rethinking Content and Style: Exploring Bias for Unsupervised Disentanglement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10544.pdf)
>  Content and style (C-S) disentanglement intends to decompose the underlying explanatory factors of objects into two independent subspaces. From the unsupervised disentanglement perspective, we rethink content and style and propose a formulation for unsupervised C-S disentanglement based on our assumption that different factors are of different importance and popularity for image reconstruction, which serves as a data bias. The corresponding model inductive bias is introduced by our proposed C-S disentanglement Module (C-S DisMo), which assigns different and independent roles to content and style when approximating the real data distributions. Specifically, each content embedding from the dataset, which encodes the most dominant factors for image reconstruction, is assumed to be sampled from a shared distribution across the dataset. The style embedding for a particular image, encoding the remaining factors, is used to customize the shared distribution through an affine transformation. The experiments on several popular datasets demonstrate that our method achieves the state-of-the-art unsupervised C-S disentanglement, which is comparable or even better than supervised methods. We verify the effectiveness of our method by downstream tasks: domain translation and single-view 3D reconstruction. Project page at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xrenaa/CS-DisMo" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.Do Generative Models Know Disentanglement? Contrastive Learning is All You Need  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10543.pdf)
>  Disentangled generative models are typically trained with an extra regularization term, which encourages the traversal of each latent factor to make a distinct and independent change at the cost of generation quality. When traversing the latent space of generative models trained without the disentanglement term, the generated samples show semantically meaningful change, raising the question: do generative models know disentanglement? We propose an unsupervised and model-agnostic method: Disentanglement via Contrast (DisCo) in the Variation Space. DisCo consists of: (i) a Navigator providing traversal directions in the latent space, and (ii) a $\Delta$-Contrastor composed of two shared-weight Encoders, which encode image pairs along these directions to disentangled representations respectively, and a difference operator to map the encoded representations to the Variation Space. We propose two more key techniques for DisCo: entropy-based domination loss to make the encoded representations more disentangled and the strategy of flipping hard negatives to address directions with the same semantic meaning. By optimizing the Navigator to discover disentangled directions in the latent space and Encoders to extract disentangled representations from images with Contrastive Learning, DisCo achieves the state-of-the-art disentanglement given pretrained non-disentangled generative models, including GAN, VAE, and Flow. Project page at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xrenaa/DisCo" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 42.A Deep Decomposition Network for Image Processing: A Case Study for Visible and Infrared Image Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10526.pdf)
>  Image decomposition is a crucial subject in the field of image processing. It can extract salient features from the source image. We propose a new image decomposition method based on convolutional neural network. This method can be applied to many image processing tasks. In this paper, we apply the image decomposition network to the image fusion task. We input infrared image and visible light image and decompose them into three high-frequency feature images and a low-frequency feature image respectively. The two sets of feature images are fused using a specific fusion strategy to obtain fusion feature images. Finally, the feature images are reconstructed to obtain the fused image. Compared with the state-of-the-art fusion methods, this method has achieved better performance in both subjective and objective evaluation.      
### 43.Progressive Depth Learning for Single Image Dehazing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10514.pdf)
>  The formulation of the hazy image is mainly dominated by the reflected lights and ambient airlight. Existing dehazing methods often ignore the depth cues and fail in distant areas where heavier haze disturbs the visibility. However, we note that the guidance of the depth information for transmission estimation could remedy the decreased visibility as distances increase. In turn, the good transmission estimation could facilitate the depth estimation for hazy images. In this paper, a deep end-to-end model that iteratively estimates image depths and transmission maps is proposed to perform an effective depth prediction for hazy images and improve the dehazing performance with the guidance of depth information. The image depth and transmission map are progressively refined to better restore the dehazed image. Our approach benefits from explicitly modeling the inner relationship of image depth and transmission map, which is especially effective for distant hazy areas. Extensive results on the benchmarks demonstrate that our proposed network performs favorably against the state-of-the-art dehazing methods in terms of depth estimation and haze removal.      
### 44.Predicting Future Cognitive Decline with Hyperbolic Stochastic Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10503.pdf)
>  Hyperbolic geometry has been successfully applied in modeling brain cortical and subcortical surfaces with general topological structures. However such approaches, similar to other surface based brain morphology analysis methods, usually generate high dimensional features. It limits their statistical power in cognitive decline prediction research, especially in datasets with limited subject numbers. To address the above limitation, we propose a novel framework termed as hyperbolic stochastic coding (HSC). Our preliminary experimental results show that our algorithm achieves superior results on various classification tasks. Our work may enrich surface based brain imaging research tools and potentially result in a diagnostic and prognostic indicator to be useful in individualized treatment strategies.      
### 45.A Hierarchical Conditional Random Field-based Attention Mechanism Approach for Gastric Histopathology Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10499.pdf)
>  In the Gastric Histopathology Image Classification (GHIC) tasks, which is usually weakly supervised learning missions, there is inevitably redundant information in the images. Therefore, designing networks that can focus on effective distinguishing features has become a popular research topic. In this paper, to accomplish the tasks of GHIC superiorly and to assist pathologists in clinical diagnosis, an intelligent Hierarchical Conditional Random Field based Attention Mechanism (HCRF-AM) model is proposed. The HCRF-AM model consists of an Attention Mechanism (AM) module and an Image Classification (IC) module. In the AM module, an HCRF model is built to extract attention regions. In the IC module, a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) model is trained with the attention regions selected and then an algorithm called Classification Probability-based Ensemble Learning is applied to obtain the image-level results from patch-level output of the CNN. In the experiment, a classification specificity of 96.67% is achieved on a gastric histopathology dataset with 700 images. Our HCRF-AM model demonstrates high classification performance and shows its effectiveness and future potential in the GHIC field.      
### 46.Learning Deep Features for Shape Correspondence with Domain Invariance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10493.pdf)
>  Correspondence-based shape models are key to various medical imaging applications that rely on a statistical analysis of anatomies. Such shape models are expected to represent consistent anatomical features across the population for population-specific shape statistics. Early approaches for correspondence placement rely on nearest neighbor search for simpler anatomies. Coordinate transformations for shape correspondence hold promise to address the increasing anatomical complexities. Nonetheless, due to the inherent shape-level geometric complexity and population-level shape variation, the coordinate-wise correspondence often does not translate to the anatomical correspondence. An alternative, group-wise approach for correspondence placement explicitly models the trade-off between geometric description and the population's statistical compactness. However, these models achieve limited success in resolving nonlinear shape correspondence. Recent works have addressed this limitation by adopting an application-specific notion of correspondence through lifting positional data to a higher dimensional feature space. However, they heavily rely on manual expertise to create domain-specific features and consistent landmarks. This paper proposes an automated feature learning approach, using deep convolutional neural networks to extract correspondence-friendly features from shape ensembles. Further, an unsupervised domain adaptation scheme is introduced to augment the pretrained geometric features with new anatomies. Results on anatomical datasets of human scapula, femur, and pelvis bones demonstrate that features learned in supervised fashion show improved performance for correspondence estimation compared to the manual features. Further, unsupervised learning is demonstrated to learn complex anatomy features using the supervised domain adaptation from features learned on simpler anatomy.      
### 47.Scalable Balanced Training of Conditional Generative Adversarial Neural Networks on Image Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10485.pdf)
>  We propose a distributed approach to train deep convolutional generative adversarial neural network (DC-CGANs) models. Our method reduces the imbalance between generator and discriminator by partitioning the training data according to data labels, and enhances scalability by performing a parallel training where multiple generators are concurrently trained, each one of them focusing on a single data label. Performance is assessed in terms of inception score and image quality on MNIST, CIFAR10, CIFAR100, and ImageNet1k datasets, showing a significant improvement in comparison to state-of-the-art techniques to training DC-CGANs. Weak scaling is attained on all the four datasets using up to 1,000 processes and 2,000 NVIDIA V100 GPUs on the OLCF supercomputer Summit.      
### 48.CheXseg: Combining Expert Annotations with DNN-generated Saliency Maps for X-ray Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10484.pdf)
>  Medical image segmentation models are typically supervised by expert annotations at the pixel-level, which can be expensive to acquire. In this work, we propose a method that combines the high quality of pixel-level expert annotations with the scale of coarse DNN-generated saliency maps for training multi-label semantic segmentation models. We demonstrate the application of our semi-supervised method, which we call CheXseg, on multi-label chest x-ray interpretation. We find that CheXseg improves upon the performance (mIoU) of fully-supervised methods that use only pixel-level expert annotations by 13.4% and weakly-supervised methods that use only DNN-generated saliency maps by 91.2%. Furthermore, we implement a semi-supervised method using knowledge distillation and find that though it is outperformed by CheXseg, it exceeds the performance (mIoU) of the best fully-supervised method by 4.83%. Our best method is able to match radiologist agreement on three out of ten pathologies and reduces the overall performance gap by 71.6% as compared to weakly-supervised methods.      
### 49.A Deep Learning-based Method to Extract Lumen and Media-Adventitia in Intravascular Ultrasound Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10480.pdf)
>  Intravascular ultrasound (IVUS) imaging allows direct visualization of the coronary vessel wall and is suitable for the assessment of atherosclerosis and the degree of stenosis. Accurate segmentation and measurements of lumen and median-adventitia (MA) from IVUS are essential for such a successful clinical evaluation. However, current segmentation relies on manual operations, which is time-consuming and user-dependent. In this paper, we aim to develop a deep learning-based method using an encoder-decoder deep architecture to automatically extract both lumen and MA border. Our method named IVUS-U-Net++ is an extension of the well-known U-Net++ model. More specifically, a feature pyramid network was added to the U-Net++ model, enabling the utilization of feature maps at different scales. As a result, the accuracy of the probability map and subsequent segmentation have been improved We collected 1746 IVUS images from 18 patients in this study. The whole dataset was split into a training dataset (1572 images) for the 10-fold cross-validation and a test dataset (174 images) for evaluating the performance of models. Our IVUS-U-Net++ segmentation model achieved a Jaccard measure (JM) of 0.9412, a Hausdorff distance (HD) of 0.0639 mm for the lumen border, and a JM of 0.9509, an HD of 0.0867 mm for the MA border, respectively. Moreover, the Pearson correlation and Bland-Altman analyses were performed to evaluate the correlations of 12 clinical parameters measured from our segmentation results and the ground truth, and automatic measurements agreed well with those from the ground truth (all Ps&lt;0.01). In conclusion, our preliminary results demonstrate that the proposed IVUS-U-Net++ model has great promise for clinical use.      
### 50.Squeeze-and-Excitation Normalization for Automated Delineation of Head and Neck Primary Tumors in Combined PET and CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10446.pdf)
>  Development of robust and accurate fully automated methods for medical image segmentation is crucial in clinical practice and radiomics studies. In this work, we contributed an automated approach for Head and Neck (H&amp;N) primary tumor segmentation in combined positron emission tomography / computed tomography (PET/CT) images in the context of the MICCAI 2020 Head and Neck Tumor segmentation challenge (HECKTOR). Our model was designed on the U-Net architecture with residual layers and supplemented with Squeeze-and-Excitation Normalization. The described method achieved competitive results in cross-validation (DSC 0.745, precision 0.760, recall 0.789) performed on different centers, as well as on the test set (DSC 0.759, precision 0.833, recall 0.740) that allowed us to win first prize in the HECKTOR challenge among 21 participating teams. The full implementation based on PyTorch and the trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/iantsen/hecktor" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 51.Unsupervised Medical Image Alignment with Curriculum Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10438.pdf)
>  We explore different curriculum learning methods for training convolutional neural networks on the task of deformable pairwise 3D medical image registration. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to attempt to improve performance by training medical image registration models using curriculum learning, starting from an easy training setup in the first training stages, and gradually increasing the complexity of the setup. On the one hand, we consider two existing curriculum learning approaches, namely curriculum dropout and curriculum by smoothing. On the other hand, we propose a novel and simple strategy to achieve curriculum, namely to use purposely blurred images at the beginning, then gradually transit to sharper images in the later training stages. Our experiments with an underlying state-of-the-art deep learning model show that curriculum learning can lead to superior results compared to conventional training.      
### 52.VisualGPT: Data-efficient Image Captioning by Balancing Visual Input and Linguistic Knowledge from Pretraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10407.pdf)
>  In this paper, we aim to improve the data efficiency of image captioning. We propose VisualGPT, a data-efficient image captioning model that leverages the linguistic knowledge from a large pretrained language model (LM). A crucial challenge is to balance between the use of visual information in the image and prior linguistic knowledge acquired from pretraining.We designed a novel self-resurrecting encoder-decoder attention mechanism to quickly adapt the pretrained LM as the language decoder on a small amount of in-domain training data. The pro-posed self-resurrecting activation unit produces sparse activations but is not susceptible to zero gradients. When trained on 0.1%, 0.5% and 1% of MSCOCO and Conceptual Captions, the proposed model, VisualGPT, surpasses strong image captioning baselines. VisualGPT outperforms the best baseline model by up to 10.8% CIDEr on MS COCO and up to 5.4% CIDEr on Conceptual Captions.We also perform a series of ablation studies to quantify the utility of each system component. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that improves data efficiency of image captioning by utilizing LM pretrained on unimodal data. Our code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Vision-CAIR/VisualGPT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 53.Self-Supervised Learning via multi-Transformation Classification for Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10378.pdf)
>  Self-supervised tasks have been utilized to build useful representations that can be used in downstream tasks when the annotation is unavailable. In this paper, we introduce a self-supervised video representation learning method based on the multi-transformation classification to efficiently classify human actions. Self-supervised learning on various transformations not only provides richer contextual information but also enables the visual representation more robust to the transforms. The spatio-temporal representation of the video is learned in a self-supervised manner by classifying seven different transformations i.e. rotation, clip inversion, permutation, split, join transformation, color switch, frame replacement, noise addition. First, seven different video transformations are applied to video clips. Then the 3D convolutional neural networks are utilized to extract features for clips and these features are processed to classify the pseudo-labels. We use the learned models in pretext tasks as the pre-trained models and fine-tune them to recognize human actions in the downstream task. We have conducted the experiments on UCF101 and HMDB51 datasets together with C3D and 3D Resnet-18 as backbone networks. The experimental results have shown that our proposed framework is outperformed other SOTA self-supervised action recognition approaches. The code will be made publicly available.      
### 54.CellTrack R-CNN: A Novel End-To-End Deep Neural Network for Cell Segmentation and Tracking in Microscopy Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10377.pdf)
>  Cell segmentation and tracking in microscopy images are of great significance to new discoveries in biology and medicine. In this study, we propose a novel approach to combine cell segmentation and cell tracking into a unified end-to-end deep learning based framework, where cell detection and segmentation are performed with a current instance segmentation pipeline and cell tracking is implemented by integrating Siamese Network with the pipeline. Besides, tracking performance is improved by incorporating spatial information into the network and fusing spatial and visual prediction. Our approach was evaluated on the DeepCell benchmark dataset. Despite being simple and efficient, our method outperforms state-of-the-art algorithms in terms of both cell segmentation and cell tracking accuracies.      
### 55.EMDS-5: Environmental Microorganism Image Dataset Fifth Version for Multiple Image Analysis Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10370.pdf)
>  Environmental Microorganism Data Set Fifth Version (EMDS-5) is a microscopic image dataset including original Environmental Microorganism (EM) images and two sets of Ground Truth (GT) images. The GT image sets include a single-object GT image set and a multi-object GT image set. The EMDS-5 dataset has 21 types of EMs, each of which contains 20 original EM images, 20 single-object GT images and 20 multi-object GT images. EMDS-5 can realize to evaluate image preprocessing, image segmentation, feature extraction, image classification and image retrieval functions. In order to prove the effectiveness of EMDS-5, for each function, we select the most representative algorithms and price indicators for testing and evaluation. The image preprocessing functions contain two parts: image denoising and image edge detection. Image denoising uses nine kinds of filters to denoise 13 kinds of noises, respectively. In the aspect of edge detection, six edge detection operators are used to detect the edges of the images, and two evaluation indicators, peak-signal to noise ratio and mean structural similarity, are used for evaluation. Image segmentation includes single-object image segmentation and multi-object image segmentation. Six methods are used for single-object image segmentation, while k-means and U-net are used for multi-object segmentation.We extract nine features from the images in EMDS-5 and use the Support Vector Machine classifier for testing. In terms of image classification, we select the VGG16 feature to test different classifiers. We test two types of retrieval approaches: texture feature retrieval and deep learning feature retrieval. We select the last layer of features of these two deep learning networks as feature vectors. We use mean average precision as the evaluation index for retrieval.      
### 56.Analyzing Overfitting under Class Imbalance in Neural Networks for Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10365.pdf)
>  Class imbalance poses a challenge for developing unbiased, accurate predictive models. In particular, in image segmentation neural networks may overfit to the foreground samples from small structures, which are often heavily under-represented in the training set, leading to poor generalization. In this study, we provide new insights on the problem of overfitting under class imbalance by inspecting the network behavior. We find empirically that when training with limited data and strong class imbalance, at test time the distribution of logit activations may shift across the decision boundary, while samples of the well-represented class seem unaffected. This bias leads to a systematic under-segmentation of small structures. This phenomenon is consistently observed for different databases, tasks and network architectures. To tackle this problem, we introduce new asymmetric variants of popular loss functions and regularization techniques including a large margin loss, focal loss, adversarial training, mixup and data augmentation, which are explicitly designed to counter logit shift of the under-represented classes. Extensive experiments are conducted on several challenging segmentation tasks. Our results demonstrate that the proposed modifications to the objective function can lead to significantly improved segmentation accuracy compared to baselines and alternative approaches.      
### 57.Exploring Knowledge Distillation of a Deep Neural Network for Multi-Script identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10335.pdf)
>  Multi-lingual script identification is a difficult task consisting of different language with complex backgrounds in scene text images. According to the current research scenario, deep neural networks are employed as teacher models to train a smaller student network by utilizing the teacher model's predictions. This process is known as dark knowledge transfer. It has been quite successful in many domains where the final result obtained is unachievable through directly training the student network with a simple architecture. In this paper, we explore dark knowledge transfer approach using long short-term memory(LSTM) and CNN based assistant model and various deep neural networks as the teacher model, with a simple CNN based student network, in this domain of multi-script identification from natural scene text images. We explore the performance of different teacher models and their ability to transfer knowledge to a student network. Although the small student network's limited size, our approach obtains satisfactory results on a well-known script identification dataset CVSI-2015.      
### 58.Towards Accurate and Compact Architectures via Neural Architecture Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10301.pdf)
>  Designing effective architectures is one of the key factors behind the success of deep neural networks. Existing deep architectures are either manually designed or automatically searched by some Neural Architecture Search (NAS) methods. However, even a well-designed/searched architecture may still contain many nonsignificant or redundant modules/operations. Thus, it is necessary to optimize the operations inside an architecture to improve the performance without introducing extra computational cost. To this end, we have proposed a Neural Architecture Transformer (NAT) method which casts the optimization problem into a Markov Decision Process (MDP) and seeks to replace the redundant operations with more efficient operations, such as skip or null connection. Note that NAT only considers a small number of possible transitions and thus comes with a limited search/transition space. As a result, such a small search space may hamper the performance of architecture optimization. To address this issue, we propose a Neural Architecture Transformer++ (NAT++) method which further enlarges the set of candidate transitions to improve the performance of architecture optimization. Specifically, we present a two-level transition rule to obtain valid transitions, i.e., allowing operations to have more efficient types (e.g., convolution-&gt;separable convolution) or smaller kernel sizes (e.g., 5x5-&gt;3x3). Note that different operations may have different valid transitions. We further propose a Binary-Masked Softmax (BMSoftmax) layer to omit the possible invalid transitions. Extensive experiments on several benchmark datasets show that the transformed architecture significantly outperforms both its original counterpart and the architectures optimized by existing methods.      
### 59.Concealed Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10274.pdf)
>  We present the first systematic study on concealed object detection (COD), which aims to identify objects that are "perfectly" embedded in their background. The high intrinsic similarities between the concealed objects and their background make COD far more challenging than traditional object detection/segmentation. To better understand this task, we collect a large-scale dataset, called COD10K, which consists of 10,000 images covering concealed objects in diverse real-world scenarios from 78 object categories. Further, we provide rich annotations including object categories, object boundaries, challenging attributes, object-level labels, and instance-level annotations. Our COD10K is the largest COD dataset to date, with the richest annotations, which enables comprehensive concealed object understanding and can even be used to help progress several other vision tasks, such as detection, segmentation, classification, etc. Motivated by how animals hunt in the wild, we also design a simple but strong baseline for COD, termed the Search Identification Network (SINet). Without any bells and whistles, SINet outperforms 12 cutting-edge baselines on all datasets tested, making them robust, general architectures that could serve as catalysts for future research in COD. Finally, we provide some interesting findings and highlight several potential applications and future directions. To spark research in this new field, our code, dataset, and online demo are available on our project page: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://mmcheng.net/cod" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 60.GMLight: Lighting Estimation via Geometric Distribution Approximation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10244.pdf)
>  Lighting estimation from a single image is an essential yet challenging task in computer vision and computer graphics. Existing works estimate lighting by regressing representative illumination parameters or generating illumination maps directly. However, these methods often suffer from poor accuracy and generalization. This paper presents Geometric Mover's Light (GMLight), a lighting estimation framework that employs a regression network and a generative projector for effective illumination estimation. We parameterize illumination scenes in terms of the geometric light distribution, light intensity, ambient term, and auxiliary depth, and estimate them as a pure regression task. Inspired by the earth mover's distance, we design a novel geometric mover's loss to guide the accurate regression of light distribution parameters. With the estimated lighting parameters, the generative projector synthesizes panoramic illumination maps with realistic appearance and frequency. Extensive experiments show that GMLight achieves accurate illumination estimation and superior fidelity in relighting for 3D object insertion.      
### 61.Hard-Attention for Scalable Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10212.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) are typically optimized for a specific input resolution (e.g. $224 \times 224$ px) and their adoption to inputs of higher resolution (e.g., satellite or medical images) remains challenging, as it leads to excessive computation and memory overhead, and may require substantial engineering effort (e.g., streaming). We show that multi-scale hard-attention can be an effective solution to this problem. We propose a novel architecture, TNet, which traverses an image pyramid in a top-down fashion, visiting only the most informative regions along the way. We compare our model against strong hard-attention baselines, achieving a better trade-off between resources and accuracy on ImageNet. We further verify the efficacy of our model on satellite images (fMoW dataset) of size up to $896 \times 896$ px. In addition, our hard-attention mechanism guarantees predictions with a degree of interpretability, without extra cost beyond inference. We also show that we can reduce data acquisition and annotation cost, since our model attends only to a fraction of the highest resolution content, while using only image-level labels without bounding boxes.      
### 62.Camera Calibration with Pose Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10202.pdf)
>  Camera calibration plays a critical role in various computer vision tasks such as autonomous driving or augmented reality. Widely used camera calibration tools utilize plane pattern based methodology, such as using a chessboard or AprilTag board, user's calibration expertise level significantly affects calibration accuracy and consistency when without clear instruction. Furthermore, calibration is a recurring task that has to be performed each time the camera is changed or moved. It's also a great burden to calibrate huge amounts of cameras such as Driver Monitoring System (DMS) cameras in a production line with millions of vehicles. To resolve above issues, we propose a calibration system called Calibration with Pose Guidance to improve calibration accuracy, reduce calibration variance among different users or different trials of the same person. Experiment result shows that our proposed method achieves more accurate and consistent calibration than traditional calibration tools.      
### 63.Adaptable Deformable Convolutions for Semantic Segmentation of Fisheye Images in Autonomous Driving Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10191.pdf)
>  Advanced Driver-Assistance Systems rely heavily on perception tasks such as semantic segmentation where images are captured from large field of view (FoV) cameras. State-of-the-art works have made considerable progress toward applying Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) to standard (rectilinear) images. However, the large FoV cameras used in autonomous vehicles produce fisheye images characterized by strong geometric distortion. This work demonstrates that a CNN trained on standard images can be readily adapted to fisheye images, which is crucial in real-world applications where time-consuming real-time data transformation must be avoided. Our adaptation protocol mainly relies on modifying the support of the convolutions by using their deformable equivalents on top of pre-existing layers. We prove that tuning an optimal support only requires a limited amount of labeled fisheye images, as a small number of training samples is sufficient to significantly improve an existing model's performance on wide-angle images. Furthermore, we show that finetuning the weights of the network is not necessary to achieve high performance once the deformable components are learned. Finally, we provide an in-depth analysis of the effect of the deformable convolutions, bringing elements of discussion on the behavior of CNN models.      
### 64.Image Classification using CNN for Traffic Signs in Pakistan  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10130.pdf)
>  The autonomous automotive industry is one of the largest and most conventional projects worldwide, with many technology companies effectively designing and orienting their products towards automobile safety and accuracy. These products are performing very well over the roads in developed countries. But can fail in the first minute in an underdeveloped country because there is much difference between a developed country environment and an underdeveloped country environment. The following study proposed to train these Artificial intelligence models in environment space in an underdeveloped country like Pakistan. The proposed approach on image classification uses convolutional neural networks for image classification for the model. For model pre-training German traffic signs data set was selected then fine-tuned on Pakistan's dataset. The experimental setup showed the best results and accuracy from the previously conducted experiments. In this work to increase the accuracy, more dataset was collected to increase the size of images in every class in the data set. In the future, a low number of classes are required to be further increased where more images for traffic signs are required to be collected to get more accuracy on the training of the model over traffic signs of Pakistan's most used and popular roads motorway and national highway, whose traffic signs color, size, and shapes are different from common traffic signs.      
### 65.Probing Multimodal Embeddings for Linguistic Properties: the Visual-Semantic Case  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11115.pdf)
>  Semantic embeddings have advanced the state of the art for countless natural language processing tasks, and various extensions to multimodal domains, such as visual-semantic embeddings, have been proposed. While the power of visual-semantic embeddings comes from the distillation and enrichment of information through machine learning, their inner workings are poorly understood and there is a shortage of analysis tools. To address this problem, we generalize the notion of probing tasks to the visual-semantic case. To this end, we (i) discuss the formalization of probing tasks for embeddings of image-caption pairs, (ii) define three concrete probing tasks within our general framework, (iii) train classifiers to probe for those properties, and (iv) compare various state-of-the-art embeddings under the lens of the proposed probing tasks. Our experiments reveal an up to 12% increase in accuracy on visual-semantic embeddings compared to the corresponding unimodal embeddings, which suggest that the text and image dimensions represented in the former do complement each other.      
### 66.RCoNet: Deformable Mutual Information Maximization and High-order Uncertainty-aware Learning for Robust COVID-19 Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11099.pdf)
>  The novel 2019 Coronavirus (COVID-19) infection has spread world widely and is currently a major healthcare challenge around the world. Chest Computed Tomography (CT) and X-ray images have been well recognized to be two effective techniques for clinical COVID-19 disease diagnoses. Due to faster imaging time and considerably lower cost than CT, detecting COVID-19 in chest X-ray (CXR) images is preferred for efficient diagnosis, assessment and treatment. However, considering the similarity between COVID-19 and pneumonia, CXR samples with deep features distributed near category boundaries are easily misclassified by the hyper-planes learned from limited training data. Moreover, most existing approaches for COVID-19 detection focus on the accuracy of prediction and overlook the uncertainty estimation, which is particularly important when dealing with noisy datasets. To alleviate these concerns, we propose a novel deep network named {\em RCoNet$^k_s$} for robust COVID-19 detection which employs {\em Deformable Mutual Information Maximization} (DeIM), {\em Mixed High-order Moment Feature} (MHMF) and {\em Multi-expert Uncertainty-aware Learning} (MUL). With DeIM, the mutual information (MI) between input data and the corresponding latent representations can be well estimated and maximized to capture compact and disentangled representational characteristics. Meanwhile, MHMF can fully explore the benefits of using high-order statistics and extract discriminative features of complex distributions in medical imaging. Finally, MUL creates multiple parallel dropout networks for each CXR image to evaluate uncertainty and thus prevent performance degradation caused by the noise in the data.      
### 67.Lottery Ticket Implies Accuracy Degradation, Is It a Desirable Phenomenon?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11068.pdf)
>  In deep model compression, the recent finding "Lottery Ticket Hypothesis" (LTH) (Frankle &amp; Carbin, 2018) pointed out that there could exist a winning ticket (i.e., a properly pruned sub-network together with original weight initialization) that can achieve competitive performance than the original dense network. However, it is not easy to observe such winning property in many scenarios, where for example, a relatively large learning rate is used even if it benefits training the original dense model. In this work, we investigate the underlying condition and rationale behind the winning property, and find that the underlying reason is largely attributed to the correlation between initialized weights and final-trained weights when the learning rate is not sufficiently large. Thus, the existence of winning property is correlated with an insufficient DNN pretraining, and is unlikely to occur for a well-trained DNN. To overcome this limitation, we propose the "pruning &amp; fine-tuning" method that consistently outperforms lottery ticket sparse training under the same pruning algorithm and the same total training epochs. Extensive experiments over multiple deep models (VGG, ResNet, MobileNet-v2) on different datasets have been conducted to justify our proposals.      
### 68.Learning Purified Feature Representations from Task-irrelevant Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10955.pdf)
>  Learning an empirically effective model with generalization using limited data is a challenging task for deep neural networks. In this paper, we propose a novel learning framework called PurifiedLearning to exploit task-irrelevant features extracted from task-irrelevant labels when training models on small-scale datasets. Particularly, we purify feature representations by using the expression of task-irrelevant information, thus facilitating the learning process of classification. Our work is built on solid theoretical analysis and extensive experiments, which demonstrate the effectiveness of PurifiedLearning. According to the theory we proved, PurifiedLearning is model-agnostic and doesn't have any restrictions on the model needed, so it can be combined with any existing deep neural networks with ease to achieve better performance. The source code of this paper will be available in the future for reproducibility.      
### 69.Differentially Private Supervised Manifold Learning with Applications like Private Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10802.pdf)
>  Differential Privacy offers strong guarantees such as immutable privacy under post processing. Thus it is often looked to as a solution to learning on scattered and isolated data. This work focuses on supervised manifold learning, a paradigm that can generate fine-tuned manifolds for a target use case. Our contributions are two fold. 1) We present a novel differentially private method \textit{PrivateMail} for supervised manifold learning, the first of its kind to our knowledge. 2) We provide a novel private geometric embedding scheme for our experimental use case. We experiment on private "content based image retrieval" - embedding and querying the nearest neighbors of images in a private manner - and show extensive privacy-utility tradeoff results, as well as the computational efficiency and practicality of our methods.      
### 70.3D Vision-guided Pick-and-Place Using Kuka LBR iiwa Robot  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10710.pdf)
>  This paper presents the development of a control system for vision-guided pick-and-place tasks using a robot arm equipped with a 3D camera. The main steps include camera intrinsic and extrinsic calibration, hand-eye calibration, initial object pose registration, objects pose alignment algorithm, and pick-and-place execution. The proposed system allows the robot be able to to pick and place object with limited times of registering a new object and the developed software can be applied for new object scenario quickly. The integrated system was tested using the hardware combination of kuka iiwa, Robotiq grippers (two finger gripper and three finger gripper) and 3D cameras (Intel realsense D415 camera, Intel realsense D435 camera, Microsoft Kinect V2). The whole system can also be modified for the combination of other robotic arm, gripper and 3D camera.      
### 71.Tchebichef Transform Domain-based Deep Learning Architecture for Image Super-resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10640.pdf)
>  The recent outbreak of COVID-19 has motivated researchers to contribute in the area of medical imaging using artificial intelligence and deep learning. Super-resolution (SR), in the past few years, has produced remarkable results using deep learning methods. The ability of deep learning methods to learn the non-linear mapping from low-resolution (LR) images to their corresponding high-resolution (HR) images leads to compelling results for SR in diverse areas of research. In this paper, we propose a deep learning based image super-resolution architecture in Tchebichef transform domain. This is achieved by integrating a transform layer into the proposed architecture through a customized Tchebichef convolutional layer ($TCL$). The role of TCL is to convert the LR image from the spatial domain to the orthogonal transform domain using Tchebichef basis functions. The inversion of the aforementioned transformation is achieved using another layer known as the Inverse Tchebichef convolutional Layer (ITCL), which converts back the LR images from the transform domain to the spatial domain. It has been observed that using the Tchebichef transform domain for the task of SR takes the advantage of high and low-frequency representation of images that makes the task of super-resolution simplified. We, further, introduce transfer learning approach to enhance the quality of Covid based medical images. It is shown that our architecture enhances the quality of X-ray and CT images of COVID-19, providing a better image quality that helps in clinical diagnosis. Experimental results obtained using the proposed Tchebichef transform domain super-resolution (TTDSR) architecture provides competitive results when compared with most of the deep learning methods employed using a fewer number of trainable parameters.      
### 72.Classification of COVID-19 via Homology of CT-SCAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10593.pdf)
>  In this worldwide spread of SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) infection, it is of utmost importance to detect the disease at an early stage especially in the hot spots of this epidemic. There are more than 110 Million infected cases on the globe, sofar. Due to its promptness and effective results computed tomography (CT)-scan image is preferred to the reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). Early detection and isolation of the patient is the only possible way of controlling the spread of the disease. Automated analysis of CT-Scans can provide enormous support in this process. In this article, We propose a novel approach to detect SARS-CoV-2 using CT-scan images. Our method is based on a very intuitive and natural idea of analyzing shapes, an attempt to mimic a professional medic. We mainly trace SARS-CoV-2 features by quantifying their topological properties. We primarily use a tool called persistent homology, from Topological Data Analysis (TDA), to compute these topological properties. We train and test our model on the "SARS-CoV-2 CT-scan dataset" \citep{soares2020sars}, an open-source dataset, containing 2,481 CT-scans of normal and COVID-19 patients. Our model yielded an overall benchmark F1 score of $99.42\% $, accuracy $99.416\%$, precision $99.41\%$, and recall $99.42\%$. The TDA techniques have great potential that can be utilized for efficient and prompt detection of COVID-19. The immense potential of TDA may be exploited in clinics for rapid and safe detection of COVID-19 globally, in particular in the low and middle-income countries where RT-PCR labs and/or kits are in a serious crisis.      
### 73.Combining Spiking Neural Network and Artificial Neural Network for Enhanced Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10592.pdf)
>  With the continued innovations of deep neural networks, spiking neural networks (SNNs) that more closely resemble biological brain synapses have attracted attention owing to their low power consumption. However, for continuous data values, they must employ a coding process to convert the values to spike trains. Thus, they have not yet exceeded the performance of artificial neural networks (ANNs), which handle such values directly. To this end, we combine an ANN and an SNN to build versatile hybrid neural networks (HNNs) that improve the concerned performance.      
### 74.The Effects of Image Distribution and Task on Adversarial Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10534.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an adaptation to the area under the curve (AUC) metric to measure the adversarial robustness of a model over a particular $\epsilon$-interval $[\epsilon_0, \epsilon_1]$ (interval of adversarial perturbation strengths) that facilitates unbiased comparisons across models when they have different initial $\epsilon_0$ performance. This can be used to determine how adversarially robust a model is to different image distributions or task (or some other variable); and/or to measure how robust a model is comparatively to other models. We used this adversarial robustness metric on models of an MNIST, CIFAR-10, and a Fusion dataset (CIFAR-10 + MNIST) where trained models performed either a digit or object recognition task using a LeNet, ResNet50, or a fully connected network (FullyConnectedNet) architecture and found the following: 1) CIFAR-10 models are inherently less adversarially robust than MNIST models; 2) Both the image distribution and task that a model is trained on can affect the adversarial robustness of the resultant model. 3) Pretraining with a different image distribution and task sometimes carries over the adversarial robustness induced by that image distribution and task in the resultant model; Collectively, our results imply non-trivial differences of the learned representation space of one perceptual system over another given its exposure to different image statistics or tasks (mainly objects vs digits). Moreover, these results hold even when model systems are equalized to have the same level of performance, or when exposed to approximately matched image statistics of fusion images but with different tasks.      
### 75.Weak NAS Predictors Are All You Need  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10490.pdf)
>  Neural Architecture Search (NAS) finds the best network architecture by exploring the architecture-to-performance manifold. It often trains and evaluates a large number of architectures, causing tremendous computation costs. Recent predictor-based NAS approaches attempt to solve this problem with two key steps: sampling some architecture-performance pairs and fitting a proxy accuracy predictor. Given limited samples, these predictors, however, are far from accurate to locate top architectures. In this paper, we shift the paradigm from finding a complicated predictor that covers the whole architecture space to a set of weaker predictors that progressively move towards the high-performance sub-space. It is based on the key property of the proposed weak predictors that their probabilities of sampling better architectures keep increasing. We thus only sample a few well-performed architectures guided by the previously learned predictor and estimate a new better weak predictor. By this coarse-to-fine iteration, the ranking of sampling space is refined gradually, which helps find the optimal architectures eventually. Experiments demonstrate that our method costs fewer samples to find the top-performance architectures on NAS-Bench-101 and NAS-Bench-201, and it achieves the state-of-the-art ImageNet performance on the NASNet search space. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VITA-Group/WeakNAS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 76.Learning Neural Network Subspaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10472.pdf)
>  Recent observations have advanced our understanding of the neural network optimization landscape, revealing the existence of (1) paths of high accuracy containing diverse solutions and (2) wider minima offering improved performance. Previous methods observing diverse paths require multiple training runs. In contrast we aim to leverage both property (1) and (2) with a single method and in a single training run. With a similar computational cost as training one model, we learn lines, curves, and simplexes of high-accuracy neural networks. These neural network subspaces contain diverse solutions that can be ensembled, approaching the ensemble performance of independently trained networks without the training cost. Moreover, using the subspace midpoint boosts accuracy, calibration, and robustness to label noise, outperforming Stochastic Weight Averaging.      
### 77.BSQ: Exploring Bit-Level Sparsity for Mixed-Precision Neural Network Quantization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10462.pdf)
>  Mixed-precision quantization can potentially achieve the optimal tradeoff between performance and compression rate of deep neural networks, and thus, have been widely investigated. However, it lacks a systematic method to determine the exact quantization scheme. Previous methods either examine only a small manually-designed search space or utilize a cumbersome neural architecture search to explore the vast search space. These approaches cannot lead to an optimal quantization scheme efficiently. This work proposes bit-level sparsity quantization (BSQ) to tackle the mixed-precision quantization from a new angle of inducing bit-level sparsity. We consider each bit of quantized weights as an independent trainable variable and introduce a differentiable bit-sparsity regularizer. BSQ can induce all-zero bits across a group of weight elements and realize the dynamic precision reduction, leading to a mixed-precision quantization scheme of the original model. Our method enables the exploration of the full mixed-precision space with a single gradient-based optimization process, with only one hyperparameter to tradeoff the performance and compression. BSQ achieves both higher accuracy and higher bit reduction on various model architectures on the CIFAR-10 and ImageNet datasets comparing to previous methods.      
### 78.On Fast Adversarial Robustness Adaptation in Model-Agnostic Meta-Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10454.pdf)
>  Model-agnostic meta-learning (MAML) has emerged as one of the most successful meta-learning techniques in few-shot learning. It enables us to learn a meta-initialization} of model parameters (that we call meta-model) to rapidly adapt to new tasks using a small amount of labeled training data. Despite the generalization power of the meta-model, it remains elusive that how adversarial robustness can be maintained by MAML in few-shot learning. In addition to generalization, robustness is also desired for a meta-model to defend adversarial examples (attacks). Toward promoting adversarial robustness in MAML, we first study WHEN a robustness-promoting regularization should be incorporated, given the fact that MAML adopts a bi-level (fine-tuning vs. meta-update) learning procedure. We show that robustifying the meta-update stage is sufficient to make robustness adapted to the task-specific fine-tuning stage even if the latter uses a standard training protocol. We also make additional justification on the acquired robustness adaptation by peering into the interpretability of neurons' activation maps. Furthermore, we investigate HOW robust regularization can efficiently be designed in MAML. We propose a general but easily-optimized robustness-regularized meta-learning framework, which allows the use of unlabeled data augmentation, fast adversarial attack generation, and computationally-light fine-tuning. In particular, we for the first time show that the auxiliary contrastive learning task can enhance the adversarial robustness of MAML. Finally, extensive experiments are conducted to demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed methods in robust few-shot learning.      
### 79.WaNet -- Imperceptible Warping-based Backdoor Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10369.pdf)
>  With the thriving of deep learning and the widespread practice of using pre-trained networks, backdoor attacks have become an increasing security threat drawing many research interests in recent years. A third-party model can be poisoned in training to work well in normal conditions but behave maliciously when a trigger pattern appears. However, the existing backdoor attacks are all built on noise perturbation triggers, making them noticeable to humans. In this paper, we instead propose using warping-based triggers. The proposed backdoor outperforms the previous methods in a human inspection test by a wide margin, proving its stealthiness. To make such models undetectable by machine defenders, we propose a novel training mode, called the ``noise mode. The trained networks successfully attack and bypass the state-of-the-art defense methods on standard classification datasets, including MNIST, CIFAR-10, GTSRB, and CelebA. Behavior analyses show that our backdoors are transparent to network inspection, further proving this novel attack mechanism's efficiency.      
### 80.SSFG: Stochastically Scaling Features and Gradients for Regularizing Graph Convolution Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10338.pdf)
>  Graph convolutional networks have been successfully applied in various graph-based tasks. In a typical graph convolutional layer, node features are computed by aggregating neighborhood information. Repeatedly applying graph convolutions can cause the oversmoothing issue, i.e., node features converge to similar values. This is one of the major reasons that cause overfitting in graph learning, resulting in the model fitting well to training data while not generalizing well on test data. In this paper, we present a stochastic regularization method to address this issue. In our method, we stochastically scale features and gradients (SSFG) by a factor sampled from a probability distribution in the training procedure. We show that applying stochastic scaling at the feature level is complementary to that at the gradient level in improving the overall performance. When used together with ReLU, our method can be seen as a stochastic ReLU. We experimentally validate our SSFG regularization method on seven benchmark datasets for different graph-based tasks. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that our method effectively improves the overall performance of the baseline graph networks.      
### 81.GroupifyVAE: from Group-based Definition to VAE-based Unsupervised Representation Disentanglement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.10303.pdf)
>  The key idea of the state-of-the-art VAE-based unsupervised representation disentanglement methods is to minimize the total correlation of the latent variable distributions. However, it has been proved that VAE-based unsupervised disentanglement can not be achieved without introducing other inductive bias. In this paper, we address VAE-based unsupervised disentanglement by leveraging the constraints derived from the Group Theory based definition as the non-probabilistic inductive bias. More specifically, inspired by the nth dihedral group (the permutation group for regular polygons), we propose a specific form of the definition and prove its two equivalent conditions: isomorphism and "the constancy of permutations". We further provide an implementation of isomorphism based on two Group constraints: the Abel constraint for the exchangeability and Order constraint for the cyclicity. We then convert them into a self-supervised training loss that can be incorporated into VAE-based models to bridge their gaps from the Group Theory based definition. We train 1800 models covering the most prominent VAE-based models on five datasets to verify the effectiveness of our method. Compared to the original models, the Groupidied VAEs consistently achieve better mean performance with smaller variances, and make meaningful dimensions controllable.      
