# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 9 Oct 2020
### 1.Deformable DETR: Deformable Transformers for End-to-End Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04159.pdf)
>  DETR has been recently proposed to eliminate the need for many hand-designed components in object detection while demonstrating good performance. However, it suffers from slow convergence and limited feature spatial resolution, due to the limitation of Transformer attention modules in processing image feature maps. To mitigate these issues, we proposed Deformable DETR, whose attention modules only attend to a small set of key sampling points around a reference. Deformable DETR can achieve better performance than DETR (especially on small objects) with 10$\times$ less training epochs. Extensive experiments on the COCO benchmark demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach. Code shall be released.      
### 2.A Survey On Anti-Spoofing Methods For Face Recognition with RGB Cameras of Generic Consumer Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04145.pdf)
>  The widespread deployment of face recognition-based biometric systems has made face Presentation Attack Detection (face anti-spoofing) an increasingly critical issue. This survey thoroughly investigates the face Presentation Attack Detection (PAD) methods, that only require RGB cameras of generic consumer devices, over the past two decades. We present an attack scenario-oriented typology of the existing face PAD methods and we provide a review of over 50 of the most recent face PAD methods and their related issues. We adopt a comprehensive presentation of the methods that have most influenced face PAD following the proposed typology, and in chronological order. By doing so, we depict the main challenges, evolutions and current trends in the field of face PAD, and provide insights on its future research. From an experimental point of view, this survey paper provides a summarized overview of the available public databases and extensive comparative experimental results of different PAD methods.      
### 3.Deep SVBRDF Estimation on Real Materials  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04143.pdf)
>  Recent work has demonstrated that deep learning approaches can successfully be used to recover accurate estimates of the spatially-varying BRDF (SVBRDF) of a surface from as little as a single image. Closer inspection reveals, however, that most approaches in the literature are trained purely on synthetic data, which, while diverse and realistic, is often not representative of the richness of the real world. In this paper, we show that training such networks exclusively on synthetic data is insufficient to achieve adequate results when tested on real data. Our analysis leverages a new dataset of real materials obtained with a novel portable multi-light capture apparatus. Through an extensive series of experiments and with the use of a novel deep learning architecture, we explore two strategies for improving results on real data: finetuning, and a per-material optimization procedure. We show that adapting network weights to real data is of critical importance, resulting in an approach which significantly outperforms previous methods for SVBRDF estimation on real materials. Dataset and code are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://lvsn.github.io/real-svbrdf" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 4.3D Object Detection and Pose Estimation of Unseen Objects in Color Images with Local Surface Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04075.pdf)
>  We present an approach for detecting and estimating the 3D poses of objects in images that requires only an untextured CAD model and no training phase for new objects. Our approach combines Deep Learning and 3D geometry: It relies on an embedding of local 3D geometry to match the CAD models to the input images. For points at the surface of objects, this embedding can be computed directly from the CAD model; for image locations, we learn to predict it from the image itself. This establishes correspondences between 3D points on the CAD model and 2D locations of the input images. However, many of these correspondences are ambiguous as many points may have similar local geometries. We show that we can use Mask-RCNN in a class-agnostic way to detect the new objects without retraining and thus drastically limit the number of possible correspondences. We can then robustly estimate a 3D pose from these discriminative correspondences using a RANSAC- like algorithm. We demonstrate the performance of this approach on the T-LESS dataset, by using a small number of objects to learn the embedding and testing it on the other objects. Our experiments show that our method is on par or better than previous methods.      
### 5.Are Adaptive Face Recognition Systems still Necessary? Experiments on the APE Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04072.pdf)
>  In the last five years, deep learning methods, in particular CNN, have attracted considerable attention in the field of face-based recognition, achieving impressive results. Despite this progress, it is not yet clear precisely to what extent deep features are able to follow all the intra-class variations that the face can present over time. In this paper we investigate the performance the performance improvement of face recognition systems by adopting self updating strategies of the face templates. For that purpose, we evaluate the performance of a well-known deep-learning face representation, namely, FaceNet, on a dataset that we generated explicitly conceived to embed intra-class variations of users on a large time span of captures: the APhotoEveryday (APE) dataset. Moreover, we compare these deep features with handcrafted features extracted using the BSIF algorithm. In both cases, we evaluate various template update strategies, in order to detect the most useful for such kind of features. Experimental results show the effectiveness of "optimized" self-update methods with respect to systems without update or random selection of templates.      
### 6.Semi-Supervised Learning of Multi-Object 3D Scene Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04030.pdf)
>  Representing scenes at the granularity of objects is a prerequisite for scene understanding and decision making. We propose a novel approach for learning multi-object 3D scene representations from images. A recurrent encoder regresses a latent representation of 3D shapes, poses and texture of each object from an input RGB image. The 3D shapes are represented continuously in function-space as signed distance functions (SDF) which we efficiently pre-train from example shapes in a supervised way. By differentiable rendering we then train our model to decompose scenes self-supervised from RGB-D images. Our approach learns to decompose images into the constituent objects of the scene and to infer their shape, pose and texture from a single view. We evaluate the accuracy of our model in inferring the 3D scene layout and demonstrate its generative capabilities.      
### 7.Single-Image Camera Response Function Using Prediction Consistency and Gradual Refinement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04009.pdf)
>  A few methods have been proposed to estimate the CRF from a single image, however most of them tend to fail in handling general real images. For instance, EdgeCRF based on patches extracted from colour edges works effectively only when the presence of noise is insignificant, which is not the case for many real images; and, CRFNet, a recent method based on fully supervised deep learning works only for the CRFs that are in the training data, and hence fail to deal with other possible CRFs beyond the training data. To address these problems, we introduce a non-deep-learning method using prediction consistency and gradual refinement. First, we rely more on the patches of the input image that provide more consistent predictions. If the predictions from a patch are more consistent, it means that the patch is likely to be less affected by noise or any inferior colour combinations, and hence, it can be more reliable for CRF estimation. Second, we employ a gradual refinement scheme in which we start from a simple CRF model to generate a result which is more robust to noise but less accurate, and then we gradually increase the model's complexity to improve the estimation. This is because a simple model, while being less accurate, overfits less to noise than a complex model does. Our experiments confirm that our method outperforms the existing single-image methods for both daytime and nighttime real images.      
### 8.Watch, read and lookup: learning to spot signs from multiple supervisors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04002.pdf)
>  The focus of this work is sign spotting - given a video of an isolated sign, our task is to identify whether and where it has been signed in a continuous, co-articulated sign language video. To achieve this sign spotting task, we train a model using multiple types of available supervision by: (1) watching existing sparsely labelled footage; (2) reading associated subtitles (readily available translations of the signed content) which provide additional weak-supervision; (3) looking up words (for which no co-articulated labelled examples are available) in visual sign language dictionaries to enable novel sign spotting. These three tasks are integrated into a unified learning framework using the principles of Noise Contrastive Estimation and Multiple Instance Learning. We validate the effectiveness of our approach on low-shot sign spotting benchmarks. In addition, we contribute a machine-readable British Sign Language (BSL) dictionary dataset of isolated signs, BSLDict, to facilitate study of this task. The dataset, models and code are available at our project page.      
### 9.Unconstrained Text Detection in Manga  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03997.pdf)
>  The detection and recognition of unconstrained text is an open problem in research. Text in comic books has unusual styles that raise many challenges for text detection. This work aims to identify text characters at a pixel level in a comic genre with highly sophisticated text styles: Japanese manga. To overcome the lack of a manga dataset with individual character level annotations, we create our own. Most of the literature in text detection use bounding box metrics, which are unsuitable for pixel-level evaluation. Thus, we implemented special metrics to evaluate performance. Using these resources, we designed and evaluated a deep network model, outperforming current methods for text detection in manga in most metrics.      
### 10.UESegNet: Context Aware Unconstrained ROI Segmentation Networks for Ear Biometric  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03990.pdf)
>  Biometric-based personal authentication systems have seen a strong demand mainly due to the increasing concern in various privacy and security applications. Although the use of each biometric trait is problem dependent, the human ear has been found to have enough discriminating characteristics to allow its use as a strong biometric measure. To locate an ear in a 2D side face image is a challenging task, numerous existing approaches have achieved significant performance, but the majority of studies are based on the constrained environment. However, ear biometrics possess a great level of difficulties in the unconstrained environment, where pose, scale, occlusion, illuminations, background clutter etc. varies to a great extent. To address the problem of ear localization in the wild, we have proposed two high-performance region of interest (ROI) segmentation models UESegNet-1 and UESegNet-2, which are fundamentally based on deep convolutional neural networks and primarily uses contextual information to localize ear in the unconstrained environment. Additionally, we have applied state-of-the-art deep learning models viz; FRCNN (Faster Region Proposal Network) and SSD (Single Shot MultiBox Detecor) for ear localization task. To test the model's generalization, they are evaluated on six different benchmark datasets viz; IITD, IITK, USTB-DB3, UND-E, UND-J2 and UBEAR, all of which contain challenging images. The performance of the models is compared on the basis of object detection performance measure parameters such as IOU (Intersection Over Union), Accuracy, Precision, Recall, and F1-Score. It has been observed that the proposed models UESegNet-1 and UESegNet-2 outperformed the FRCNN and SSD at higher values of IOUs i.e. an accuracy of 100\% is achieved at IOU 0.5 on majority of the databases.      
### 11.A Human Ear Reconstruction Autoencoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03972.pdf)
>  The ear, as an important part of the human head, has received much less attention compared to the human face in the area of computer vision. Inspired by previous work on monocular 3D face reconstruction using an autoencoder structure to achieve self-supervised learning, we aim to utilise such a framework to tackle the 3D ear reconstruction task, where more subtle and difficult curves and features are present on the 2D ear input images. Our Human Ear Reconstruction Autoencoder (HERA) system predicts 3D ear poses and shape parameters for 3D ear meshes, without any supervision to these parameters. To make our approach cover the variance for in-the-wild images, even grayscale images, we propose an in-the-wild ear colour model. The constructed end-to-end self-supervised model is then evaluated both with 2D landmark localisation performance and the appearance of the reconstructed 3D ears.      
### 12.IRX-1D: A Simple Deep Learning Architecture for Remote Sensing Classifications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03902.pdf)
>  We proposes a simple deep learning architecture combining elements of Inception, ResNet and Xception networks. Four new datasets were used for classification with both small and large training samples. Results in terms of classification accuracy suggests improved performance by proposed architecture in comparison to Bayesian optimised 2D-CNN with small training samples. Comparison of results using small training sample with Indiana Pines hyperspectral dataset suggests comparable or better performance by proposed architecture than nine reported works using different deep learning architectures. In spite of achieving high classification accuracy with limited training samples, comparison of classified image suggests different land cover classes are assigned to same area when compared with the classified image provided by the model trained using large training samples with all datasets.      
### 13.BGM: Building a Dynamic Guidance Map without Visual Images for Trajectory Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03897.pdf)
>  Visual images usually contain the informative context of the environment, thereby helping to predict agents' behaviors. However, they hardly impose the dynamic effects on agents' actual behaviors due to the respectively fixed semantics. To solve this problem, we propose a deterministic model named BGM to construct a guidance map to represent the dynamic semantics, which circumvents to use visual images for each agent to reflect the difference of activities in different periods. We first record all agents' activities in the scene within a period close to the current to construct a guidance map and then feed it to a Context CNN to obtain their context features. We adopt a Historical Trajectory Encoder to extract the trajectory features and then combine them with the context feature as the input of the social energy based trajectory decoder, thus obtaining the prediction that meets the social rules. Experiments demonstrate that BGM achieves state-of-the-art prediction accuracy on the two widely used ETH and UCY datasets and handles more complex scenarios.      
### 14.Clinically Verified Hybrid Deep Learning System for Retinal Ganglion Cells Aware Grading of Glaucomatous Progression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03872.pdf)
>  Objective: Glaucoma is the second leading cause of blindness worldwide. Glaucomatous progression can be easily monitored by analyzing the degeneration of retinal ganglion cells (RGCs). Many researchers have screened glaucoma by measuring cup-to-disc ratios from fundus and optical coherence tomography scans. However, this paper presents a novel strategy that pays attention to the RGC atrophy for screening glaucomatous pathologies and grading their severity. Methods: The proposed framework encompasses a hybrid convolutional network that extracts the retinal nerve fiber layer, ganglion cell with the inner plexiform layer and ganglion cell complex regions, allowing thus a quantitative screening of glaucomatous subjects. Furthermore, the severity of glaucoma in screened cases is objectively graded by analyzing the thickness of these regions. Results: The proposed framework is rigorously tested on publicly available Armed Forces Institute of Ophthalmology (AFIO) dataset, where it achieved the F1 score of 0.9577 for diagnosing glaucoma, a mean dice coefficient score of 0.8697 for extracting the RGC regions and an accuracy of 0.9117 for grading glaucomatous progression. Furthermore, the performance of the proposed framework is clinically verified with the markings of four expert ophthalmologists, achieving a statistically significant Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.9236. Conclusion: An automated assessment of RGC degeneration yields better glaucomatous screening and grading as compared to the state-of-the-art solutions. Significance: An RGC-aware system not only screens glaucoma but can also grade its severity and here we present an end-to-end solution that is thoroughly evaluated on a standardized dataset and is clinically validated for analyzing glaucomatous pathologies.      
### 15.Dense Relational Image Captioning via Multi-task Triple-Stream Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03855.pdf)
>  We introduce dense relational captioning, a novel image captioning task which aims to generate multiple captions with respect to relational information between objects in a visual scene. Relational captioning provides explicit descriptions of each relationship between object combinations. This framework is advantageous in both diversity and amount of information, leading to a comprehensive image understanding based on relationships, e.g., relational proposal generation. For relational understanding between objects, the part-of-speech (POS, i.e., subject-object-predicate categories) can be a valuable prior information to guide the causal sequence of words in a caption. We enforce our framework to not only learn to generate captions but also predict the POS of each word. To this end, we propose the multi-task triple-stream network (MTTSNet) which consists of three recurrent units responsible for each POS which is trained by jointly predicting the correct captions and POS for each word. In addition, we found that the performance of MTTSNet can be improved by modulating the object embeddings with an explicit relational module. We demonstrate that our proposed model can generate more diverse and richer captions, via extensive experimental analysis on large scale datasets and several metrics. We additionally extend analysis to an ablation study, applications on holistic image captioning, scene graph generation, and retrieval tasks      
### 16.A Comparative Study on Effects of Original and Pseudo Labels for Weakly Supervised Learning for Car Localization Problem  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03815.pdf)
>  In this study, the effects of different class labels created as a result of multiple conceptual meanings on localization using Weakly Supervised Learning presented on Car Dataset. In addition, the generated labels are included in the comparison, and the solution turned into Unsupervised Learning. This paper investigates multiple setups for car localization in the images with other approaches rather than Supervised Learning. To predict localization labels, Class Activation Mapping (CAM) is implemented and from the results, the bounding boxes are extracted by using morphological edge detection. Besides the original class labels, generated class labels also employed to train CAM on which turn to a solution to Unsupervised Learning example. In the experiments, we first analyze the effects of class labels in Weakly Supervised localization on the Compcars dataset. We then show that the proposed Unsupervised approach outperforms the Weakly Supervised method in this particular dataset by approximately %6.      
### 17.Age and Gender Prediction From Face Images Using Attentional Convolutional Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03791.pdf)
>  Automatic prediction of age and gender from face images has drawn a lot of attention recently, due it is wide applications in various facial analysis problems. However, due to the large intra-class variation of face images (such as variation in lighting, pose, scale, occlusion), the existing models are still behind the desired accuracy level, which is necessary for the use of these models in real-world applications. In this work, we propose a deep learning framework, based on the ensemble of attentional and residual convolutional networks, to predict gender and age group of facial images with high accuracy rate. Using attention mechanism enables our model to focus on the important and informative parts of the face, which can help it to make a more accurate prediction. We train our model in a multi-task learning fashion, and augment the feature embedding of the age classifier, with the predicted gender, and show that doing so can further increase the accuracy of age prediction. Our model is trained on a popular face age and gender dataset, and achieved promising results. Through visualization of the attention maps of the train model, we show that our model has learned to become sensitive to the right regions of the face.      
### 18.DBLFace: Domain-Based Labels for NIR-VIS Heterogeneous Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03771.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based domain-invariant feature learning methods are advancing in near-infrared and visible (NIR-VIS) heterogeneous face recognition. However, these methods are prone to overfitting due to the large intra-class variation and the lack of NIR images for training. In this paper, we introduce Domain-Based Label Face (DBLFace), a learning approach based on the assumption that a subject is not represented by a single label but by a set of labels. Each label represents images of a specific domain. In particular, a set of two labels per subject, one for the NIR images and one for the VIS images, are used for training a NIR-VIS face recognition model. The classification of images into different domains reduces the intra-class variation and lessens the negative impact of data imbalance in training. To train a network with sets of labels, we introduce a domain-based angular margin loss and a maximum angular loss to maintain the inter-class discrepancy and to enforce the close relationship of labels in a set. Quantitative experiments confirm that DBLFace significantly improves the rank-1 identification rate by 6.7% on the EDGE20 dataset and achieves state-of-the-art performance on the CASIA NIR-VIS 2.0 dataset.      
### 19.Generative Autoregressive Ensembles for Satellite Imagery Manipulation Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03758.pdf)
>  Satellite imagery is becoming increasingly accessible due to the growing number of orbiting commercial satellites. Many applications make use of such images: agricultural management, meteorological prediction, damage assessment from natural disasters, or cartography are some of the examples. Unfortunately, these images can be easily tampered and modified with image manipulation tools damaging downstream applications. Because the nature of the manipulation applied to the image is typically unknown, unsupervised methods that don't require prior knowledge of the tampering techniques used are preferred. In this paper, we use ensembles of generative autoregressive models to model the distribution of the pixels of the image in order to detect potential manipulations. We evaluate the performance of the presented approach obtaining accurate localization results compared to previously presented approaches.      
### 20.VisualNews : A Large Multi-source News Image Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03743.pdf)
>  We introduce VisualNews, a large-scale dataset collected from four news agencies consisting of more than one million news images along with associated news articles, image captions, author information, and other metadata. We also propose VisualNews-Captioner, a model for the task of news image captioning. Unlike the standard image captioning task, news images depict situations where people, locations, andevents are of paramount importance. Our proposed method is able to effectively combine visual and textual features to generate captions with richer information such as events and entities. More specifically, we propose an Entity-Aware module along with an Entity-Guide attention layer to encourage more accurate predictions for named entities. Our method achieves new state-of-the-art results on both GoodNews and VisualNews datasets while having significantly fewer parameters than competing methods. Our larger and more diverse VisualNews dataset further highlights the remaining challenges in news image captioning.      
### 21.Decamouflage: A Framework to Detect Image-Scaling Attacks on Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03735.pdf)
>  As an essential processing step in computer vision applications, image resizing or scaling, more specifically downsampling, has to be applied before feeding a normally large image into a convolutional neural network (CNN) model because CNN models typically take small fixed-size images as inputs. However, image scaling functions could be adversarially abused to perform a newly revealed attack called image-scaling attack, which can affect a wide range of computer vision applications building upon image-scaling functions. <br>This work presents an image-scaling attack detection framework, termed as Decamouflage. Decamouflage consists of three independent detection methods: (1) rescaling, (2) filtering/pooling, and (3) steganalysis. While each of these three methods is efficient standalone, they can work in an ensemble manner not only to improve the detection accuracy but also to harden potential adaptive attacks. Decamouflage has a pre-determined detection threshold that is generic. More precisely, as we have validated, the threshold determined from one dataset is also applicable to other different datasets. Extensive experiments show that Decamouflage achieves detection accuracy of 99.9\% and 99.8\% in the white-box (with the knowledge of attack algorithms) and the black-box (without the knowledge of attack algorithms) settings, respectively. To corroborate the efficiency of Decamouflage, we have also measured its run-time overhead on a personal PC with an i5 CPU and found that Decamouflage can detect image-scaling attacks in milliseconds. Overall, Decamouflage can accurately detect image scaling attacks in both white-box and black-box settings with acceptable run-time overhead.      
### 22.Deep Tiered Image Segmentation forDetecting Internal Ice Layers in Radar Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03712.pdf)
>  Understanding the structure of the ice at the Earth's poles is important for modeling how global warming will impact polar ice and, in turn, the Earth's climate. Ground-penetrating radar is able to collect observations of the internal structure of snow and ice, but the process of manually labeling these observations with layer boundaries is slow and laborious. Recent work has developed automatic techniques for finding ice-bed boundaries, but finding internal boundaries is much more challenging because the number of layers is unknown and the layers can disappear, reappear, merge, and split. In this paper, we propose a novel deep neural network-based model for solving a general class of tiered segmentation problems. We then apply it to detecting internal layers in polar ice, and evaluate on a large-scale dataset of polar ice radar data with human-labeled annotations as ground truth.      
### 23.Revisiting Batch Normalization for Improving Corruption Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03630.pdf)
>  Modern deep neural networks (DNN) have demonstrated remarkable success in image recognition tasks when the test dataset and training dataset are from the same distribution. In practical applications, however, this assumption is often not valid and results in performance drop when there is a domain shift. For example, the performance of DNNs trained on clean images has been shown to decrease when the test images have common corruptions, limiting their use in performance-sensitive applications. In this work, we interpret corruption robustness as a domain shift problem and propose to rectify batch normalization (BN) statistics for improving model robustness. This shift from the clean domain to the corruption domain can be interpreted as a style shift that is represented by the BN statistics. Straightforwardly, adapting BN statistics is beneficial for rectifying this style shift. Specifically, we find that simply estimating and adapting the BN statistics on a few (32 for instance) representation samples, without retraining the model, improves the corruption robustness by a large margin on several benchmark datasets with a wide range of model architectures. For example, on ImageNet-C, statistics adaptation improves the top1 accuracy from 40.2% to 49%. Moreover, we find that this technique can further improve state-of-the-art robust models from 59.0% to 63.5%.      
### 24.Infant-ID: Fingerprints for Global Good  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03624.pdf)
>  In many of the least developed and developing countries, a multitude of infants continue to suffer and die from vaccine-preventable diseases and malnutrition. Lamentably, the lack of official identification documentation makes it exceedingly difficult to track which infants have been vaccinated and which infants have received nutritional supplements. Answering these questions could prevent this infant suffering and premature death around the world. To that end, we propose Infant-Prints, an end-to-end, low-cost, infant fingerprint recognition system. Infant-Prints is comprised of our (i) custom built, compact, low-cost (85 USD), high-resolution (1,900 ppi), ergonomic fingerprint reader, and (ii) high-resolution infant fingerprint matcher. To evaluate the efficacy of Infant-Prints, we collected a longitudinal infant fingerprint database captured in 4 different sessions over a 12-month time span (December 2018 to January 2020), from 315 infants at the Saran Ashram Hospital, a charitable hospital in Dayalbagh, Agra, India. Our experimental results demonstrate, for the first time, that Infant-Prints can deliver accurate and reliable recognition (over time) of infants enrolled between the ages of 2-3 months, in time for effective delivery of vaccinations, healthcare, and nutritional supplements (TAR=95.2% @ FAR = 1.0% for infants aged 8-16 weeks at enrollment and authenticated 3 months later).      
### 25.Shape, Illumination, and Reflectance from Shading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03592.pdf)
>  A fundamental problem in computer vision is that of inferring the intrinsic, 3D structure of the world from flat, 2D images of that world. Traditional methods for recovering scene properties such as shape, reflectance, or illumination rely on multiple observations of the same scene to overconstrain the problem. Recovering these same properties from a single image seems almost impossible in comparison -- there are an infinite number of shapes, paint, and lights that exactly reproduce a single image. However, certain explanations are more likely than others: surfaces tend to be smooth, paint tends to be uniform, and illumination tends to be natural. We therefore pose this problem as one of statistical inference, and define an optimization problem that searches for the *most likely* explanation of a single image. Our technique can be viewed as a superset of several classic computer vision problems (shape-from-shading, intrinsic images, color constancy, illumination estimation, etc) and outperforms all previous solutions to those constituent problems.      
### 26.Regularized Compression of MRI Data: Modular Optimization of Joint Reconstruction and Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04065.pdf)
>  The Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) processing chain starts with a critical acquisition stage that provides raw data for reconstruction of images for medical diagnosis. This flow usually includes a near-lossless data compression stage that enables digital storage and/or transmission in binary formats. In this work we propose a framework for joint optimization of the MRI reconstruction and lossy compression, producing compressed representations of medical images that achieve improved trade-offs between quality and bit-rate. Moreover, we demonstrate that lossy compression can even improve the reconstruction quality compared to settings based on lossless compression. Our method has a modular optimization structure, implemented using the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) technique and the state-of-the-art image compression technique (BPG) as a black-box module iteratively applied. This establishes a medical data compression approach compatible with a lossy compression standard of choice. A main novelty of the proposed algorithm is in the total-variation regularization added to the modular compression process, leading to decompressed images of higher quality without any additional processing at/after the decompression stage. Our experiments show that our regularization-based approach for joint MRI reconstruction and compression often achieves significant PSNR gains between 4 to 9 dB at high bit-rates compared to non-regularized solutions of the joint task. Compared to regularization-based solutions, our optimization method provides PSNR gains between 0.5 to 1 dB at high bit-rates, which is the range of interest for medical image compression.      
### 27.A Unified Approach to Interpreting and Boosting Adversarial Transferability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04055.pdf)
>  In this paper, we use the interaction inside adversarial perturbations to explain and boost the adversarial transferability. We discover and prove the negative correlation between the adversarial transferability and the interaction inside adversarial perturbations. The negative correlation is further verified through different DNNs with various inputs. Moreover, this negative correlation can be regarded as a unified perspective to understand current transferability-boosting methods. To this end, we prove that some classic methods of enhancing the transferability essentially decease interactions inside adversarial perturbations. Based on this, we propose to directly penalize interactions during the attacking process, which significantly improves the adversarial transferability.      
### 28.Hierarchical Classification of Pulmonary Lesions: A Large-Scale Radio-Pathomics Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04049.pdf)
>  Diagnosis of pulmonary lesions from computed tomography (CT) is important but challenging for clinical decision making in lung cancer related diseases. Deep learning has achieved great success in computer aided diagnosis (CADx) area for lung cancer, whereas it suffers from label ambiguity due to the difficulty in the radiological diagnosis. Considering that invasive pathological analysis serves as the clinical golden standard of lung cancer diagnosis, in this study, we solve the label ambiguity issue via a large-scale radio-pathomics dataset containing 5,134 radiological CT images with pathologically confirmed labels, including cancers (e.g., invasive/non-invasive adenocarcinoma, squamous carcinoma) and non-cancer diseases (e.g., tuberculosis, hamartoma). This retrospective dataset, named Pulmonary-RadPath, enables development and validation of accurate deep learning systems to predict invasive pathological labels with a non-invasive procedure, i.e., radiological CT scans. A three-level hierarchical classification system for pulmonary lesions is developed, which covers most diseases in cancer-related diagnosis. We explore several techniques for hierarchical classification on this dataset, and propose a Leaky Dense Hierarchy approach with proven effectiveness in experiments. Our study significantly outperforms prior arts in terms of data scales (6x larger), disease comprehensiveness and hierarchies. The promising results suggest the potentials to facilitate precision medicine.      
### 29.Texture-based Presentation Attack Detection for Automatic Speaker Verification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04038.pdf)
>  Biometric systems are nowadays employed across a broad range of applications. They provide high security and efficiency and, in many cases, are user friendly. Despite these and other advantages, biometric systems in general and Automatic speaker verification (ASV) systems in particular can be vulnerable to attack presentations. The most recent ASVSpoof 2019 competition showed that most forms of attacks can be detected reliably with ensemble classifier-based presentation attack detection (PAD) approaches. These, though, depend fundamentally upon the complementarity of systems in the ensemble. With the motivation to increase the generalisability of PAD solutions, this paper reports our exploration of texture descriptors applied to the analysis of speech spectrogram images. In particular, we propose a common fisher vector feature space based on a generative model. Experimental results show the soundness of our approach: at most, 16 in 100 bona fide presentations are rejected whereas only one in 100 attack presentations are accepted.      
### 30.Frequency and Spatial domain based Saliency for Pigmented Skin Lesion Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04022.pdf)
>  Skin lesion segmentation can be rather a challenging task owing to the presence of artifacts, low contrast between lesion and boundary, color variegation, fuzzy skin lesion borders and heterogeneous background in dermoscopy images. In this paper, we propose a simple yet effective saliency-based approach derived in the frequency and spatial domain to detect pigmented skin lesion. Two color models are utilized for the construction of these maps. We suggest a different metric for each color model to design map in the spatial domain via color features. The map in the frequency domain is generated from aggregated images. We adopt a separate fusion scheme to combine salient features in their respective domains. Finally, two-phase saliency integration scheme is devised to combine these maps using pixelwise multiplication. Performance of the proposed method is assessed on PH2 and ISIC 2016 datasets. The outcome of the experiments suggests that the proposed scheme generate better segmentation result as compared to state-of-the-art methods.      
### 31.Spatially-Variant CNN-based Point Spread Function Estimation for Blind Deconvolution and Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04011.pdf)
>  Optical microscopy is an essential tool in biology and medicine. Imaging thin, yet non-flat objects in a single shot (without relying on more sophisticated sectioning setups) remains challenging as the shallow depth of field that comes with high-resolution microscopes leads to unsharp image regions and makes depth localization and quantitative image interpretation difficult. <br>Here, we present a method that improves the resolution of light microscopy images of such objects by locally estimating image distortion while jointly estimating object distance to the focal plane. Specifically, we estimate the parameters of a spatially-variant Point-Spread function (PSF) model using a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), which does not require instrument- or object-specific calibration. Our method recovers PSF parameters from the image itself with up to a squared Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.99 in ideal conditions, while remaining robust to object rotation, illumination variations, or photon noise. When the recovered PSFs are used with a spatially-variant and regularized Richardson-Lucy deconvolution algorithm, we observed up to 2.1 dB better signal-to-noise ratio compared to other blind deconvolution techniques. Following microscope-specific calibration, we further demonstrate that the recovered PSF model parameters permit estimating surface depth with a precision of 2 micrometers and over an extended range when using engineered PSFs. Our method opens up multiple possibilities for enhancing images of non-flat objects with minimal need for a priori knowledge about the optical setup.      
### 32.Tractography filtering using autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04007.pdf)
>  Current brain white matter fiber tracking techniques show a number of problems, including: generating large proportions of streamlines that do not accurately describe the underlying anatomy; extracting streamlines that are not supported by the underlying diffusion signal; and under-representing some fiber populations, among others. In this paper, we describe a novel unsupervised learning method to filter streamlines from diffusion MRI tractography, and hence, to obtain more reliable tractograms. <br>We show that a convolutional neural network autoencoder provides a straightforward and elegant way to learn a robust representation of brain streamlines, which can be used to filter undesired samples with a nearest neighbor algorithm. Our method, dubbed FINTA (Filtering in Tractography using Autoencoders) comes with several key advantages: training does not need labeled data, as it uses raw tractograms, it is fast and easily reproducible, it does not rely on the input diffusion MRI data, and thus, does not suffer from domain adaptation issues. We demonstrate the ability of FINTA to discriminate between "plausible" and "implausible" streamlines as well as to recover individual streamline group instances from a raw tractogram, from both synthetic and real human brain diffusion MRI tractography data, including partial tractograms. Results reveal that FINTA has a superior filtering performance compared to state-of-the-art methods. <br>Together, this work brings forward a new deep learning framework in tractography based on autoencoders, and shows how it can be applied for filtering purposes. It sets the foundations for opening up new prospects towards more accurate and robust tractometry and connectivity diffusion MRI analyses, which may ultimately lead to improve the imaging of the white matter anatomy.      
### 33.Free annotated data for deep learning in microscopy? A hitchhiker's guide  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03988.pdf)
>  In microscopy, the time burden and cost of acquiring and annotating large datasets that many deep learning models take as a prerequisite, often appears to make these methods impractical. Can this requirement for annotated data be relaxed? Is it possible to borrow the knowledge gathered from datasets in other application fields and leverage it for microscopy? Here, we aim to provide an overview of methods that have recently emerged to successfully train learning-based methods in bio-microscopy.      
### 34.A Brief Review of Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03978.pdf)
>  Classical machine learning assumes that the training and test sets come from the same distributions. Therefore, a model learned from the labeled training data is expected to perform well on the test data. However, This assumption may not always hold in real-world applications where the training and the test data fall from different distributions, due to many factors, e.g., collecting the training and test sets from different sources, or having an out-dated training set due to the change of data over time. In this case, there would be a discrepancy across domain distributions, and naively applying the trained model on the new dataset may cause degradation in the performance. Domain adaptation is a sub-field within machine learning that aims to cope with these types of problems by aligning the disparity between domains such that the trained model can be generalized into the domain of interest. This paper focuses on unsupervised domain adaptation, where the labels are only available in the source domain. It addresses the categorization of domain adaptation from different viewpoints. Besides, It presents some successful shallow and deep domain adaptation approaches that aim to deal with domain adaptation problems.      
### 35.Synthesising clinically realistic Chest X-rays using Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03975.pdf)
>  Chest x-rays are one of the most commonly performed medical investigations globally and are vital to identifying a number of conditions. These images are however protected under patient confidentiality and as such require the removal of identifying information as well as ethical clearance to be released. Generative adversarial networks (GANs) are a branch of deep learning which are capable of producing synthetic samples of a desired distribution. Image generation is one such application with recent advances enabling the production of high-resolution images, a feature vital to the utility of x-rays given the scale of various pathologies. We apply the Progressive Growing GAN (PGGAN) to the task of chest x-ray generation with the goal of being able to produce images without any ethical concerns that may be used for medical education or in other machine learning work. We evaluate the properties of the generated x-rays with a practicing radiologist and demonstrate that high-quality, realistic images can be produced with global features consistent with pathologies seen in the NIH dataset. Improvements in the reproduction of small-scale details remains for future work. We train a classification model on the NIH images and evaluate the distribution of disease labels across the generated samples. We find that the model is capable of reproducing all the abnormalities in a similar proportion to the source image distribution as labelled by the classifier. We additionally demonstrate that the latent space can be optimised to produce images of a particular class despite unconditional training, with the model producing related features and complications for the class of interest. We also validate the application of the Fr'echet Inception Distance (FID) to x-ray images and determine that the PGGAN reproduces x-ray images with an FID of 8.02, which is similar to other high resolution tasks.      
### 36.High Definition image classification in Geoscience using Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03965.pdf)
>  High Definition (HD) digital photos taken with drones are widely used in the study of Geoscience. However, blurry images are often taken in collected data, and it takes a lot of time and effort to distinguish clear images from blurry ones. In this work, we apply Machine learning techniques, such as Support Vector Machine (SVM) and Neural Network (NN) to classify HD images in Geoscience as clear and blurry, and therefore automate data cleaning in Geoscience. We compare the results of classification based on features abstracted from several mathematical models. Some of the implementation of our machine learning tool is freely available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zachgolden/geoai" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 37.Improve Adversarial Robustness via Weight Penalization on Classification Layer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03844.pdf)
>  It is well-known that deep neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial attacks. Recent studies show that well-designed classification parts can lead to better robustness. However, there is still much space for improvement along this line. In this paper, we first prove that, from a geometric point of view, the robustness of a neural network is equivalent to some angular margin condition of the classifier weights. We then explain why ReLU type function is not a good choice for activation under this framework. These findings reveal the limitations of the existing approaches and lead us to develop a novel light-weight-penalized defensive method, which is simple and has a good scalability. Empirical results on multiple benchmark datasets demonstrate that our method can effectively improve the robustness of the network without requiring too much additional computation, while maintaining a high classification precision for clean data.      
### 38.ALFWorld: Aligning Text and Embodied Environments for Interactive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03768.pdf)
>  Given a simple request (e.g., Put a washed apple in the kitchen fridge), humans can reason in purely abstract terms by imagining action sequences and scoring their likelihood of success, prototypicality, and efficiency, all without moving a muscle. Once we see the kitchen in question, we can update our abstract plans to fit the scene. Embodied agents require the same abilities, but existing work does not yet provide the infrastructure necessary for both reasoning abstractly and executing concretely. We address this limitation by introducing ALFWorld, a simulator that enables agents to learn abstract, text-based policies in TextWorld (Ct et al., 2018) and then execute goals from the ALFRED benchmark (Shridhar et al., 2020) in a rich visual environment. ALFWorld enables the creation of a new BUTLER agent whose abstract knowledge, learned in TextWorld, corresponds directly to concrete, visually grounded actions. In turn, as we demonstrate empirically, this fosters better agent generalization than training only in the visually grounded environment. BUTLER's simple, modular design factors the problem to allow researchers to focus on models for improving every piece of the pipeline (language understanding, planning, navigation, visual scene understanding, and so forth).      
### 39.Bone Feature Segmentation in Ultrasound Spine Image with Robustness to Speckle and Regular Occlusion Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03740.pdf)
>  3D ultrasound imaging shows great promise for scoliosis diagnosis thanks to its low-costing, radiation-free and real-time characteristics. The key to accessing scoliosis by ultrasound imaging is to accurately segment the bone area and measure the scoliosis degree based on the symmetry of the bone features. The ultrasound images tend to contain many speckles and regular occlusion noise which is difficult, tedious and time-consuming for experts to find out the bony feature. In this paper, we propose a robust bone feature segmentation method based on the U-net structure for ultrasound spine Volume Projection Imaging (VPI) images. The proposed segmentation method introduces a total variance loss to reduce the sensitivity of the model to small-scale and regular occlusion noise. The proposed approach improves 2.3% of Dice score and 1% of AUC score as compared with the u-net model and shows high robustness to speckle and regular occlusion noise.      
### 40.3D Convolutional Sequence to Sequence Model for Vertebral Compression Fractures Identification in CT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03739.pdf)
>  An osteoporosis-related fracture occurs every three seconds worldwide, affecting one in three women and one in five men aged over 50. The early detection of at-risk patients facilitates effective and well-evidenced preventative interventions, reducing the incidence of major osteoporotic fractures. In this study, we present an automatic system for identification of vertebral compression fractures on Computed Tomography images, which are often an undiagnosed precursor to major osteoporosis-related fractures. The system integrates a compact 3D representation of the spine, utilizing a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) for spinal cord detection and a novel end-to-end sequence to sequence 3D architecture. We evaluate several model variants that exploit different representation and classification approaches and present a framework combining an ensemble of models that achieves state of the art results, validated on a large data set, with a patient-level fracture identification of 0.955 Area Under the Curve (AUC). The system proposed has the potential to support osteoporosis clinical management, improve treatment pathways, and to change the course of one of the most burdensome diseases of our generation.      
### 41.A Critique of Self-Expressive Deep Subspace Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03697.pdf)
>  Subspace clustering is an unsupervised clustering technique designed to cluster data that is supported on a union of linear subspaces, with each subspace defining a cluster with dimension lower than the ambient space. Many existing formulations for this problem are based on exploiting the self-expressive property of linear subspaces, where any point within a subspace can be represented as linear combination of other points within the subspace. To extend this approach to data supported on a union of non-linear manifolds, numerous studies have proposed learning an appropriate kernel embedding of the original data using a neural network, which is regularized by a self-expressive loss function on the data in the embedded space to encourage a union of linear subspaces prior on the data in the embedded space. Here we show that there are a number of potential flaws with this approach which have not been adequately addressed in prior work. In particular, we show the model formulation is often ill-posed in multiple ways, which can lead to a degenerate embedding of the data, which need not correspond to a union of subspaces at all. We validate our theoretical results experimentally and additionally repeat prior experiments reported in the literature, where we conclude that a significant portion of the previously claimed performance benefits can be attributed to an ad-hoc post processing step rather than the clustering model.      
### 42.Towards Understanding Sample Variance in Visually Grounded Language Generation: Evaluations and Observations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03644.pdf)
>  A major challenge in visually grounded language generation is to build robust benchmark datasets and models that can generalize well in real-world settings. To do this, it is critical to ensure that our evaluation protocols are correct, and benchmarks are reliable. In this work, we set forth to design a set of experiments to understand an important but often ignored problem in visually grounded language generation: given that humans have different utilities and visual attention, how will the sample variance in multi-reference datasets affect the models' performance? Empirically, we study several multi-reference datasets and corresponding vision-and-language tasks. We show that it is of paramount importance to report variance in experiments; that human-generated references could vary drastically in different datasets/tasks, revealing the nature of each task; that metric-wise, CIDEr has shown systematically larger variances than others. Our evaluations on reference-per-instance shed light on the design of reliable datasets in the future.      
### 43.pymia: A Python package for data handling and evaluation in deep learning-based medical image analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03639.pdf)
>  Background and Objective: Deep learning enables tremendous progress in medical image analysis. One driving force of this progress are open-source frameworks like TensorFlow and PyTorch. However, these frameworks rarely address issues specific to the domain of medical image analysis, such as 3-D data handling and distance metrics for evaluation. pymia, an open-source Python package, tries to address these issues by providing flexible data handling and evaluation independent of the deep learning framework. <br>Methods: The pymia package provides data handling and evaluation functionalities. The data handling allows flexible medical image handling in every commonly used format (e.g., 2-D, 2.5-D, and 3-D; full- or patch-wise). Even data beyond images like demographics or clinical reports can easily be integrated into deep learning pipelines. The evaluation allows stand-alone result calculation and reporting, as well as performance monitoring during training using a vast amount of domain-specific metrics for segmentation, reconstruction, and regression. <br>Results: The pymia package is highly flexible, allows for fast prototyping, and reduces the burden of implementing data handling routines and evaluation methods. While data handling and evaluation are independent of the deep learning framework used, they can easily be integrated into TensorFlow and PyTorch pipelines. The developed package was successfully used in a variety of research projects for segmentation, reconstruction, and regression. <br>Conclusions: The pymia package fills the gap of current deep learning frameworks regarding data handling and evaluation in medical image analysis. It is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rundherum/pymia" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> and can directly be installed from the Python Package Index using pip install pymia.      
