# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 27 Oct 2020
### 1.GreedyFool: Distortion-Aware Sparse Adversarial Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13773.pdf)
>  Modern deep neural networks(DNNs) are vulnerable to adversarial samples. Sparse adversarial samples are a special branch of adversarial samples that can fool the target model by only perturbing a few pixels. The existence of the sparse adversarial attack points out that DNNs are much more vulnerable than people believed, which is also a new aspect for analyzing DNNs. However, current sparse adversarial attack methods still have some shortcomings on both sparsity and invisibility. In this paper, we propose a novel two-stage distortion-aware greedy-based method dubbed as “GreedyFool". Specifically, it first selects the most effective candidate positions to modify by considering both the gradient(for adversary) and the distortion map(for invisibility), then drops some less important points in the reduce stage. Experiments demonstrate that compared with the start-of-the-art method, we only need to modify $3\times$ fewer pixels under the same sparse perturbation setting. For target attack, the success rate of our method is 9.96\% higher than the start-of-the-art method under the same pixel budget. Code can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/LightDXY/GreedyFool" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.GAN Mask R-CNN:Instance semantic segmentation benefits from generativeadversarial networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13757.pdf)
>  In designing instance segmentation ConvNets that reconstruct masks, segmentation is often taken as its literal definition -- assigning label to every pixel -- for defining the loss functions. That is, using losses that compute the difference between pixels in the predicted (reconstructed) mask and the ground truth mask -- a template matching mechanism. However, any such instance segmentation ConvNet is a generator, so we can lay the problem of predicting masks as a GANs game framework: We can think the ground truth mask is drawn from the true distribution, and a ConvNet like Mask R-CNN is an implicit model that infers the true distribution. Then, designing a discriminator in front of this generator will close the loop of GANs concept and more importantly obtains a loss that is trained not hand-designed. We show this design outperforms the baseline when trying on, without extra settings, several different domains: cellphone recycling, autonomous driving, large-scale object detection, and medical glands. Further, we observe in general GANs yield masks that account for better boundaries, clutter, and small details.      
### 3.Handgun detection using combined human pose and weapon appearance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13753.pdf)
>  CCTV surveillance systems are essential nowadays to prevent and mitigate security threats or dangerous situations such as mass shootings or terrorist attacks, in which early detection is crucial. These solutions are manually supervised by a security operator, which has significant limitations. Novel deep learning-based methods have allowed to develop automatic and real time weapon detectors with promising results. However, these approaches are based on visual weapon appearance only and no additional contextual information is exploited. For handguns, body pose may be a useful cue, especially in cases where the gun is barely visible and also as a way to reduce false positives. In this work, a novel method is proposed to combine in a single architecture both weapon appearance and 2D human pose information. First, pose keypoints are estimated to extract hand regions and generate binary pose images, which are the model inputs. Then, each input is processed with a different subnetwork to extract two feature maps. Finally, this information is combined to produce the hand region prediction (handgun vs no-handgun). A new dataset composed of samples collected from different sources has been used to evaluate model performance under different situations. Moreover, the robustness of the model to different brightness and weapon size conditions (simulating conditions in which appearance is degraded by low light and distance to the camera) have also been tested. Results obtained show that the combined model improves overall performance substantially with respect to appearance alone as used by other popular methods such as YOLOv3.      
### 4.Demo Abstract: Indoor Positioning System in Visually-Degraded Environments with Millimetre-Wave Radar and Inertial Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13750.pdf)
>  Positional estimation is of great importance in the public safety sector. Emergency responders such as fire fighters, medical rescue teams, and the police will all benefit from a resilient positioning system to deliver safe and effective emergency services. Unfortunately, satellite navigation (e.g., GPS) offers limited coverage in indoor environments. It is also not possible to rely on infrastructure based solutions. To this end, wearable sensor-aided navigation techniques, such as those based on camera and Inertial Measurement Units (IMU), have recently emerged recently as an accurate, infrastructure-free solution. Together with an increase in the computational capabilities of mobile devices, motion estimation can be performed in real-time. In this demonstration, we present a real-time indoor positioning system which fuses millimetre-wave (mmWave) radar and IMU data via deep sensor fusion. We employ mmWave radar rather than an RGB camera as it provides better robustness to visual degradation (e.g., smoke, darkness, etc.) while at the same time requiring lower computational resources to enable runtime computation. We implemented the sensor system on a handheld device and a mobile computer running at 10 FPS to track a user inside an apartment. Good accuracy and resilience were exhibited even in poorly illuminated scenes.      
### 5.ActiveNet: A computer-vision based approach to determine lethargy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13714.pdf)
>  The outbreak of COVID-19 has forced everyone to stay indoors, fabricating a significant drop in physical activeness. Our work is constructed upon the idea to formulate a backbone mechanism, to detect levels of activeness in real-time, using a single monocular image of a target person. The scope can be generalized under many applications, be it in an interview, online classes, security surveillance, et cetera. We propose a Computer Vision based multi-stage approach, wherein the pose of a person is first detected, encoded with a novel approach, and then assessed by a classical machine learning algorithm to determine the level of activeness. An alerting system is wrapped around the approach to provide a solution to inhibit lethargy by sending notification alerts to individuals involved.      
### 6.Distributed Multi-Target Tracking in Camera Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13701.pdf)
>  Most recent works on multi-target tracking with multiple cameras focus on centralized systems. In contrast, this paper presents a multi-target tracking approach implemented in a distributed camera network. The advantages of distributed systems lie in lighter communication management, greater robustness to failures and local decision making. On the other hand, data association and information fusion are more challenging than in a centralized setup, mostly due to the lack of global and complete information. The proposed algorithm boosts the benefits of the Distributed-Consensus Kalman Filter with the support of a re-identification network and a distributed tracker manager module to facilitate consistent information. These techniques complement each other and facilitate the cross-camera data association in a simple and effective manner. We evaluate the whole system with known public data sets under different conditions demonstrating the advantages of combining all the modules. In addition, we compare our algorithm to some existing centralized tracking methods, outperforming their behavior in terms of accuracy and bandwidth usage.      
### 7.Face Frontalization Based on Robustly Fitting a Deformable Shape Model to 3D Landmarks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13676.pdf)
>  Face frontalization consists of synthesizing a frontally-viewed face from an arbitrarily-viewed one. The main contribution of this paper is a robust face alignment method that enables pixel-to-pixel warping. The method simultaneously estimates the \textit{rigid transformation} (scale, rotation, and translation) and the \textit{non-rigid deformation} between two 3D point sets: a set of 3D landmarks extracted from an arbitrary-viewed face, and a set of 3D landmarks parameterized by a frontally-viewed deformable face model. An important merit of the proposed method is its ability to deal both with noise (small perturbations) and with outliers (large errors). We propose to model inliers and outliers with the generalized Student's t-probability distribution function -- a heavy-tailed distribution that is immune to non-Gaussian errors in the data. We describe in detail the associated expectation-maximization (EM) algorithm that alternates between the estimation of (i)~the rigid parameters, (ii)~the deformation parameters, and (iii)~ the t-distribution parameters. We also propose to use the \textit{zero-mean normalized cross-correlation}, between a frontalized face and the corresponding ground-truth frontally-viewed face, to evaluate the performance of frontalization. To this end, we use a dataset that contains pairs of profile-viewed and frontally-viewed faces. This evaluation, based on direct image-to-image comparison, stands in contrast with indirect evaluation, based on analyzing the effect of frontalization on face recognition.      
### 8.SCFusion: Real-time Incremental Scene Reconstruction with Semantic Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13662.pdf)
>  Real-time scene reconstruction from depth data inevitably suffers from occlusion, thus leading to incomplete 3D models. Partial reconstructions, in turn, limit the performance of algorithms that leverage them for applications in the context of, e.g., augmented reality, robotic navigation, and 3D mapping. Most methods address this issue by predicting the missing geometry as an offline optimization, thus being incompatible with real-time applications. We propose a framework that ameliorates this issue by performing scene reconstruction and semantic scene completion jointly in an incremental and real-time manner, based on an input sequence of depth maps. Our framework relies on a novel neural architecture designed to process occupancy maps and leverages voxel states to accurately and efficiently fuse semantic completion with the 3D global model. We evaluate the proposed approach quantitatively and qualitatively, demonstrating that our method can obtain accurate 3D semantic scene completion in real-time.      
### 9.Fewer is More: A Deep Graph Metric Learning Perspective Using Fewer Proxies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13636.pdf)
>  Deep metric learning plays a key role in various machine learning tasks. Most of the previous works have been confined to sampling from a mini-batch, which cannot precisely characterize the global geometry of the embedding space. Although researchers have developed proxy- and classification-based methods to tackle the sampling issue, those methods inevitably incur a redundant computational cost. In this paper, we propose a novel Proxy-based deep Graph Metric Learning (ProxyGML) approach from the perspective of graph classification, which uses fewer proxies yet achieves better comprehensive performance. Specifically, multiple global proxies are leveraged to collectively approximate the original data points for each class. To efficiently capture local neighbor relationships, a small number of such proxies are adaptively selected to construct similarity subgraphs between these proxies and each data point. Further, we design a novel reverse label propagation algorithm, by which the neighbor relationships are adjusted according to ground-truth labels, so that a discriminative metric space can be learned during the process of subgraph classification. Extensive experiments carried out on widely-used CUB-200-2011, Cars196, and Stanford Online Products datasets demonstrate the superiority of the proposed ProxyGML over the state-of-the-art methods in terms of both effectiveness and efficiency. The source code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/YuehuaZhu/ProxyGML" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.Classification of Important Segments in Educational Videos using Multimodal Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13626.pdf)
>  Videos are a commonly-used type of content in learning during Web search. Many e-learning platforms provide quality content, but sometimes educational videos are long and cover many topics. Humans are good in extracting important sections from videos, but it remains a significant challenge for computers. In this paper, we address the problem of assigning importance scores to video segments, that is how much information they contain with respect to the overall topic of an educational video. We present an annotation tool and a new dataset of annotated educational videos collected from popular online learning platforms. Moreover, we propose a multimodal neural architecture that utilizes state-of-the-art audio, visual and textual features. Our experiments investigate the impact of visual and temporal information, as well as the combination of multimodal features on importance prediction.      
### 11.SHARP 2020: The 1st Shape Recovery from Partial Textured 3D Scans Challenge Results  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13508.pdf)
>  The SHApe Recovery from Partial textured 3D scans challenge, SHARP 2020, is the first edition of a challenge fostering and benchmarking methods for recovering complete textured 3D scans from raw incomplete data. SHARP 2020 is organised as a workshop in conjunction with ECCV 2020. There are two complementary challenges, the first one on 3D human scans, and the second one on generic objects. Challenge 1 is further split into two tracks, focusing, first, on large body and clothing regions, and, second, on fine body details. A novel evaluation metric is proposed to quantify jointly the shape reconstruction, the texture reconstruction and the amount of completed data. Additionally, two unique datasets of 3D scans are proposed, to provide raw ground-truth data for the benchmarks. The datasets are released to the scientific community. Moreover, an accompanying custom library of software routines is also released to the scientific community. It allows for processing 3D scans, generating partial data and performing the evaluation. Results of the competition, analysed in comparison to baselines, show the validity of the proposed evaluation metrics, and highlight the challenging aspects of the task and of the datasets. Details on the SHARP 2020 challenge can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://cvi2.uni.lu/sharp2020/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.Hierarchical Neural Architecture Search for Deep Stereo Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13501.pdf)
>  To reduce the human efforts in neural network design, Neural Architecture Search (NAS) has been applied with remarkable success to various high-level vision tasks such as classification and semantic segmentation. The underlying idea for the NAS algorithm is straightforward, namely, to enable the network the ability to choose among a set of operations (e.g., convolution with different filter sizes), one is able to find an optimal architecture that is better adapted to the problem at hand. However, so far the success of NAS has not been enjoyed by low-level geometric vision tasks such as stereo matching. This is partly due to the fact that state-of-the-art deep stereo matching networks, designed by humans, are already sheer in size. Directly applying the NAS to such massive structures is computationally prohibitive based on the currently available mainstream computing resources. In this paper, we propose the first end-to-end hierarchical NAS framework for deep stereo matching by incorporating task-specific human knowledge into the neural architecture search framework. Specifically, following the gold standard pipeline for deep stereo matching (i.e., feature extraction -- feature volume construction and dense matching), we optimize the architectures of the entire pipeline jointly. Extensive experiments show that our searched network outperforms all state-of-the-art deep stereo matching architectures and is ranked at the top 1 accuracy on KITTI stereo 2012, 2015 and Middlebury benchmarks, as well as the top 1 on SceneFlow dataset with a substantial improvement on the size of the network and the speed of inference. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/XuelianCheng/LEAStereo" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.Activation Map Adaptation for Effective Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13500.pdf)
>  Model compression becomes a recent trend due to the requirement of deploying neural networks on embedded and mobile devices. Hence, both accuracy and efficiency are of critical importance. To explore a balance between them, a knowledge distillation strategy is proposed for general visual representation learning. It utilizes our well-designed activation map adaptive module to replace some blocks of the teacher network, exploring the most appropriate supervisory features adaptively during the training process. Using the teacher's hidden layer output to prompt the student network to train so as to transfer effective semantic <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://information.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> verify the effectiveness of our strategy, this paper applied our method to cifar-10 dataset. Results demonstrate that the method can boost the accuracy of the student network by 0.6% with 6.5% loss reduction, and significantly improve its training speed.      
### 14.A Centroid Loss for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation in Quality Control and Inspection Application  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13433.pdf)
>  Process automation has enabled a level of accuracy and productivity that goes beyond human ability, and one critical area where automation is making a huge difference is the machine vision system. In this paper, a semantic segmentation solution is proposed for two scenes. One is the inspection intended for vessel corrosion detection, and the other is a detection system used to assist quality control on the surgery toolboxes prepared by the sterilization unit of a hospital. In order to reduce the time required to prepare pixel-level ground truth, this work focuses on the use of weakly supervised annotations (scribbles). Moreover, our solution integrates a clustering approach into a semantic segmentation network, thus reducing the negative effects caused by weakly supervised annotations. To evaluate the performance of our approach, two datasets are collected from the real world (vessels' structure and hospital surgery toolboxes) for both training and validation. According to the result of analysis, the approach proposed in this paper produce a satisfactory performance on two datasets through the use of weak annotations.      
### 15.Multi-object tracking with self-supervised associating network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13424.pdf)
>  Multi-Object Tracking (MOT) is the task that has a lot of potential for development, and there are still many problems to be solved. In the traditional tracking by detection paradigm, There has been a lot of work on feature based object re-identification methods. However, this method has a lack of training data problem. For labeling multi-object tracking dataset, every detection in a video sequence need its location and IDs. Since assigning consecutive IDs to each detection in every sequence is a very labor-intensive task, current multi-object tracking dataset is not sufficient enough to train re-identification network. So in this paper, we propose a novel self-supervised learning method using a lot of short videos which has no human labeling, and improve the tracking performance through the re-identification network trained in the self-supervised manner to solve the lack of training data problem. Despite the re-identification network is trained in a self-supervised manner, it achieves the state-of-the-art performance of MOTA 62.0\% and IDF1 62.6\% on the MOT17 test benchmark. Furthermore, the performance is improved as much as learned with a large amount of data, it shows the potential of self-supervised method.      
### 16.Lane detection in complex scenes based on end-to-end neural network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13422.pdf)
>  The lane detection is a key problem to solve the division of derivable areas in unmanned driving, and the detection accuracy of lane lines plays an important role in the decision-making of vehicle driving. Scenes faced by vehicles in daily driving are relatively complex. Bright light, insufficient light, and crowded vehicles will bring varying degrees of difficulty to lane detection. So we combine the advantages of spatial convolution in spatial information processing and the efficiency of ERFNet in semantic segmentation, propose an end-to-end network to lane detection in a variety of complex scenes. And we design the information exchange block by combining spatial convolution and dilated convolution, which plays a great role in understanding detailed information. Finally, our network was tested on the CULane database and its F1-measure with IOU threshold of 0.5 can reach 71.9%.      
### 17.Residual Recurrent CRNN for End-to-End Optical Music Recognition on Monophonic Scores  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13418.pdf)
>  Optical Music Recognition is a field that attempts to extract digital information from images of either the printed music scores or the handwritten music scores. One of the challenges of the Optical Music Recognition task is to transcript the symbols of the camera-captured images into digital music notations. Previous end-to-end model, based on deep learning, was developed as a Convolutional Recurrent Neural Network. However, it does not explore sufficient contextual information from full scales and there is still a large room for improvement. In this paper, we propose an innovative end-to-end framework that combines a block of Residual Recurrent Convolutional Neural Network with a recurrent Encoder-Decoder network to map a sequence of monophonic music symbols corresponding to the notations present in the image. The Residual Recurrent Convolutional block can improve the ability of the model to enrich the context information while the number of parameter will not be increasing. The experiment results were benchmarked against a publicly available dataset called CAMERA-PRIMUS. We evaluate the performances of our model on both the images with ideal conditions and that with non-ideal conditions. The experiments show that our approach surpass the state-of-the-art end-to-end method using Convolutional Recurrent Neural Network.      
### 18.Flexible Piecewise Curves Estimation for Photo Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13412.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new method, called FlexiCurve, for photo enhancement. Unlike most existing methods that perform image-to-image mapping, which requires expensive pixel-wise reconstruction, FlexiCurve takes an input image and estimates global curves to adjust the image. The adjustment curves are specially designed for performing piecewise mapping, taking nonlinear adjustment and differentiability into account. To cope with challenging and diverse illumination properties in real-world images, FlexiCurve is formulated as a multi-task framework to produce diverse estimations and the associated confidence maps. These estimations are adaptively fused to improve local enhancements of different regions. Thanks to the image-to-curve formulation, for an image with a size of 512*512*3, FlexiCurve only needs a lightweight network (150K trainable parameters) and it has a fast inference speed (83FPS on a single NVIDIA 2080Ti GPU). The proposed method improves efficiency without compromising the enhancement quality and losing details in the original image. The method is also appealing as it is not limited to paired training data, thus it can flexibly learn rich enhancement styles from unpaired data. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance on photo enhancement quantitively and qualitatively.      
### 19.Video-based Facial Expression Recognition using Graph Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13386.pdf)
>  Facial expression recognition (FER), aiming to classify the expression present in the facial image or video, has attracted a lot of research interests in the field of artificial intelligence and multimedia. In terms of video based FER task, it is sensible to capture the dynamic expression variation among the frames to recognize facial expression. However, existing methods directly utilize CNN-RNN or 3D CNN to extract the spatial-temporal features from different facial units, instead of concentrating on a certain region during expression variation capturing, which leads to limited performance in FER. In our paper, we introduce a Graph Convolutional Network (GCN) layer into a common CNN-RNN based model for video-based FER. First, the GCN layer is utilized to learn more significant facial expression features which concentrate on certain regions after sharing information between extracted CNN features of nodes. Then, a LSTM layer is applied to learn long-term dependencies among the GCN learned features to model the variation. In addition, a weight assignment mechanism is also designed to weight the output of different nodes for final classification by characterizing the expression intensities in each frame. To the best of our knowledge, it is the first time to use GCN in FER task. We evaluate our method on three widely-used datasets, CK+, Oulu-CASIA and MMI, and also one challenging wild dataset AFEW8.0, and the experimental results demonstrate that our method has superior performance to existing methods.      
### 20.Where to Look and How to Describe: Fashion Image Retrieval with an Attentional Heterogeneous Bilinear Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13357.pdf)
>  Fashion products typically feature in compositions of a variety of styles at different clothing parts. In order to distinguish images of different fashion products, we need to extract both appearance (i.e., "how to describe") and localization (i.e.,"where to look") information, and their interactions. To this end, we propose a biologically inspired framework for image-based fashion product retrieval, which mimics the hypothesized twostream visual processing system of human brain. The proposed attentional heterogeneous bilinear network (AHBN) consists of two branches: a deep CNN branch to extract fine-grained appearance attributes and a fully convolutional branch to extract landmark localization information. A joint channel-wise attention mechanism is further applied to the extracted heterogeneous features to focus on important channels, followed by a compact bilinear pooling layer to model the interaction of the two streams. Our proposed framework achieves satisfactory performance on three image-based fashion product retrieval benchmarks.      
### 21.PSF-LO: Parameterized Semantic Features Based Lidar Odometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13355.pdf)
>  Lidar odometry (LO) is a key technology in numerous reliable and accurate localization and mapping systems of autonomous driving. The state-of-the-art LO methods generally leverage geometric information to perform point cloud registration. Furthermore, obtaining point cloud semantic information which can describe the environment more abundantly will help for the registration. We present a novel semantic lidar odometry method based on self-designed parameterized semantic features (PSFs) to achieve low-drift ego-motion estimation for autonomous vehicle in realtime. We first use a convolutional neural network-based algorithm to obtain point-wise semantics from the input laser point cloud, and then use semantic labels to separate the road, building, traffic sign and pole-like point cloud and fit them separately to obtain corresponding PSFs. A fast PSF-based matching enable us to refine geometric features (GeFs) registration, reducing the impact of blurred submap surface on the accuracy of GeFs matching. Besides, we design an efficient method to accurately recognize and remove the dynamic objects while retaining static ones in the semantic point cloud, which are beneficial to further improve the accuracy of LO. We evaluated our method, namely PSF-LO, on the public dataset KITTI Odometry Benchmark and ranked #1 among semantic lidar methods with an average translation error of 0.82% in the test dataset at the time of writing.      
### 22.Semi supervised segmentation and graph-based tracking of 3D nuclei in time-lapse microscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13343.pdf)
>  We propose a novel weakly supervised method to improve the boundary of the 3D segmented nuclei utilizing an over-segmented image. This is motivated by the observation that current state-of-the-art deep learning methods do not result in accurate boundaries when the training data is weakly annotated. Towards this, a 3D U-Net is trained to get the centroid of the nuclei and integrated with a simple linear iterative clustering (SLIC) supervoxel algorithm that provides better adherence to cluster boundaries. To track these segmented nuclei, our algorithm utilizes the relative nuclei location depicting the processes of nuclei division and apoptosis. The proposed algorithmic pipeline achieves better segmentation performance compared to the state-of-the-art method in Cell Tracking Challenge (CTC) 2019 and comparable performance to state-of-the-art methods in IEEE ISBI CTC2020 while utilizing very few pixel-wise annotated data. Detailed experimental results are provided, and the source code is available on GitHub.      
### 23.EDNet: Improved DispNet for Efficient Disparity Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13338.pdf)
>  Given a pair of rectified images, the goal of stereo matching is to estimate the disparity. We aim at building an efficient network so we exploit the architecture of DispNetC and propose EDNet, a network that takes advantage of both the concatenation cost volume and the correlation volume by forming a combination volume. We further propose the attention-based residual learning module by embedding spatial attention module. Experimental results show that our model outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods on Scene Flow and KITTI datasets while runs significantly faster, demonstrating the effectiveness of our proposed method.      
### 24.Robust Pre-Training by Adversarial Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13337.pdf)
>  Recent work has shown that, when integrated with adversarial training, self-supervised pre-training can lead to state-of-the-art robustness In this work, we improve robustness-aware self-supervised pre-training by learning representations that are consistent under both data augmentations and adversarial perturbations. Our approach leverages a recent contrastive learning framework, which learns representations by maximizing feature consistency under differently augmented views. This fits particularly well with the goal of adversarial robustness, as one cause of adversarial fragility is the lack of feature invariance, i.e., small input perturbations can result in undesirable large changes in features or even predicted labels. We explore various options to formulate the contrastive task, and demonstrate that by injecting adversarial perturbations, contrastive pre-training can lead to models that are both label-efficient and robust. We empirically evaluate the proposed Adversarial Contrastive Learning (ACL) and show it can consistently outperform existing methods. For example on the CIFAR-10 dataset, ACL outperforms the previous state-of-the-art unsupervised robust pre-training approach by 2.99% on robust accuracy and 2.14% on standard accuracy. We further demonstrate that ACL pre-training can improve semi-supervised adversarial training, even when only a few labeled examples are available. Our codes and pre-trained models have been released at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VITA-Group/Adversarial-Contrastive-Learning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.View-Invariant, Occlusion-Robust Probabilistic Embedding for Human Pose  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13321.pdf)
>  Recognition of human poses and activities is crucial for autonomous systems to interact smoothly with people. However, cameras generally capture human poses in 2D as images and videos, which can have significant appearance variations across viewpoints. To address this, we explore recognizing similarity in 3D human body poses from 2D information, which has not been well-studied in existing works. Here, we propose an approach to learning a compact view-invariant embedding space from 2D body joint keypoints, without explicitly predicting 3D poses. Input ambiguities of 2D poses from projection and occlusion are difficult to represent through a deterministic mapping, and therefore we use probabilistic embeddings. In order to enable our embeddings to work with partially visible input keypoints, we further investigate different keypoint occlusion augmentation strategies during training. Experimental results show that our embedding model achieves higher accuracy when retrieving similar poses across different camera views, in comparison with 3D pose estimation models. We further show that keypoint occlusion augmentation during training significantly improves retrieval performance on partial 2D input poses. Results on action recognition and video alignment demonstrate that our embeddings, without any additional training, achieves competitive performance relative to other models specifically trained for each task.      
### 26.Zero-Shot Learning from scratch (ZFS): leveraging local compositional representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13320.pdf)
>  Zero-shot classification is a generalization task where no instance from the target classes is seen during training. To allow for test-time transfer, each class is annotated with semantic information, commonly in the form of attributes or text descriptions. While classical zero-shot learning does not explicitly forbid using information from other datasets, the approaches that achieve the best absolute performance on image benchmarks rely on features extracted from encoders pretrained on Imagenet. This approach relies on hyper-optimized Imagenet-relevant parameters from the supervised classification setting, entangling important questions about the suitability of those parameters and how they were learned with more fundamental questions about representation learning and generalization. To remove these distractors, we propose a more challenging setting: Zero-Shot Learning from scratch (ZFS), which explicitly forbids the use of encoders fine-tuned on other datasets. Our analysis on this setting highlights the importance of local information, and compositional representations.      
### 27.Structural Prior Driven Regularized Deep Learning for Sonar Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13317.pdf)
>  Deep learning has been recently shown to improve performance in the domain of synthetic aperture sonar (SAS) image classification. Given the constant resolution with range of a SAS, it is no surprise that deep learning techniques perform so well. Despite deep learning's recent success, there are still compelling open challenges in reducing the high false alarm rate and enabling success when training imagery is limited, which is a practical challenge that distinguishes the SAS classification problem from standard image classification set-ups where training imagery may be abundant. We address these challenges by exploiting prior knowledge that humans use to grasp the scene. These include unconscious elimination of the image speckle and localization of objects in the scene. We introduce a new deep learning architecture which incorporates these priors with the goal of improving automatic target recognition (ATR) from SAS imagery. Our proposal -- called SPDRDL, Structural Prior Driven Regularized Deep Learning -- incorporates the previously mentioned priors in a multi-task convolutional neural network (CNN) and requires no additional training data when compared to traditional SAS ATR methods. Two structural priors are enforced via regularization terms in the learning of the network: (1) structural similarity prior -- enhanced imagery (often through despeckling) aids human interpretation and is semantically similar to the original imagery and (2) structural scene context priors -- learned features ideally encapsulate target centering information; hence learning may be enhanced via a regularization that encourages fidelity against known ground truth target shifts (relative target position from scene center). Experiments on a challenging real-world dataset reveal that SPDRDL outperforms state-of-the-art deep learning and other competing methods for SAS image classification.      
### 28.AdaFuse: Adaptive Multiview Fusion for Accurate Human Pose Estimation in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13302.pdf)
>  Occlusion is probably the biggest challenge for human pose estimation in the wild. Typical solutions often rely on intrusive sensors such as IMUs to detect occluded joints. To make the task truly unconstrained, we present AdaFuse, an adaptive multiview fusion method, which can enhance the features in occluded views by leveraging those in visible views. The core of AdaFuse is to determine the point-point correspondence between two views which we solve effectively by exploring the sparsity of the heatmap representation. We also learn an adaptive fusion weight for each camera view to reflect its feature quality in order to reduce the chance that good features are undesirably corrupted by ``bad'' views. The fusion model is trained end-to-end with the pose estimation network, and can be directly applied to new camera configurations without additional adaptation. We extensively evaluate the approach on three public datasets including Human3.6M, Total Capture and CMU Panoptic. It outperforms the state-of-the-arts on all of them. We also create a large scale synthetic dataset Occlusion-Person, which allows us to perform numerical evaluation on the occluded joints, as it provides occlusion labels for every joint in the images. The dataset and code are released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhezh/adafuse-3d-human-pose" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.Global Image Segmentation Process using Machine Learning algorithm &amp; Convolution Neural Network method for Self- Driving Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13294.pdf)
>  In autonomous Vehicles technology Image segmentation was a major problem in visual perception. This image segmentation process is mainly used in medical applications. Here we adopted an image segmentation process to visual perception tasks for predicting the agents on the surrounding environment, identifying the road boundaries and tracking the line markings. Main objective of the paper is to divide the input images using the image segmentation process and Convolution Neural Network method for efficient results of visual perception. For Sampling assume a local city data-set samples and validation process done in Jupyter Notebook using Python language. We proposed this image segmentation method planning to standard and further the development of state-of-the art methods for visual inspection system understanding. The experimental results achieves 73% mean IOU. Our method also achieves 90 FPS inference speed and using a NVDIA GeForce GTX 1050 GPU.      
### 30.Attack Agnostic Adversarial Defense via Visual Imperceptible Bound  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13247.pdf)
>  The high susceptibility of deep learning algorithms against structured and unstructured perturbations has motivated the development of efficient adversarial defense algorithms. However, the lack of generalizability of existing defense algorithms and the high variability in the performance of the attack algorithms for different databases raises several questions on the effectiveness of the defense algorithms. In this research, we aim to design a defense model that is robust within a certain bound against both seen and unseen adversarial attacks. This bound is related to the visual appearance of an image, and we termed it as \textit{Visual Imperceptible Bound (VIB)}. To compute this bound, we propose a novel method that uses the database characteristics. The VIB is further used to measure the effectiveness of attack algorithms. The performance of the proposed defense model is evaluated on the MNIST, CIFAR-10, and Tiny ImageNet databases on multiple attacks that include C\&amp;W ($l_2$) and DeepFool. The proposed defense model is not only able to increase the robustness against several attacks but also retain or improve the classification accuracy on an original clean test set. The proposed algorithm is attack agnostic, i.e. it does not require any knowledge of the attack algorithm.      
### 31.MixNet for Generalized Face Presentation Attack Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13246.pdf)
>  The non-intrusive nature and high accuracy of face recognition algorithms have led to their successful deployment across multiple applications ranging from border access to mobile unlocking and digital payments. However, their vulnerability against sophisticated and cost-effective presentation attack mediums raises essential questions regarding its reliability. In the literature, several presentation attack detection algorithms are presented; however, they are still far behind from reality. The major problem with existing work is the generalizability against multiple attacks both in the seen and unseen setting. The algorithms which are useful for one kind of attack (such as print) perform unsatisfactorily for another type of attack (such as silicone masks). In this research, we have proposed a deep learning-based network termed as \textit{MixNet} to detect presentation attacks in cross-database and unseen attack settings. The proposed algorithm utilizes state-of-the-art convolutional neural network architectures and learns the feature mapping for each attack category. Experiments are performed using multiple challenging face presentation attack databases such as SMAD and Spoof In the Wild (SiW-M) databases. Extensive experiments and comparison with existing state of the art algorithms show the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm.      
### 32.Generalized Iris Presentation Attack Detection Algorithm under Cross-Database Settings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13244.pdf)
>  Presentation attacks are posing major challenges to most of the biometric modalities. Iris recognition, which is considered as one of the most accurate biometric modality for person identification, has also been shown to be vulnerable to advanced presentation attacks such as 3D contact lenses and textured lens. While in the literature, several presentation attack detection (PAD) algorithms are presented; a significant limitation is the generalizability against an unseen database, unseen sensor, and different imaging environment. To address this challenge, we propose a generalized deep learning-based PAD network, MVANet, which utilizes multiple representation layers. It is inspired by the simplicity and success of hybrid algorithm or fusion of multiple detection networks. The computational complexity is an essential factor in training deep neural networks; therefore, to reduce the computational complexity while learning multiple feature representation layers, a fixed base model has been used. The performance of the proposed network is demonstrated on multiple databases such as IIITD-WVU MUIPA and IIITD-CLI databases under cross-database training-testing settings, to assess the generalizability of the proposed algorithm.      
### 33.Human or Machine? It Is Not What You Write, But How You Write It  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13231.pdf)
>  Online fraud often involves identity theft. Since most security measures are weak or can be spoofed, we investigate a more nuanced and less explored avenue: behavioral biometrics via handwriting movements. This kind of data can be used to verify whether a user is operating a device or a computer application, so it is important to distinguish between human and machine-generated movements reliably. For this purpose, we study handwritten symbols (isolated characters, digits, gestures, and signatures) produced by humans and machines, and compare and contrast several deep learning models. We find that if symbols are presented as static images, they can fool state-of-the-art classifiers (near 75% accuracy in the best case) but can be distinguished with remarkable accuracy if they are presented as temporal sequences (95% accuracy in the average case). We conclude that an accurate detection of fake movements has more to do with how users write, rather than what they write. Our work has implications for computerized systems that need to authenticate or verify legitimate human users, and provides an additional layer of security to keep attackers at bay.      
### 34.Weakly-Supervised Amodal Instance Segmentation with Compositional Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13175.pdf)
>  Amodal segmentation in biological vision refers to the perception of the entire object when only a fraction is visible. This ability of seeing through occluders and reasoning about occlusion is innate to biological vision but not adequately modeled in current machine vision approaches. A key challenge is that ground-truth supervisions of amodal object segmentation are inherently difficult to obtain. In this paper, we present a neural network architecture that is capable of amodal perception, when weakly supervised with standard (inmodal) bounding box annotations. Our model extends compositional convolutional neural networks (CompositionalNets), which have been shown to be robust to partial occlusion by explicitly representing objects as composition of parts. In particular, we extend CompositionalNets by: 1) Expanding the innate part-voting mechanism in the CompositionalNets to perform instance segmentation; 2) and by exploiting the internal representations of CompositionalNets to enable amodal completion for both bounding box and segmentation mask. Our extensive experiments show that our proposed model can segment amodal masks robustly, with much improved mask prediction qualities compared to state-of-the-art amodal segmentation approaches.      
### 35.Neuron Merging: Compensating for Pruned Neurons  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13160.pdf)
>  Network pruning is widely used to lighten and accelerate neural network models. Structured network pruning discards the whole neuron or filter, leading to accuracy loss. In this work, we propose a novel concept of neuron merging applicable to both fully connected layers and convolution layers, which compensates for the information loss due to the pruned neurons/filters. Neuron merging starts with decomposing the original weights into two matrices/tensors. One of them becomes the new weights for the current layer, and the other is what we name a scaling matrix, guiding the combination of neurons. If the activation function is ReLU, the scaling matrix can be absorbed into the next layer under certain conditions, compensating for the removed neurons. We also propose a data-free and inexpensive method to decompose the weights by utilizing the cosine similarity between neurons. Compared to the pruned model with the same topology, our merged model better preserves the output feature map of the original model; thus, it maintains the accuracy after pruning without fine-tuning. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach over network pruning for various model architectures and datasets. As an example, for VGG-16 on CIFAR-10, we achieve an accuracy of 93.16% while reducing 64% of total parameters, without any fine-tuning. The code can be found here: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/friendshipkim/neuron-merging" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 36.Correspondence Learning via Linearly-invariant Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13136.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a fully differentiable pipeline for estimating accurate dense correspondences between 3D point clouds. The proposed pipeline is an extension and a generalization of the functional maps framework. However, instead of using the Laplace-Beltrami eigenfunctions as done in virtually all previous works in this domain, we demonstrate that learning the basis from data can both improve robustness and lead to better accuracy in challenging settings. We interpret the basis as a learned embedding into a higher dimensional space. Following the functional map paradigm the optimal transformation in this embedding space must be linear and we propose a separate architecture aimed at estimating the transformation by learning optimal descriptor functions. This leads to the first end-to-end trainable functional map-based correspondence approach in which both the basis and the descriptors are learned from data. Interestingly, we also observe that learning a \emph{canonical} embedding leads to worse results, suggesting that leaving an extra linear degree of freedom to the embedding network gives it more robustness, thereby also shedding light onto the success of previous methods. Finally, we demonstrate that our approach achieves state-of-the-art results in challenging non-rigid 3D point cloud correspondence applications.      
### 37.Monocular Depth Estimation via Listwise Ranking using the Plackett-Luce model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13118.pdf)
>  In many real-world applications, the relative depth of objects in an image is crucial for scene understanding, e.g., to calculate occlusions in augmented reality scenes. Predicting depth in monocular images has recently been tackled using machine learning methods, mainly by treating the problem as a regression task. Yet, being interested in an \emph{order relation} in the first place, ranking methods suggest themselves as a natural alternative to regression, and indeed, ranking approaches leveraging pairwise comparisons as training information ("object A is closer to the camera than B") have shown promising performance on this problem. In this paper, we elaborate on the use of so-called \emph{listwise} ranking as a generalization of the pairwise approach. Listwise ranking goes beyond pairwise comparisons between objects and considers rankings of arbitrary length as training information. Our approach is based on the Plackett-Luce model, a probability distribution on rankings, which we combine with a state-of-the-art neural network architecture and a sampling strategy to reduce training complexity. An empirical evaluation on benchmark data in a "zero-shot" setting demonstrates the effectiveness of our proposal compared to existing ranking and regression methods.      
### 38.Empowering Knowledge Distillation via Open Set Recognition for Robust 3D Point Cloud Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13114.pdf)
>  Real-world scenarios pose several challenges to deep learning based computer vision techniques despite their tremendous success in research. Deeper models provide better performance, but are challenging to deploy and knowledge distillation allows us to train smaller models with minimal loss in performance. The model also has to deal with open set samples from classes outside the ones it was trained on and should be able to identify them as unknown samples while classifying the known ones correctly. Finally, most existing image recognition research focuses only on using two-dimensional snapshots of the real world three-dimensional objects. In this work, we aim to bridge these three research fields, which have been developed independently until now, despite being deeply interrelated. We propose a joint Knowledge Distillation and Open Set recognition training methodology for three-dimensional object recognition. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method via various experiments on how it allows us to obtain a much smaller model, which takes a minimal hit in performance while being capable of open set recognition for 3D point cloud data.      
### 39.Scribble-based Weakly Supervised Deep Learning for Road Surface Extraction from Remote Sensing Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13106.pdf)
>  Road surface extraction from remote sensing images using deep learning methods has achieved good performance, while most of the existing methods are based on fully supervised learning, which requires a large amount of training data with laborious per-pixel annotation. In this paper, we propose a scribble-based weakly supervised road surface extraction method named ScRoadExtractor, which learns from easily accessible scribbles such as centerlines instead of densely annotated road surface ground-truths. To propagate semantic information from sparse scribbles to unlabeled pixels, we introduce a road label propagation algorithm which considers both the buffer-based properties of road networks and the color and spatial information of super-pixels. The proposal masks generated from the road label propagation algorithm are utilized to train a dual-branch encoder-decoder network we designed, which consists of a semantic segmentation branch and an auxiliary boundary detection branch. We perform experiments on three diverse road datasets that are comprised of highresolution remote sensing satellite and aerial images across the world. The results demonstrate that ScRoadExtractor exceed the classic scribble-supervised segmentation method by 20% for the intersection over union (IoU) indicator and outperform the state-of-the-art scribble-based weakly supervised methods at least 4%.      
### 40.Coherent Loss: A Generic Framework for Stable Video Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13085.pdf)
>  Video segmentation approaches are of great importance for numerous vision tasks especially in video manipulation for entertainment. Due to the challenges associated with acquiring high-quality per-frame segmentation annotations and large video datasets with different environments at scale, learning approaches shows overall higher accuracy on test dataset but lack strict temporal constraints to self-correct jittering artifacts in most practical applications. We investigate how this jittering artifact degrades the visual quality of video segmentation results and proposed a metric of temporal stability to numerically evaluate it. In particular, we propose a Coherent Loss with a generic framework to enhance the performance of a neural network against jittering artifacts, which combines with high accuracy and high consistency. Equipped with our method, existing video object/semantic segmentation approaches achieve a significant improvement in term of more satisfactory visual quality on video human dataset, which we provide for further research in this field, and also on DAVIS and Cityscape.      
### 41.Fast and Accurate Light Field Saliency Detection through Feature Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13073.pdf)
>  Light field saliency detection---important due to utility in many vision tasks---still lack speed and can improve in accuracy. Due to the formulation of the saliency detection problem in light fields as a segmentation task or a "memorizing" tasks, existing approaches consume unnecessarily large amounts of computational resources for (training and) testing leading to execution times is several seconds. We solve this by aggressively reducing the large light-field images to a much smaller three-channel feature map appropriate for saliency detection using an RGB image saliency detector. We achieve this by introducing a novel convolutional neural network based features extraction and encoding module. Our saliency detector takes $0.4$ s to process a light field of size $9\times9\times512\times375$ in a CPU and is significantly faster than existing systems, with better or comparable accuracy. Our work shows that extracting features from light fields through aggressive size reduction and the attention results in a faster and accurate light-field saliency detector.      
### 42.Applying convolutional neural networks to extremely sparse image datasets using an image subdivision approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13054.pdf)
>  Purpose: The aim of this work is to demonstrate that convolutional neural networks (CNN) can be applied to extremely sparse image libraries by subdivision of the original image datasets. Methods: Image datasets from a conventional digital camera was created and scanning electron microscopy (SEM) measurements were obtained from the literature. The image datasets were subdivided and CNN models were trained on parts of the subdivided datasets. Results: The CNN models were capable of analyzing extremely sparse image datasets by utilizing the proposed method of image subdivision. It was furthermore possible to provide a direct assessment of the various regions where a given API or appearance was predominant.      
### 43.CLRGaze: Contrastive Learning of Representations for Eye Movement Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13046.pdf)
>  Eye movements are rich but ambiguous biosignals that usually require a meticulous selection of features. We instead propose to learn feature representations of eye movements in a self-supervised manner. We adopt a contrastive learning approach and a set of data transformations that enable a deep neural network to discern salient and granular gaze patterns. We evaluate on six eye-tracking data sets and assess the learned features on biometric tasks. We achieve accuracies as high as 97.3%. Our work provides insights into a general representation learning method not only for eye movements but also possibly for similar biosignals.      
### 44.APB2FaceV2: Real-Time Audio-Guided Multi-Face Reenactment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13017.pdf)
>  Audio-guided face reenactment aims to generate a photorealistic face that has matched facial expression with the input audio. However, current methods can only reenact a special person once the model is trained or need extra operations such as 3D rendering and image post-fusion on the premise of generating vivid faces. To solve the above challenge, we propose a novel \emph{R}eal-time \emph{A}udio-guided \emph{M}ulti-face reenactment approach named \emph{APB2FaceV2}, which can reenact different target faces among multiple persons with corresponding reference face and drive audio signal as inputs. Enabling the model to be trained end-to-end and have a faster speed, we design a novel module named Adaptive Convolution (AdaConv) to infuse audio information into the network, as well as adopt a lightweight network as our backbone so that the network can run in real time on CPU and GPU. Comparison experiments prove the superiority of our approach than existing state-of-the-art methods, and further experiments demonstrate that our method is efficient and flexible for practical applications <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhangzjn/APB2FaceV2" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 45.Classification of Spot-welded Joints in Laser Thermography Data using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12976.pdf)
>  Spot welding is a crucial process step in various industries. However, classification of spot welding quality is still a tedious process due to the complexity and sensitivity of the test material, which drain conventional approaches to its limits. In this paper, we propose an approach for quality inspection of spot weldings using images from laser thermography data.We propose data preparation approaches based on the underlying physics of spot welded joints, heated with pulsed laser thermography by analyzing the intensity over time and derive dedicated data filters to generate training datasets. Subsequently, we utilize convolutional neural networks to classify weld quality and compare the performance of different models against each other. We achieve competitive results in terms of classifying the different welding quality classes compared to traditional approaches, reaching an accuracy of more than 95 percent. Finally, we explore the effect of different augmentation methods.      
### 46.Deep Denoising For Scientific Discovery: A Case Study In Electron Microscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12970.pdf)
>  Denoising is a fundamental challenge in scientific imaging. Deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) provide the current state of the art in denoising natural images, where they produce impressive results. However, their potential has barely been explored in the context of scientific imaging. Denoising CNNs are typically trained on real natural images artificially corrupted with simulated noise. In contrast, in scientific applications, noiseless ground-truth images are usually not available. To address this issue, we propose a simulation-based denoising (SBD) framework, in which CNNs are trained on simulated images. We test the framework on data obtained from transmission electron microscopy (TEM), an imaging technique with widespread applications in material science, biology, and medicine. SBD outperforms existing techniques by a wide margin on a simulated benchmark dataset, as well as on real data. Apart from the denoised images, SBD generates likelihood maps to visualize the agreement between the structure of the denoised image and the observed data. Our results reveal shortcomings of state-of-the-art denoising architectures, such as their small field-of-view: substantially increasing the field-of-view of the CNNs allows them to exploit non-local periodic patterns in the data, which is crucial at high noise levels. In addition, we analyze the generalization capability of SBD, demonstrating that the trained networks are robust to variations of imaging parameters and of the underlying signal structure. Finally, we release the first publicly available benchmark dataset of TEM images, containing 18,000 examples.      
### 47.Video Understanding based on Human Action and Group Activity Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12968.pdf)
>  A lot of previous work, such as video captioning, has shown promising performance in producing general video understanding. However, it is still challenging to generate a fine-grained description of human actions and their interactions using state-of-the-art video captioning techniques. The detailed description of human actions and group activities is essential information, which can be used in real-time CCTV video surveillance, health care, sports video analysis, etc. In this study, we will propose and improve the video understanding method based on the Group Activity Recognition model by learning Actor Relation Graph (ARG).We will enhance the functionality and the performance of the ARG based model to perform a better video understanding by applying approaches such as increasing human object detection accuracy with YOLO, increasing process speed by reducing the input image size, and applying ResNet in the CNN layer.We will also introduce a visualization model that will visualize each input video frame with predicted bounding boxes on each human object and predicted "video captioning" to describe each individual's action and their collective activity.      
### 48.Advancing Non-Contact Vital Sign Measurement using Synthetic Avatars  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12949.pdf)
>  Non-contact physiological measurement has the potential to provide low-cost, non-invasive health monitoring. However, machine vision approaches are often limited by the availability and diversity of annotated video datasets resulting in poor generalization to complex real-life conditions. To address these challenges, this work proposes the use of synthetic avatars that display facial blood flow changes and allow for systematic generation of samples under a wide variety of conditions. Our results show that training on both simulated and real video data can lead to performance gains under challenging conditions. We show state-of-the-art performance on three large benchmark datasets and improved robustness to skin type and motion.      
### 49.RUArt: A Novel Text-Centered Solution for Text-Based Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12917.pdf)
>  Text-based visual question answering (VQA) requires to read and understand text in an image to correctly answer a given question. However, most current methods simply add optical character recognition (OCR) tokens extracted from the image into the VQA model without considering contextual information of OCR tokens and mining the relationships between OCR tokens and scene objects. In this paper, we propose a novel text-centered method called RUArt (Reading, Understanding and Answering the Related Text) for text-based VQA. Taking an image and a question as input, RUArt first reads the image and obtains text and scene objects. Then, it understands the question, OCRed text and objects in the context of the scene, and further mines the relationships among them. Finally, it answers the related text for the given question through text semantic matching and reasoning. We evaluate our RUArt on two text-based VQA benchmarks (ST-VQA and TextVQA) and conduct extensive ablation studies for exploring the reasons behind RUArt's effectiveness. Experimental results demonstrate that our method can effectively explore the contextual information of the text and mine the stable relationships between the text and objects.      
### 50.Classifying Eye-Tracking Data Using Saliency Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12913.pdf)
>  A plethora of research in the literature shows how human eye fixation pattern varies depending on different factors, including genetics, age, social functioning, cognitive functioning, and so on. Analysis of these variations in visual attention has already elicited two potential research avenues: 1) determining the physiological or psychological state of the subject and 2) predicting the tasks associated with the act of viewing from the recorded eye-fixation data. To this end, this paper proposes a visual saliency based novel feature extraction method for automatic and quantitative classification of eye-tracking data, which is applicable to both of the research directions. Instead of directly extracting features from the fixation data, this method employs several well-known computational models of visual attention to predict eye fixation locations as saliency maps. Comparing the saliency amplitudes, similarity and dissimilarity of saliency maps with the corresponding eye fixations maps gives an extra dimension of information which is effectively utilized to generate discriminative features to classify the eye-tracking data. Extensive experimentation using Saliency4ASD, Age Prediction, and Visual Perceptual Task dataset show that our saliency-based feature can achieve superior performance, outperforming the previous state-of-the-art methods by a considerable margin. Moreover, unlike the existing application-specific solutions, our method demonstrates performance improvement across three distinct problems from the real-life domain: Autism Spectrum Disorder screening, toddler age prediction, and human visual perceptual task classification, providing a general paradigm that utilizes the extra-information inherent in saliency maps for a more accurate classification.      
### 51.Discriminative feature generation for classification of imbalanced data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12888.pdf)
>  The data imbalance problem is a frequent bottleneck in the classification performance of neural networks. In this paper, we propose a novel supervised discriminative feature generation (DFG) method for a minority class dataset. DFG is based on the modified structure of a generative adversarial network consisting of four independent networks: generator, discriminator, feature extractor, and classifier. To augment the selected discriminative features of the minority class data by adopting an attention mechanism, the generator for the class-imbalanced target task is trained, and the feature extractor and classifier are regularized using the pre-trained features from a large source data. The experimental results show that the DFG generator enhances the augmentation of the label-preserved and diverse features, and the classification results are significantly improved on the target task. The feature generation model can contribute greatly to the development of data augmentation methods through discriminative feature generation and supervised attention methods.      
### 52.Persian Handwritten Digit, Character, and Words Recognition by Using Deep Learning Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12880.pdf)
>  Digit, character, and word recognition of a particular script play a key role in the field of pattern recognition. These days, Optical Character Recognition (OCR) systems are widely used in commercial market in various applications. In recent years, there are intensive research studies on optical character, digit, and word recognition. However, only a limited number of works are offered for numeral, character, and word recognition of Persian scripts. In this paper, we have used deep neural network and investigated different versions of DensNet models and Xception and compare our results with the state-of-the-art methods and approaches in recognizing Persian character, number, and word. Two holistic Persian handwritten datasets, HODA and Sadri, have been used. For a comparison of our proposed deep neural network with previously published research studies, the best state-of-the-art results have been considered. We used accuracy as our criteria for evaluation. For HODA dataset, we achieved 99.72% and 89.99% for digit and character, respectively. For Sadri dataset, we obtained accuracy rates of 99.72%, 98.32%, and 98.82% for digit, character, and words, respectively.      
### 53.Beyond VQA: Generating Multi-word Answer and Rationale to Visual Questions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12852.pdf)
>  Visual Question Answering is a multi-modal task that aims to measure high-level visual understanding. Contemporary VQA models are restrictive in the sense that answers are obtained via classification over a limited vocabulary (in the case of open-ended VQA), or via classification over a set of multiple-choice-type answers. In this work, we present a completely generative formulation where a multi-word answer is generated for a visual query. To take this a step forward, we introduce a new task: ViQAR (Visual Question Answering and Reasoning), wherein a model must generate the complete answer and a rationale that seeks to justify the generated answer. We propose an end-to-end architecture to solve this task and describe how to evaluate it. We show that our model generates strong answers and rationales through qualitative and quantitative evaluation, as well as through a human Turing Test.      
### 54.REDE: End-to-end Object 6D Pose Robust Estimation Using Differentiable Outliers Elimination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12807.pdf)
>  Object 6D pose estimation is a fundamental task in many applications. Conventional methods solve the task by detecting and matching the keypoints, then estimating the pose. Recent efforts bringing deep learning into the problem mainly overcome the vulnerability of conventional methods to environmental variation due to the hand-crafted feature design. However, these methods cannot achieve end-to-end learning and good interpretability at the same time. In this paper, we propose REDE, a novel end-to-end object pose estimator using RGB-D data, which utilizes network for keypoint regression, and a differentiable geometric pose estimator for pose error back-propagation. Besides, to achieve better robustness when outlier keypoint prediction occurs, we further propose a differentiable outliers elimination method that regresses the candidate result and the confidence simultaneously. Via confidence weighted aggregation of multiple candidates, we can reduce the effect from the outliers in the final estimation. Finally, following the conventional method, we apply a learnable refinement process to further improve the estimation. The experimental results on three benchmark datasets show that REDE slightly outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches and is more robust to object occlusion.      
### 55.Improving the generalization of network based relative pose regression: dimension reduction as a regularizer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12796.pdf)
>  Visual localization occupies an important position in many areas such as Augmented Reality, robotics and 3D reconstruction. The state-of-the-art visual localization methods perform pose estimation using geometry based solver within the RANSAC framework. However, these methods require accurate pixel-level matching at high image resolution, which is hard to satisfy under significant changes from appearance, dynamics or perspective of view. End-to-end learning based regression networks provide a solution to circumvent the requirement for precise pixel-level correspondences, but demonstrate poor performance towards cross-scene generalization. In this paper, we explicitly add a learnable matching layer within the network to isolate the pose regression solver from the absolute image feature values, and apply dimension regularization on both the correlation feature channel and the image scale to further improve performance towards generalization and large viewpoint change. We implement this dimension regularization strategy within a two-layer pyramid based framework to regress the localization results from coarse to fine. In addition, the depth information is fused for absolute translational scale recovery. Through experiments on real world RGBD datasets we validate the effectiveness of our design in terms of improving both generalization performance and robustness towards viewpoint change, and also show the potential of regression based visual localization networks towards challenging occasions that are difficult for geometry based visual localization methods.      
### 56.Real-time Non-line-of-Sight imaging of dynamic scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12737.pdf)
>  Non-Line-of-Sight (NLOS) imaging aims at recovering the 3D geometry of objects that are hidden from the direct line of sight. In the past, this method has suffered from the weak available multibounce signal limiting scene size, capture speed, and reconstruction quality. While algorithms capable of reconstructing scenes at several frames per second have been demonstrated, real-time NLOS video has only been demonstrated for retro-reflective objects where the NLOS signal strength is enhanced by 4 orders of magnitude or more. Furthermore, it has also been noted that the signal-to-noise ratio of reconstructions in NLOS methods drops quickly with distance and past reconstructions, therefore, have been limited to small scenes with depths of few meters. Actual models of noise and resolution in the scene have been simplistic, ignoring many of the complexities of the problem. We show that SPAD (Single-Photon Avalanche Diode) array detectors with a total of just 28 pixels combined with a specifically extended Phasor Field reconstruction algorithm can reconstruct live real-time videos of non-retro-reflective NLOS scenes. We provide an analysis of the Signal-to-Noise-Ratio (SNR) of our reconstructions and show that for our method it is possible to reconstruct the scene such that SNR, motion blur, angular resolution, and depth resolution are all independent of scene size suggesting that reconstruction of very large scenes may be possible. In the future, the light efficiency for NLOS imaging systems can be improved further by adding more pixels to the sensor array.      
### 57.Investigating Saturation Effects in Integrated Gradients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12697.pdf)
>  Integrated Gradients has become a popular method for post-hoc model interpretability. De-spite its popularity, the composition and relative impact of different regions of the integral path are not well understood. We explore these effects and find that gradients in saturated regions of this path, where model output changes minimally, contribute disproportionately to the computed attribution. We propose a variant of IntegratedGradients which primarily captures gradients in unsaturated regions and evaluate this method on ImageNet classification networks. We find that this attribution technique shows higher model faithfulness and lower sensitivity to noise com-pared with standard Integrated Gradients. A note-book illustrating our computations and results is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/vivekmig/captum-1/tree/ExpandedIG" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 58.Unsupervised Dense Shape Correspondence using Heat Kernels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12682.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose an unsupervised method for learning dense correspondences between shapes using a recent deep functional map framework. Instead of depending on ground-truth correspondences or the computationally expensive geodesic distances, we use heat kernels. These can be computed quickly during training as the supervisor signal. Moreover, we propose a curriculum learning strategy using different heat diffusion times which provide different levels of difficulty during optimization without any sampling mechanism or hard example mining. We present the results of our method on different benchmarks which have various challenges like partiality, topological noise and different connectivity.      
### 59.3DBooSTeR: 3D Body Shape and Texture Recovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12670.pdf)
>  We propose 3DBooSTeR, a novel method to recover a textured 3D body mesh from a textured partial 3D scan. With the advent of virtual and augmented reality, there is a demand for creating realistic and high-fidelity digital 3D human representations. However, 3D scanning systems can only capture the 3D human body shape up to some level of defects due to its complexity, including occlusion between body parts, varying levels of details, shape deformations and the articulated skeleton. Textured 3D mesh completion is thus important to enhance 3D acquisitions. The proposed approach decouples the shape and texture completion into two sequential tasks. The shape is recovered by an encoder-decoder network deforming a template body mesh. The texture is subsequently obtained by projecting the partial texture onto the template mesh before inpainting the corresponding texture map with a novel approach. The approach is validated on the 3DBodyTex.v2 dataset.      
### 60.Position and Rotation Invariant Sign Language Recognition from 3D Point Cloud Data with Recurrent Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12669.pdf)
>  Sign language is a gesture based symbolic communication medium among speech and hearing impaired people. It also serves as a communication bridge between non-impaired population and impaired population. Unfortunately, in most situations a non-impaired person is not well conversant in such symbolic languages which restricts natural information flow between these two categories of population. Therefore, an automated translation mechanism can be greatly useful that can seamlessly translate sign language into natural language. In this paper, we attempt to perform recognition on 30 basic Indian sign gestures. Gestures are represented as temporal sequences of 3D depth maps each consisting of 3D coordinates of 20 body joints. A recurrent neural network (RNN) is employed as classifier. To improve performance of the classifier, we use geometric transformation for alignment correction of depth frames. In our experiments the model achieves 84.81% accuracy.      
### 61.Attention-Guided Network for Iris Presentation Attack Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12631.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are being increasingly used to address the problem of iris presentation attack detection. In this work, we propose attention-guided iris presentation attack detection (AG-PAD) to augment CNNs with attention mechanisms. Two types of attention modules are independently appended on top of the last convolutional layer of the backbone network. Specifically, the channel attention module is used to model the inter-channel relationship between features, while the position attention module is used to model inter-spatial relationship between features. An element-wise sum is employed to fuse these two attention modules. Further, a novel hierarchical attention mechanism is introduced. Experiments involving both a JHU-APL proprietary dataset and the benchmark LivDet-Iris-2017 dataset suggest that the proposed method achieves promising results. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that exploits the use of attention mechanisms in iris presentation attack detection.      
### 62.Exemplary Natural Images Explain CNN Activations Better than Feature Visualizations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12606.pdf)
>  Feature visualizations such as synthetic maximally activating images are a widely used explanation method to better understand the information processing of convolutional neural networks (CNNs). At the same time, there are concerns that these visualizations might not accurately represent CNNs' inner workings. Here, we measure how much extremely activating images help humans to predict CNN activations. Using a well-controlled psychophysical paradigm, we compare the informativeness of synthetic images (Olah et al., 2017) with a simple baseline visualization, namely exemplary natural images that also strongly activate a specific feature map. Given either synthetic or natural reference images, human participants choose which of two query images leads to strong positive activation. The experiment is designed to maximize participants' performance, and is the first to probe intermediate instead of final layer representations. We find that synthetic images indeed provide helpful information about feature map activations (82% accuracy; chance would be 50%). However, natural images-originally intended to be a baseline-outperform synthetic images by a wide margin (92% accuracy). Additionally, participants are faster and more confident for natural images, whereas subjective impressions about the interpretability of feature visualization are mixed. The higher informativeness of natural images holds across most layers, for both expert and lay participants as well as for hand- and randomly-picked feature visualizations. Even if only a single reference image is given, synthetic images provide less information than natural images (65% vs. 73%). In summary, popular synthetic images from feature visualizations are significantly less informative for assessing CNN activations than natural images. We argue that future visualization methods should improve over this simple baseline.      
### 63.ST-GREED: Space-Time Generalized Entropic Differences for Frame Rate Dependent Video Quality Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13715.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of conducting frame rate dependent video quality assessment (VQA) on videos of diverse frame rates, including high frame rate (HFR) videos. More generally, we study how perceptual quality is affected by frame rate, and how frame rate and compression combine to affect perceived quality. We devise an objective VQA model called Space-Time GeneRalized Entropic Difference (GREED) which analyzes the statistics of spatial and temporal band-pass video coefficients. A generalized Gaussian distribution (GGD) is used to model band-pass responses, while entropy variations between reference and distorted videos under the GGD model are used to capture video quality variations arising from frame rate changes. The entropic differences are calculated across multiple temporal and spatial subbands, and merged using a learned regressor. We show through extensive experiments that GREED achieves state-of-the-art performance on the LIVE-YT-HFR Database when compared with existing VQA models. The features used in GREED are highly generalizable and obtain competitive performance even on standard, non-HFR VQA databases. The implementation of GREED has been made available online: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/pavancm/GREED" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 64.Deep Low-rank plus Sparse Network for Dynamic MR Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13677.pdf)
>  In dynamic MR imaging, L+S decomposition, or robust PCA equivalently, has achieved stunning performance. However, the selection of parameters of L+S is empirical, and the acceleration rate is limited, which are the common failings of iterative CS-MRI reconstruction methods. Many deep learning approaches were proposed to address these issues, but few of them used the low-rank prior. In this paper, a model-based low-rank plus sparse network, dubbed as L+S-Net, is proposed for dynamic MR reconstruction. In particular, we use an alternating linearized minimization method to solve the optimization problem with low-rank and sparse regularization. A learned soft singular value thresholding is introduced to make sure the clear separation of L component and S component. Then the iterative steps is unrolled into a network whose regularization parameters are learnable. Experiments on retrospective and prospective cardiac cine dataset show that the proposed model outperforms the state-of-the-art CS and existing deep learning methods.      
### 65.A ReLU Dense Layer to Improve the Performance of Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13572.pdf)
>  We propose ReDense as a simple and low complexity way to improve the performance of trained neural networks. We use a combination of random weights and rectified linear unit (ReLU) activation function to add a ReLU dense (ReDense) layer to the trained neural network such that it can achieve a lower training loss. The lossless flow property (LFP) of ReLU is the key to achieve the lower training loss while keeping the generalization error small. ReDense does not suffer from vanishing gradient problem in the training due to having a shallow structure. We experimentally show that ReDense can improve the training and testing performance of various neural network architectures with different optimization loss and activation functions. Finally, we test ReDense on some of the state-of-the-art architectures and show the performance improvement on benchmark datasets.      
### 66.Towards Scale-Invariant Graph-related Problem Solving by Iterative Homogeneous Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13547.pdf)
>  Current graph neural networks (GNNs) lack generalizability with respect to scales (graph sizes, graph diameters, edge weights, etc..) when solving many graph analysis problems. Taking the perspective of synthesizing graph theory programs, we propose several extensions to address the issue. First, inspired by the dependency of the iteration number of common graph theory algorithms on graph size, we learn to terminate the message passing process in GNNs adaptively according to the computation progress. Second, inspired by the fact that many graph theory algorithms are homogeneous with respect to graph weights, we introduce homogeneous transformation layers that are universal homogeneous function approximators, to convert ordinary GNNs to be homogeneous. Experimentally, we show that our GNN can be trained from small-scale graphs but generalize well to large-scale graphs for a number of basic graph theory problems. It also shows generalizability for applications of multi-body physical simulation and image-based navigation problems.      
### 67.Robust Disentanglement of a Few Factors at a Time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13527.pdf)
>  Disentanglement is at the forefront of unsupervised learning, as disentangled representations of data improve generalization, interpretability, and performance in downstream tasks. Current unsupervised approaches remain inapplicable for real-world datasets since they are highly variable in their performance and fail to reach levels of disentanglement of (semi-)supervised approaches. We introduce population-based training (PBT) for improving consistency in training variational autoencoders (VAEs) and demonstrate the validity of this approach in a supervised setting (PBT-VAE). We then use Unsupervised Disentanglement Ranking (UDR) as an unsupervised heuristic to score models in our PBT-VAE training and show how models trained this way tend to consistently disentangle only a subset of the generative factors. Building on top of this observation we introduce the recursive rPU-VAE approach. We train the model until convergence, remove the learned factors from the dataset and reiterate. In doing so, we can label subsets of the dataset with the learned factors and consecutively use these labels to train one model that fully disentangles the whole dataset. With this approach, we show striking improvement in state-of-the-art unsupervised disentanglement performance and robustness across multiple datasets and metrics.      
### 68.Optimization for Medical Image Segmentation: Theory and Practice when evaluating with Dice Score or Jaccard Index  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13499.pdf)
>  In many medical imaging and classical computer vision tasks, the Dice score and Jaccard index are used to evaluate the segmentation performance. Despite the existence and great empirical success of metric-sensitive losses, i.e. relaxations of these metrics such as soft Dice, soft Jaccard and Lovasz-Softmax, many researchers still use per-pixel losses, such as (weighted) cross-entropy to train CNNs for segmentation. Therefore, the target metric is in many cases not directly optimized. We investigate from a theoretical perspective, the relation within the group of metric-sensitive loss functions and question the existence of an optimal weighting scheme for weighted cross-entropy to optimize the Dice score and Jaccard index at test time. We find that the Dice score and Jaccard index approximate each other relatively and absolutely, but we find no such approximation for a weighted Hamming similarity. For the Tversky loss, the approximation gets monotonically worse when deviating from the trivial weight setting where soft Tversky equals soft Dice. We verify these results empirically in an extensive validation on six medical segmentation tasks and can confirm that metric-sensitive losses are superior to cross-entropy based loss functions in case of evaluation with Dice Score or Jaccard Index. This further holds in a multi-class setting, and across different object sizes and foreground/background ratios. These results encourage a wider adoption of metric-sensitive loss functions for medical segmentation tasks where the performance measure of interest is the Dice score or Jaccard index.      
### 69.VoteNet++: Registration Refinement for Multi-Atlas Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13484.pdf)
>  Multi-atlas segmentation (MAS) is a popular image segmentation technique for medical images. In this work, we improve the performance of MAS by correcting registration errors before label fusion. Specifically, we use a volumetric displacement field to refine registrations based on image anatomical appearance and predicted labels. We show the influence of the initial spatial alignment as well as the beneficial effect of using label information for MAS performance. Experiments demonstrate that the proposed refinement approach improves MAS performance on a 3D magnetic resonance dataset of the knee.      
### 70.Does contextual information improve 3D U-Net based brain tumor segmentation?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13460.pdf)
>  Effective, robust and automatic tools for brain tumor segmentation are needed for extraction of information useful in treatment planning. In recent years, convolutional neural networks have shown state-of-the-art performance in the identification of tumor regions in magnetic resonance (MR) images. A large portion of the current research is devoted to the development of new network architectures to improve segmentation accuracy. In this work it is instead investigated if the addition of contextual information in the form of white matter (WM), gray matter (GM) and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) masks improves U-Net based brain tumor segmentation. The BraTS 2020 dataset was used to train and test a standard 3D U-Net model that, in addition to the conventional MR image modalities, used the contextual information as extra channels. For comparison, a baseline model that only used the conventional MR image modalities was also trained. Dice scores of 80.76 and 79.58 were obtained for the baseline and the contextual information models, respectively. Results show that there is no statistically significant difference when comparing Dice scores of the two models on the test dataset p &gt; 0.5. In conclusion, there is no improvement in segmentation performance when using contextual information as extra channels.      
### 71.Matthews Correlation Coefficient Loss for Deep Convolutional Networks: Application to Skin Lesion Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13454.pdf)
>  The segmentation of skin lesions is a crucial task in clinical decision support systems for the computer aided diagnosis of skin lesions. Although deep learning based approaches have improved segmentation performance, these models are often susceptible to class imbalance in the data, particularly, the fraction of the image occupied by the background healthy skin. Despite variations of the popular Dice loss function being proposed to tackle the class imbalance problem, the Dice loss formulation does not penalize misclassifications of the background pixels. We propose a novel metric-based loss function using the Matthews correlation coefficient, a metric that has been shown to be efficient in scenarios with skewed class distributions, and use it to optimize deep segmentation models. Evaluations on three dermoscopic image datasets: the ISBI ISIC 2017 Skin Lesion Segmentation Challenge dataset, the DermoFit Image Library, and the PH2 dataset show that models trained using the proposed loss function outperform those trained using Dice loss by 11.25%, 4.87%, and 0.76% respectively in the mean Jaccard index. We plan to release the code on GitHub at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kakumarabhishek/MCC-Loss" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> upon publication of this paper.      
### 72.On Embodied Visual Navigation in Real Environments Through Habitat  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13439.pdf)
>  Visual navigation models based on deep learning can learn effective policies when trained on large amounts of visual observations through reinforcement learning. Unfortunately, collecting the required experience in the real world requires the deployment of a robotic platform, which is expensive and time-consuming. To deal with this limitation, several simulation platforms have been proposed in order to train visual navigation policies on virtual environments efficiently. Despite the advantages they offer, simulators present a limited realism in terms of appearance and physical dynamics, leading to navigation policies that do not generalize in the real world. <br>In this paper, we propose a tool based on the Habitat simulator which exploits real world images of the environment, together with sensor and actuator noise models, to produce more realistic navigation episodes. We perform a range of experiments to assess the ability of such policies to generalize using virtual and real-world images, as well as observations transformed with unsupervised domain adaptation approaches. We also assess the impact of sensor and actuation noise on the navigation performance and investigate whether it allows to learn more robust navigation policies. We show that our tool can effectively help to train and evaluate navigation policies on real-world observations without running navigation pisodes in the real world.      
### 73.What is the best data augmentation approach for brain tumor segmentation using 3D U-Net?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13372.pdf)
>  Training segmentation networks requires large annotated datasets, which in medical imaging can be hard to obtain. Despite this fact, data augmentation has in our opinion not been fully explored for brain tumor segmentation (a possible explanation is that the number of training subjects (369) is rather large in the BraTS 2020 dataset). Here we apply different types of data augmentation (flipping, rotation, scaling, brightness adjustment, elastic deformation) when training a standard 3D U-Net, and demonstrate that augmentation significantly improves performance on the validation set (125 subjects) in many cases. Our conclusion is that brightness augmentation and elastic deformation works best, and that combinations of different augmentation techniques do not provide further improvement compared to only using one augmentation technique.      
### 74.Robustness May Be at Odds with Fairness: An Empirical Study on Class-wise Accuracy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13365.pdf)
>  Recently, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have made significant advancement, however, they are widely known to be vulnerable to adversarial attacks. Adversarial training is the most widely used technique for improving adversarial robustness to strong white-box attacks. Prior works have been evaluating and improving the model average robustness without per-class evaluation. The average evaluation alone might provide a false sense of robustness. For example, the attacker can focus on attacking the vulnerable class, which can be dangerous, especially, when the vulnerable class is a critical one, such as "human" in autonomous driving. In this preregistration submission, we propose an empirical study on the class-wise accuracy and robustness of adversarially trained models. Given that the CIFAR10 training dataset has an equal number of samples for each class, interestingly, preliminary results on it with Resnet18 show that there exists inter-class discrepancy for accuracy and robustness on standard models, for instance, "cat" is more vulnerable than other classes. Moreover, adversarial training increases inter-class discrepancy. Our work aims to investigate the following questions: (a) is the phenomenon of inter-class discrepancy universal for other classification benchmark datasets on other seminal model architectures with various optimization hyper-parameters? (b) If so, what can be possible explanations for the inter-class discrepancy? (c) Can the techniques proposed in the long tail classification be readily extended to adversarial training for addressing the inter-class discrepancy?      
### 75.Deep Sequential Learning for Cervical Spine Fracture Detection on Computed Tomography Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13336.pdf)
>  Fractures of the cervical spine are a medical emergency and may lead to permanent paralysis and even death. Accurate diagnosis in patients with suspected fractures by computed tomography (CT) is critical to patient management. In this paper, we propose a deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) with a bidirectional long-short term memory (BLSTM) layer for the automated detection of cervical spine fractures in CT axial images. We used an annotated dataset of 3,666 CT scans (729 positive and 2,937 negative cases) to train and validate the model. The validation results show a classification accuracy of 70,92% and 79.18% on the balanced (104 positive and 104 negative cases) and imbalanced (104 positive and 419 negative cases) test datasets.      
### 76.A Dark and Bright Channel Prior Guided Deep Network for Retinal Image Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13313.pdf)
>  Retinal image quality assessment is an essential task in the diagnosis of retinal diseases. Recently, there are emerging deep models to grade quality of retinal images. Current state-of-the-arts either directly transfer classification networks originally designed for natural images to quality classification of retinal image or introduce extra image quality priors via multiple CNN branches or independent CNNs. This paper proposes a dark and bright prior guided deep network for retinal image quality assessment called GuidedNet. Specifically, the dark and bright channel priors are embedded into the start layer of network to improve the discriminate ability of deep features. Experimental results on retinal image quality dataset Eye-Quality demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed GuidedNet.      
### 77.Geometrically Matched Multi-source Microscopic Image Synthesis Using Bidirectional Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13308.pdf)
>  Microscopic images from different modality can provide more complete experimental information. In practice, biological and physical limitations may prohibit the acquisition of enough microscopic images at a given observation period. Image synthesis is one promising solution. However, most existing data synthesis methods only translate the image from a source domain to a target domain without strong geometric correlations. To address this issue, we propose a novel model to synthesize diversified microscopic images from multi-sources with different geometric features. The application of our model to a 3D live time-lapse embryonic images of C. elegans presents favorable results. To the best of our knowledge, it is the first effort to synthesize microscopic images with strong underlie geometric correlations from multi-source domains that of entirely separated spatial features.      
### 78.Interpreting Uncertainty in Model Predictions For COVID-19 Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13271.pdf)
>  COVID-19, due to its accelerated spread has brought in the need to use assistive tools for faster diagnosis in addition to typical lab swab testing. Chest X-Rays for COVID cases tend to show changes in the lungs such as ground glass opacities and peripheral consolidations which can be detected by deep neural networks. However, traditional convolutional networks use point estimate for predictions, lacking in capture of uncertainty, which makes them less reliable for adoption. There have been several works so far in predicting COVID positive cases with chest X-Rays. However, not much has been explored on quantifying the uncertainty of these predictions, interpreting uncertainty, and decomposing this to model or data uncertainty. To address these needs, we develop a visualization framework to address interpretability of uncertainty and its components, with uncertainty in predictions computed with a Bayesian Convolutional Neural Network. This framework aims to understand the contribution of individual features in the Chest-X-Ray images to predictive uncertainty. Providing this as an assistive tool can help the radiologist understand why the model came up with a prediction and whether the regions of interest captured by the model for the specific prediction are of significance in diagnosis. We demonstrate the usefulness of the tool in chest x-ray interpretation through several test cases from a benchmark dataset.      
### 79.Co-embedding of Nodes and Edges with Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13242.pdf)
>  Graph, as an important data representation, is ubiquitous in many real world applications ranging from social network analysis to biology. How to correctly and effectively learn and extract information from graph is essential for a large number of machine learning tasks. Graph embedding is a way to transform and encode the data structure in high dimensional and non-Euclidean feature space to a low dimensional and structural space, which is easily exploited by other machine learning algorithms. We have witnessed a huge surge of such embedding methods, from statistical approaches to recent deep learning methods such as the graph convolutional networks (GCN). Deep learning approaches usually outperform the traditional methods in most graph learning benchmarks by building an end-to-end learning framework to optimize the loss function directly. However, most of the existing GCN methods can only perform convolution operations with node features, while ignoring the handy information in edge features, such as relations in knowledge graphs. To address this problem, we present CensNet, Convolution with Edge-Node Switching graph neural network, for learning tasks in graph-structured data with both node and edge features. CensNet is a general graph embedding framework, which embeds both nodes and edges to a latent feature space. By using line graph of the original undirected graph, the role of nodes and edges are switched, and two novel graph convolution operations are proposed for feature propagation. Experimental results on real-world academic citation networks and quantum chemistry graphs show that our approach achieves or matches the state-of-the-art performance in four graph learning tasks, including semi-supervised node classification, multi-task graph classification, graph regression, and link prediction.      
### 80.Self-Supervised Training For Low Dose CT Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13232.pdf)
>  Ionizing radiation has been the biggest concern in CT imaging. To reduce the dose level without compromising the image quality, low dose CT reconstruction has been offered with the availability of compressed sensing based reconstruction methods. Recently, data-driven methods got attention with the rise of deep learning, the availability of high computational power, and big datasets. Deep learning based methods have also been used in low dose CT reconstruction problem in different manners. Usually, the success of these methods depends on clean labeled data. However, recent studies showed that training can be achieved successfully without clean datasets. In this study, we defined a training scheme to use low dose sinograms as their own training targets. We applied the self-supervision principle in the projection domain where the noise is element-wise independent as required in these methods. Using the self-supervised training, the filtering part of the FBP method and the parameters of a denoiser neural network are optimized. We demonstrate that our method outperforms both conventional and compressed sensing based iterative reconstruction methods qualitatively and quantitatively in the reconstruction of analytic CT phantoms and real-world CT images in low dose CT reconstruction task.      
### 81.SUREMap: Predicting Uncertainty in CNN-based Image Reconstruction Using Stein's Unbiased Risk Estimate  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13214.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNN) have emerged as a powerful tool for solving computational imaging reconstruction problems. However, CNNs are generally difficult-to-understand black-boxes. Accordingly, it is challenging to know when they will work and, more importantly, when they will fail. This limitation is a major barrier to their use in safety-critical applications like medical imaging: Is that blob in the reconstruction an artifact or a tumor? <br>In this work we use Stein's unbiased risk estimate (SURE) to develop per-pixel confidence intervals, in the form of heatmaps, for compressive sensing reconstruction using the approximate message passing (AMP) framework with CNN-based denoisers. These heatmaps tell end-users how much to trust an image formed by a CNN, which could greatly improve the utility of CNNs in various computational imaging applications.      
### 82.Gestop : Customizable Gesture Control of Computer Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13197.pdf)
>  The established way of interfacing with most computer systems is a mouse and keyboard. Hand gestures are an intuitive and effective touchless way to interact with computer systems. However, hand gesture based systems have seen low adoption among end-users primarily due to numerous technical hurdles in detecting in-air gestures accurately. This paper presents Gestop, a framework developed to bridge this gap. The framework learns to detect gestures from demonstrations, is customizable by end-users and enables users to interact in real-time with computers having only RGB cameras, using gestures.      
### 83.Improving the Reconstruction of Disentangled Representation Learners via Multi-Stage Modelling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13187.pdf)
>  Current autoencoder-based disentangled representation learning methods achieve disentanglement by penalizing the (aggregate) posterior to encourage statistical independence of the latent factors. This approach introduces a trade-off between disentangled representation learning and reconstruction quality since the model does not have enough capacity to learn correlated latent variables that capture detail information present in most image data. To overcome this trade-off, we present a novel multi-stage modelling approach where the disentangled factors are first learned using a preexisting disentangled representation learning method (such as $\beta$-TCVAE); then, the low-quality reconstruction is improved with another deep generative model that is trained to model the missing correlated latent variables, adding detail information while maintaining conditioning on the previously learned disentangled factors. Taken together, our multi-stage modelling approach results in a single, coherent probabilistic model that is theoretically justified by the principal of D-separation and can be realized with a variety of model classes including likelihood-based models such as variational autoencoders, implicit models such as generative adversarial networks, and tractable models like normalizing flows or mixtures of Gaussians. We demonstrate that our multi-stage model has much higher reconstruction quality than current state-of-the-art methods with equivalent disentanglement performance across multiple standard benchmarks.      
### 84.Unsupervised Super-Resolution: Creating High-Resolution Medical Images from Low-Resolution Anisotropic Examples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13172.pdf)
>  Although high resolution isotropic 3D medical images are desired in clinical practice, their acquisition is not always feasible. Instead, lower resolution images are upsampled to higher resolution using conventional interpolation methods. Sophisticated learning-based super-resolution approaches are frequently unavailable in clinical setting, because such methods require training with high-resolution isotropic examples. To address this issue, we propose a learning-based super-resolution approach that can be trained using solely anisotropic images, i.e. without high-resolution ground truth data. The method exploits the latent space, generated by autoencoders trained on anisotropic images, to increase spatial resolution in low-resolution images. The method was trained and evaluated using 100 publicly available cardiac cine MR scans from the Automated Cardiac Diagnosis Challenge (ACDC). The quantitative results show that the proposed method performs better than conventional interpolation methods. Furthermore, the qualitative results indicate that especially finer cardiac structures are synthesized with high quality. The method has the potential to be applied to other anatomies and modalities and can be easily applied to any 3D anisotropic medical image dataset.      
### 85.Context Aware 3D UNet for Brain Tumor Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13082.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural network (CNN) achieves remarkable performance for medical image analysis. UNet is the primary source in the performance of 3D CNN architectures for medical imaging tasks, including brain tumor segmentation. The skip connection in the UNet architecture concatenates features from both encoder and decoder paths to extract multi-contexual information from image data. The multi-scaled features play an essential role in brain tumor segmentation. However, the limited use of features can degrade the performance of the UNet approach for segmentation. In this paper, we propose a modified UNet architecture for brain tumor segmentation. In the proposed architecture, we used densely connected blocks in both encoder and decoder paths to extract multi-contexual information from the concept of feature reusability. The proposed residual inception blocks (RIB) are used to extract local and global information by merging features of different kernel sizes. We validate the proposed architecture on the multimodal brain tumor segmentation challenges (BRATS) 2020 testing dataset. The dice (DSC) scores of the whole tumor (WT), tumor core (TC), and enhancement tumor (ET) are 89.12%, 84.74%, and 79.12%, respectively. Our proposed work is in the top ten methods based on the dice scores of the testing dataset.      
### 86.Dynamic Adversarial Patch for Evading Object Detection Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13070.pdf)
>  Recent research shows that neural networks models used for computer vision (e.g., YOLO and Fast R-CNN) are vulnerable to adversarial evasion attacks. Most of the existing real-world adversarial attacks against object detectors use an adversarial patch which is attached to the target object (e.g., a carefully crafted sticker placed on a stop sign). This method may not be robust to changes in the camera's location relative to the target object; in addition, it may not work well when applied to nonplanar objects such as cars. In this study, we present an innovative attack method against object detectors applied in a real-world setup that addresses some of the limitations of existing attacks. Our method uses dynamic adversarial patches which are placed at multiple predetermined locations on a target object. An adversarial learning algorithm is applied in order to generate the patches used. The dynamic attack is implemented by switching between optimized patches dynamically, according to the camera's position (i.e., the object detection system's position). In order to demonstrate our attack in a real-world setup, we implemented the patches by attaching flat screens to the target object; the screens are used to present the patches and switch between them, depending on the current camera location. Thus, the attack is dynamic and adjusts itself to the situation to achieve optimal results. We evaluated our dynamic patch approach by attacking the YOLOv2 object detector with a car as the target object and succeeded in misleading it in up to 90% of the video frames when filming the car from a wide viewing angle range. We improved the attack by generating patches that consider the semantic distance between the target object and its classification. We also examined the attack's transferability among different car models and were able to mislead the detector 71% of the time.      
### 87.Automated triage of COVID-19 from various lung abnormalities using chest CT features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12967.pdf)
>  The outbreak of COVID-19 has lead to a global effort to decelerate the pandemic spread. For this purpose chest computed-tomography (CT) based screening and diagnosis of COVID-19 suspected patients is utilized, either as a support or replacement to reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) test. In this paper, we propose a fully automated AI based system that takes as input chest CT scans and triages COVID-19 cases. More specifically, we produce multiple descriptive features, including lung and infections statistics, texture, shape and location, to train a machine learning based classifier that distinguishes between COVID-19 and other lung abnormalities (including community acquired pneumonia). We evaluated our system on a dataset of 2191 CT cases and demonstrated a robust solution with 90.8% sensitivity at 85.4% specificity with 94.0% ROC-AUC. In addition, we present an elaborated feature analysis and ablation study to explore the importance of each feature.      
### 88.LagNetViP: A Lagrangian Neural Network for Video Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12932.pdf)
>  The dominant paradigms for video prediction rely on opaque transition models where neither the equations of motion nor the underlying physical quantities of the system are easily inferred. The equations of motion, as defined by Newton's second law, describe the time evolution of a physical system state and can therefore be applied toward the determination of future system states. In this paper, we introduce a video prediction model where the equations of motion are explicitly constructed from learned representations of the underlying physical quantities. To achieve this, we simultaneously learn a low-dimensional state representation and system Lagrangian. The kinetic and potential energy terms of the Lagrangian are distinctly modelled and the low-dimensional equations of motion are explicitly constructed using the Euler-Lagrange equations. We demonstrate the efficacy of this approach for video prediction on image sequences rendered in modified OpenAI gym Pendulum-v0 and Acrobot environments.      
### 89.Non-local Meets Global: An Iterative Paradigm for Hyperspectral Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12921.pdf)
>  Non-local low-rank tensor approximation has been developed as a state-of-the-art method for hyperspectral image (HSI) restoration, which includes the tasks of denoising, compressed HSI reconstruction and inpainting. Unfortunately, while its restoration performance benefits from more spectral bands, its runtime also substantially increases. In this paper, we claim that the HSI lies in a global spectral low-rank subspace, and the spectral subspaces of each full band patch group should lie in this global low-rank subspace. This motivates us to propose a unified paradigm combining the spatial and spectral properties for HSI restoration. The proposed paradigm enjoys performance superiority from the non-local spatial denoising and light computation complexity from the low-rank orthogonal basis exploration. An efficient alternating minimization algorithm with rank adaptation is developed. It is done by first solving a fidelity term-related problem for the update of a latent input image, and then learning a low-dimensional orthogonal basis and the related reduced image from the latent input image. Subsequently, non-local low-rank denoising is developed to refine the reduced image and orthogonal basis iteratively. Finally, the experiments on HSI denoising, compressed reconstruction, and inpainting tasks, with both simulated and real datasets, demonstrate its superiority with respect to state-of-the-art HSI restoration methods.      
### 90.Weakly-supervised VisualBERT: Pre-training without Parallel Images and Captions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12831.pdf)
>  Pre-trained contextual vision-and-language (V&amp;L) models have brought impressive performance improvement on various benchmarks. However, the paired text-image data required for pre-training are hard to collect and scale up. We investigate if a strong V&amp;L representation model can be learned without text-image pairs. We propose Weakly-supervised VisualBERT with the key idea of conducting "mask-and-predict" pre-training on language-only and image-only corpora. Additionally, we introduce the object tags detected by an object recognition model as anchor points to bridge two modalities. Evaluation on four V&amp;L benchmarks shows that Weakly-supervised VisualBERT achieves similar performance with a model pre-trained with paired data. Besides, pre-training on more image-only data further improves a model that already has access to aligned data, suggesting the possibility of utilizing billions of raw images available to enhance V&amp;L models.      
### 91.Modularity Improves Out-of-Domain Instruction Following  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12764.pdf)
>  We propose a modular architecture for following natural language instructions that describe sequences of diverse subgoals, such as navigating to landmarks or picking up objects. Standard, non-modular, architectures used in instruction following do not exploit subgoal compositionality and often struggle on out-of-distribution tasks and environments. In our approach, subgoal modules each carry out natural language instructions for a specific subgoal type. A sequence of modules to execute is chosen by learning to segment the instructions and predicting a subgoal type for each segment. When compared to standard sequence-to-sequence approaches on ALFRED, a challenging instruction following benchmark, we find that modularization improves generalization to environments unseen in training and to novel tasks.      
### 92.The RobotSlang Benchmark: Dialog-guided Robot Localization and Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12639.pdf)
>  Autonomous robot systems for applications from search and rescue to assistive guidance should be able to engage in natural language dialog with people. To study such cooperative communication, we introduce Robot Simultaneous Localization and Mapping with Natural Language (RobotSlang), a benchmark of 169 natural language dialogs between a human Driver controlling a robot and a human Commander providing guidance towards navigation goals. In each trial, the pair first cooperates to localize the robot on a global map visible to the Commander, then the Driver follows Commander instructions to move the robot to a sequence of target objects. We introduce a Localization from Dialog History (LDH) and a Navigation from Dialog History (NDH) task where a learned agent is given dialog and visual observations from the robot platform as input and must localize in the global map or navigate towards the next target object, respectively. RobotSlang is comprised of nearly 5k utterances and over 1k minutes of robot camera and control streams. We present an initial model for the NDH task, and show that an agent trained in simulation can follow the RobotSlang dialog-based navigation instructions for controlling a physical robot platform. Code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://umrobotslang.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 93.S2cGAN: Semi-Supervised Training of Conditional GANs with Fewer Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.12622.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have been remarkably successful in learning complex high dimensional real word distributions and generating realistic samples. However, they provide limited control over the generation process. Conditional GANs (cGANs) provide a mechanism to control the generation process by conditioning the output on a user defined input. Although training GANs requires only unsupervised data, training cGANs requires labelled data which can be very expensive to obtain. We propose a framework for semi-supervised training of cGANs which utilizes sparse labels to learn the conditional mapping, and at the same time leverages a large amount of unsupervised data to learn the unconditional distribution. We demonstrate effectiveness of our method on multiple datasets and different conditional tasks.      
