# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 28 Oct 2020
### 1.Robust Skeletonization for Plant Root Structure Reconstruction from MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14440.pdf)
>  Structural reconstruction of plant roots from MRI is challenging, because of low resolution and low signal-to-noise ratio of the 3D measurements which may lead to disconnectivities and wrongly connected roots. We propose a two-stage approach for this task. The first stage is based on semantic root vs. soil segmentation and finds lowest-cost paths from any root voxel to the shoot. The second stage takes the largest fully connected component generated in the first stage and uses 3D skeletonization to extract a graph structure. We evaluate our method on 22 MRI scans and compare to human expert reconstructions.      
### 2.Structured Visual Search via Composition-aware Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14438.pdf)
>  This paper studies visual search using structured queries. The structure is in the form of a 2D composition that encodes the position and the category of the objects. The transformation of the position and the category of the objects leads to a continuous-valued relationship between visual compositions, which carries highly beneficial information, although not leveraged by previous techniques. To that end, in this work, our goal is to leverage these continuous relationships by using the notion of symmetry in equivariance. Our model output is trained to change symmetrically with respect to the input transformations, leading to a sensitive feature space. Doing so leads to a highly efficient search technique, as our approach learns from fewer data using a smaller feature space. Experiments on two large-scale benchmarks of MS-COCO and HICO-DET demonstrates that our approach leads to a considerable gain in the performance against competing techniques.      
### 3.Improving Word Recognition using Multiple Hypotheses and Deep Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14411.pdf)
>  We propose a novel scheme for improving the word recognition accuracy using word image embeddings. We use a trained text recognizer, which can predict multiple text hypothesis for a given word image. Our fusion scheme improves the recognition process by utilizing the word image and text embeddings obtained from a trained word image embedding network. We propose EmbedNet, which is trained using a triplet loss for learning a suitable embedding space where the embedding of the word image lies closer to the embedding of the corresponding text transcription. The updated embedding space thus helps in choosing the correct prediction with higher confidence. To further improve the accuracy, we propose a plug-and-play module called Confidence based Accuracy Booster (CAB). The CAB module takes in the confidence scores obtained from the text recognizer and Euclidean distances between the embeddings to generate an updated distance vector. The updated distance vector has lower distance values for the correct words and higher distance values for the incorrect words. We rigorously evaluate our proposed method systematically on a collection of books in the Hindi language. Our method achieves an absolute improvement of around 10 percent in terms of word recognition accuracy.      
### 4.Pixel-based Facial Expression Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14397.pdf)
>  Facial expression synthesis has achieved remarkable advances with the advent of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). However, GAN-based approaches mostly generate photo-realistic results as long as the testing data distribution is close to the training data distribution. The quality of GAN results significantly degrades when testing images are from a slightly different distribution. Moreover, recent work has shown that facial expressions can be synthesized by changing localized face regions. In this work, we propose a pixel-based facial expression synthesis method in which each output pixel observes only one input pixel. The proposed method achieves good generalization capability by leveraging only a few hundred training images. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method performs comparably well against state-of-the-art GANs on in-dataset images and significantly better on out-of-dataset images. In addition, the proposed model is two orders of magnitude smaller which makes it suitable for deployment on resource-constrained devices.      
### 5.Learning to Infer Unseen Attribute-Object Compositions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14343.pdf)
>  The composition recognition of unseen attribute-object is critical to make machines learn to decompose and compose complex concepts like people. Most of the existing methods are limited to the composition recognition of single-attribute-object, and can hardly distinguish the compositions with similar appearances. In this paper, a graph-based model is proposed that can flexibly recognize both single- and multi-attribute-object compositions. The model maps the visual features of images and the attribute-object category labels represented by word embedding vectors into a latent space. Then, according to the constraints of the attribute-object semantic association, distances are calculated between visual features and the corresponding label semantic features in the latent space. During the inference, the composition that is closest to the given image feature among all compositions is used as the reasoning result. In addition, we build a large-scale Multi-Attribute Dataset (MAD) with 116,099 images and 8,030 composition categories. Experiments on MAD and two other single-attribute-object benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach.      
### 6.SIRI: Spatial Relation Induced Network For Spatial Description Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14301.pdf)
>  Spatial Description Resolution, as a language-guided localization task, is proposed for target location in a panoramic street view, given corresponding language descriptions. Explicitly characterizing an object-level relationship while distilling spatial relationships are currently absent but crucial to this task. Mimicking humans, who sequentially traverse spatial relationship words and objects with a first-person view to locate their target, we propose a novel spatial relationship induced (SIRI) network. Specifically, visual features are firstly correlated at an implicit object-level in a projected latent space; then they are distilled by each spatial relationship word, resulting in each differently activated feature representing each spatial relationship. Further, we introduce global position priors to fix the absence of positional information, which may result in global positional reasoning ambiguities. Both the linguistic and visual features are concatenated to finalize the target localization. Experimental results on the Touchdown show that our method is around 24\% better than the state-of-the-art method in terms of accuracy, measured by an 80-pixel radius. Our method also generalizes well on our proposed extended dataset collected using the same settings as Touchdown.      
### 7.Ice Monitoring in Swiss Lakes from Optical Satellites and Webcams using Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14300.pdf)
>  Continuous observation of climate indicators, such as trends in lake freezing, is important to understand the dynamics of the local and global climate system. Consequently, lake ice has been included among the Essential Climate Variables (ECVs) of the Global Climate Observing System (GCOS), and there is a need to set up operational monitoring capabilities. Multi-temporal satellite images and publicly available webcam streams are among the viable data sources to monitor lake ice. In this work we investigate machine learning-based image analysis as a tool to determine the spatio-temporal extent of ice on Swiss Alpine lakes as well as the ice-on and ice-off dates, from both multispectral optical satellite images (VIIRS and MODIS) and RGB webcam images. We model lake ice monitoring as a pixel-wise semantic segmentation problem, i.e., each pixel on the lake surface is classified to obtain a spatially explicit map of ice cover. We show experimentally that the proposed system produces consistently good results when tested on data from multiple winters and lakes. Our satellite-based method obtains mean Intersection-over-Union (mIoU) scores &gt;93%, for both sensors. It also generalises well across lakes and winters with mIoU scores &gt;78% and &gt;80% respectively. On average, our webcam approach achieves mIoU values of 87% (approx.) and generalisation scores of 71% (approx.) and 69% (approx.) across different cameras and winters respectively. Additionally, we put forward a new benchmark dataset of webcam images (Photi-LakeIce) which includes data from two winters and three cameras.      
### 8.Fast Local Attack: Generating Local Adversarial Examples for Object Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14291.pdf)
>  The deep neural network is vulnerable to adversarial examples. Adding imperceptible adversarial perturbations to images is enough to make them fail. Most existing research focuses on attacking image classifiers or anchor-based object detectors, but they generate globally perturbation on the whole image, which is unnecessary. In our work, we leverage higher-level semantic information to generate high aggressive local perturbations for anchor-free object detectors. As a result, it is less computationally intensive and achieves a higher black-box attack as well as transferring attack performance. The adversarial examples generated by our method are not only capable of attacking anchor-free object detectors, but also able to be transferred to attack anchor-based object detector.      
### 9.A Method of Generating Measurable Panoramic Image for Indoor Mobile Measurement System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14270.pdf)
>  This paper designs a technique route to generate high-quality panoramic image with depth information, which involves two critical research hotspots: fusion of LiDAR and image data and image stitching. For the fusion of 3D points and image data, since a sparse depth map can be firstly generated by projecting LiDAR point onto the RGB image plane based on our reliable calibrated and synchronized sensors, we adopt a parameter self-adaptive framework to produce 2D dense depth map. For image stitching, optimal seamline for the overlapping area is searched using a graph-cuts-based method to alleviate the geometric influence and image blending based on the pyramid multi-band is utilized to eliminate the photometric effects near the stitching line. Since each pixel is associated with a depth value, we design this depth value as a radius in the spherical projection which can further project the panoramic image to the world coordinate and consequently produces a high-quality measurable panoramic image. The purposed method is tested on the data from our data collection platform and presents a satisfactory application prospects.      
### 10.End-to-end trainable network for degraded license plate detection via vehicle-plate relation mining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14266.pdf)
>  License plate detection is the first and essential step of the license plate recognition system and is still challenging in real applications, such as on-road scenarios. In particular, small-sized and oblique license plates, mainly caused by the distant and mobile camera, are difficult to detect. In this work, we propose a novel and applicable method for degraded license plate detection via vehicle-plate relation mining, which localizes the license plate in a coarse-to-fine scheme. First, we propose to estimate the local region around the license plate by using the relationships between the vehicle and the license plate, which can greatly reduce the search area and precisely detect very small-sized license plates. Second, we propose to predict the quadrilateral bounding box in the local region by regressing the four corners of the license plate to robustly detect oblique license plates. Moreover, the whole network can be trained in an end-to-end manner. Extensive experiments verify the effectiveness of our proposed method for small-sized and oblique license plates. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/chensonglu/LPD-end-to-end" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.A Simple and Efficient Registration of 3D Point Cloud and Image Data for Indoor Mobile Mapping System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14261.pdf)
>  Registration of 3D LiDAR point clouds with optical images is critical in the combination of multi-source data. Geometric misalignment originally exists in the pose data between LiDAR point clouds and optical images. To improve the accuracy of the initial pose and the applicability of the integration of 3D points and image data, we develop a simple but efficient registration method. We firstly extract point features from LiDAR point clouds and images: point features is extracted from single-frame LiDAR and point features from images using classical Canny method. Cost map is subsequently built based on Canny image edge detection. The optimization direction is guided by the cost map where low cost represents the the desired direction, and loss function is also considered to improve the robustness of the the purposed method. Experiments show pleasant results.      
### 12.Reconstruction of Voxels with Position- and Angle-Dependent Weightings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14205.pdf)
>  The reconstruction problem of voxels with individual weightings can be modeled a position- and angle- dependent function in the forward-projection. This changes the system matrix and prohibits to use standard filtered backprojection. In this work we first formulate this reconstruction problem in terms of a system matrix and weighting part. We compute the pseudoinverse and show that the solution is rank-deficient and hence very ill posed. This is a fundamental limitation for reconstruction. We then derive an iterative solution and experimentally show its uperiority to any closed-form solution.      
### 13.Mining Generalized Features for Detecting AI-Manipulated Fake Faces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14129.pdf)
>  Recently, AI-manipulated face techniques have developed rapidly and constantly, which has raised new security issues in society. Although existing detection methods consider different categories of fake faces, the performance on detecting the fake faces with "unseen" manipulation techniques is still poor due to the distribution bias among cross-manipulation techniques. To solve this problem, we propose a novel framework that focuses on mining intrinsic features and further eliminating the distribution bias to improve the generalization ability. Firstly, we focus on mining the intrinsic clues in the channel difference image (CDI) and spectrum image (SI) from the camera imaging process and the indispensable step in AI manipulation process. Then, we introduce the Octave Convolution (OctConv) and an attention-based fusion module to effectively and adaptively mine intrinsic features from CDI and SI. Finally, we design an alignment module to eliminate the bias of manipulation techniques to obtain a more generalized detection framework. We evaluate the proposed framework on four categories of fake faces datasets with the most popular and state-of-the-art manipulation techniques, and achieve very competitive performances. To further verify the generalization ability of the proposed framework, we conduct experiments on cross-manipulation techniques, and the results show the advantages of our method.      
### 14.Co-attentional Transformers for Story-Based Video Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14104.pdf)
>  Inspired by recent trends in vision and language learning, we explore applications of attention mechanisms for visio-lingual fusion within an application to story-based video understanding. Like other video-based QA tasks, video story understanding requires agents to grasp complex temporal dependencies. However, as it focuses on the narrative aspect of video it also requires understanding of the interactions between different characters, as well as their actions and their motivations. We propose a novel co-attentional transformer model to better capture long-term dependencies seen in visual stories such as dramas and measure its performance on the video question answering task. We evaluate our approach on the recently introduced DramaQA dataset which features character-centered video story understanding questions. Our model outperforms the baseline model by 8 percentage points overall, at least 4.95 and up to 12.8 percentage points on all difficulty levels and manages to beat the winner of the DramaQA challenge.      
### 15.A Multi-task Two-stream Spatiotemporal Convolutional Neural Network for Convective Storm Nowcasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14100.pdf)
>  The goal of convective storm nowcasting is local prediction of severe and imminent convective storms. Here, we consider the convective storm nowcasting problem from the perspective of machine learning. First, we use a pixel-wise sampling method to construct spatiotemporal features for nowcasting, and flexibly adjust the proportions of positive and negative samples in the training set to mitigate class-imbalance issues. Second, we employ a concise two-stream convolutional neural network to extract spatial and temporal cues for nowcasting. This simplifies the network structure, reduces the training time requirement, and improves classification accuracy. The two-stream network used both radar and satellite data. In the resulting two-stream, fused convolutional neural network, some of the parameters are entered into a single-stream convolutional neural network, but it can learn the features of many data. Further, considering the relevance of classification and regression tasks, we develop a multi-task learning strategy that predicts the labels used in such tasks. We integrate two-stream multi-task learning into a single convolutional neural network. Given the compact architecture, this network is more efficient and easier to optimize than existing recurrent neural networks.      
### 16.MMFT-BERT: Multimodal Fusion Transformer with BERT Encodings for Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14095.pdf)
>  We present MMFT-BERT(MultiModal Fusion Transformer with BERT encodings), to solve Visual Question Answering (VQA) ensuring individual and combined processing of multiple input modalities. Our approach benefits from processing multimodal data (video and text) adopting the BERT encodings individually and using a novel transformer-based fusion method to fuse them together. Our method decomposes the different sources of modalities, into different BERT instances with similar architectures, but variable weights. This achieves SOTA results on the TVQA dataset. Additionally, we provide TVQA-Visual, an isolated diagnostic subset of TVQA, which strictly requires the knowledge of visual (V) modality based on a human annotator's judgment. This set of questions helps us to study the model's behavior and the challenges TVQA poses to prevent the achievement of super human performance. Extensive experiments show the effectiveness and superiority of our method.      
### 17.$P^2$ Net: Augmented Parallel-Pyramid Net for Attention Guided Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14076.pdf)
>  We propose an augmented Parallel-Pyramid Net ($P^2~Net$) with feature refinement by dilated bottleneck and attention module. During data preprocessing, we proposed a differentiable auto data augmentation ($DA^2$) method. We formulate the problem of searching data augmentaion policy in a differentiable form, so that the optimal policy setting can be easily updated by back propagation during training. $DA^2$ improves the training efficiency. A parallel-pyramid structure is followed to compensate the information loss introduced by the network. We innovate two fusion structures, i.e. Parallel Fusion and Progressive Fusion, to process pyramid features from backbone network. Both fusion structures leverage the advantages of spatial information affluence at high resolution and semantic comprehension at low resolution effectively. We propose a refinement stage for the pyramid features to further boost the accuracy of our network. By introducing dilated bottleneck and attention module, we increase the receptive field for the features with limited complexity and tune the importance to different feature channels. To further refine the feature maps after completion of feature extraction stage, an Attention Module ($AM$) is defined to extract weighted features from different scale feature maps generated by the parallel-pyramid structure. Compared with the traditional up-sampling refining, $AM$ can better capture the relationship between channels. Experiments corroborate the effectiveness of our proposed method. Notably, our method achieves the best performance on the challenging MSCOCO and MPII datasets.      
### 18.Synthetic Training for Monocular Human Mesh Recovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14036.pdf)
>  Recovering 3D human mesh from monocular images is a popular topic in computer vision and has a wide range of applications. This paper aims to estimate 3D mesh of multiple body parts (e.g., body, hands) with large-scale differences from a single RGB image. Existing methods are mostly based on iterative optimization, which is very time-consuming. We propose to train a single-shot model to achieve this goal. The main challenge is lacking training data that have complete 3D annotations of all body parts in 2D images. To solve this problem, we design a multi-branch framework to disentangle the regression of different body properties, enabling us to separate each component's training in a synthetic training manner using unpaired data available. Besides, to strengthen the generalization ability, most existing methods have used in-the-wild 2D pose datasets to supervise the estimated 3D pose via 3D-to-2D projection. However, we observe that the commonly used weak-perspective model performs poorly in dealing with the external foreshortening effect of camera projection. Therefore, we propose a depth-to-scale (D2S) projection to incorporate the depth difference into the projection function to derive per-joint scale variants for more proper supervision. The proposed method outperforms previous methods on the CMU Panoptic Studio dataset according to the evaluation results and achieves comparable results on the Human3.6M body and STB hand benchmarks. More impressively, the performance in close shot images gets significantly improved using the proposed D2S projection for weak supervision, while maintains obvious superiority in computational efficiency.      
### 19.Cross-directional Feature Fusion Network for Building Damage Assessment from Satellite Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14014.pdf)
>  Fast and effective responses are required when a natural disaster (e.g., earthquake, hurricane, etc.) strikes. Building damage assessment from satellite imagery is critical before an effective response is conducted. High-resolution satellite images provide rich information with pre- and post-disaster scenes for analysis. However, most existing works simply use pre- and post-disaster images as input without considering their correlations. In this paper, we propose a novel cross-directional fusion strategy to better explore the correlations between pre- and post-disaster images. Moreover, the data augmentation method CutMix is exploited to tackle the challenge of hard classes. The proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance on a large-scale building damage assessment dataset -- xBD.      
### 20.Decentralized Attribution of Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13974.pdf)
>  There have been growing concerns regarding the fabrication of contents through generative models. This paper investigates the feasibility of decentralized attribution of such models. Given a set of generative models learned from the same dataset, attributability is achieved when a public verification service exists to correctly identify the source models for generated content. Attribution allows tracing of machine-generated content back to its source model, thus facilitating IP-protection and content regulation. Existing attribution methods are non-scalable with respect to the number of models and lack theoretical bounds on attributability. This paper studies decentralized attribution, where provable attributability can be achieved by only requiring each model to be distinguishable from the authentic data. Our major contributions are the derivation of the sufficient conditions for decentralized attribution and the design of keys following these conditions. Specifically, we show that decentralized attribution can be achieved when keys are (1) orthogonal to each other, and (2) belonging to a subspace determined by the data distribution. This result is validated on MNIST and CelebA. Lastly, we use these datasets to examine the trade-off between generation quality and robust attributability against adversarial post-processes.      
### 21.Developing Univariate Neurodegeneration Biomarkers with Low-Rank and Sparse Subspace Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13954.pdf)
>  Cognitive decline due to Alzheimer's disease (AD) is closely associated with brain structure alterations captured by structural magnetic resonance imaging (sMRI). It supports the validity to develop sMRI-based univariate neurodegeneration biomarkers (UNB). However, existing UNB work either fails to model large group variances or does not capture AD dementia (ADD) induced changes. We propose a novel low-rank and sparse subspace decomposition method capable of stably quantifying the morphological changes induced by ADD. Specifically, we propose a numerically efficient rank minimization mechanism to extract group common structure and impose regularization constraints to encode the original 3D morphometry connectivity. Further, we generate regions-of-interest (ROI) with group difference study between common subspaces of $A\beta+$ AD and $A\beta-$ cognitively unimpaired (CU) groups. A univariate morphometry index (UMI) is constructed from these ROIs by summarizing individual morphological characteristics weighted by normalized difference between $A\beta+$ AD and $A\beta-$ CU groups. We use hippocampal surface radial distance feature to compute the UMIs and validate our work in the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI) cohort. With hippocampal UMIs, the estimated minimum sample sizes needed to detect a 25$\%$ reduction in the mean annual change with 80$\%$ power and two-tailed $P=0.05$ are 116, 279 and 387 for the longitudinal $A\beta+$ AD, $A\beta+$ mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and $A\beta+$ CU groups, respectively. Additionally, for MCI patients, UMIs well correlate with hazard ratio of conversion to AD ($4.3$, $95\%$ CI=$2.3-8.2$) within 18 months. Our experimental results outperform traditional hippocampal volume measures and suggest the application of UMI as a potential UNB.      
### 22.Neural Unsigned Distance Fields for Implicit Function Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13938.pdf)
>  In this work we target a learnable output representation that allows continuous, high resolution outputs of arbitrary shape. Recent works represent 3D surfaces implicitly with a Neural Network, thereby breaking previous barriers in resolution, and ability to represent diverse topologies. However, neural implicit representations are limited to closed surfaces, which divide the space into inside and outside. Many real world objects such as walls of a scene scanned by a sensor, clothing, or a car with inner structures are not closed. This constitutes a significant barrier, in terms of data pre-processing (objects need to be artificially closed creating artifacts), and the ability to output open surfaces. In this work, we propose Neural Distance Fields (NDF), a neural network based model which predicts the unsigned distance field for arbitrary 3D shapes given sparse point clouds. NDF represent surfaces at high resolutions as prior implicit models, but do not require closed surface data, and significantly broaden the class of representable shapes in the output. NDF allow to extract the surface as very dense point clouds and as meshes. We also show that NDF allow for surface normal calculation and can be rendered using a slight modification of sphere tracing. We find NDF can be used for multi-target regression (multiple outputs for one input) with techniques that have been exclusively used for rendering in graphics. Experiments on ShapeNet show that NDF, while simple, is the state-of-the art, and allows to reconstruct shapes with inner structures, such as the chairs inside a bus. Notably, we show that NDF are not restricted to 3D shapes, and can approximate more general open surfaces such as curves, manifolds, and functions. Code is available for research at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://virtualhumans.mpi-inf.mpg.de/ndf/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.Processing of incomplete images by (graph) convolutional neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13914.pdf)
>  We investigate the problem of training neural networks from incomplete images without replacing missing values. For this purpose, we first represent an image as a graph, in which missing pixels are entirely ignored. The graph image representation is processed using a spatial graph convolutional network (SGCN) -- a type of graph convolutional networks, which is a proper generalization of classical CNNs operating on images. On one hand, our approach avoids the problem of missing data imputation while, on the other hand, there is a natural correspondence between CNNs and SGCN. Experiments confirm that our approach performs better than analogical CNNs with the imputation of missing values on typical classification and reconstruction tasks.      
### 24.Multi-Class Zero-Shot Learning for Artistic Material Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13850.pdf)
>  Zero-Shot Learning (ZSL) is an extreme form of transfer learning, where no labelled examples of the data to be classified are provided during the training stage. Instead, ZSL uses additional information learned about the domain, and relies upon transfer learning algorithms to infer knowledge about the missing instances. ZSL approaches are an attractive solution for sparse datasets. Here we outline a model to identify the materials with which a work of art was created, by learning the relationship between English descriptions of the subject of a piece and its composite materials. After experimenting with a range of hyper-parameters, we produce a model which is capable of correctly identifying the materials used on pieces from an entirely distinct museum dataset. This model returned a classification accuracy of 48.42% on 5,000 artworks taken from the Tate collection, which is distinct from the Rijksmuseum network used to create and train our model.      
### 25.Enhancing road signs segmentation using photometric invariants  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13844.pdf)
>  Road signs detection and recognition in natural scenes is one of the most important tasksin the design of Intelligent Transport Systems (ITS). However, illumination changes remain a major problem. In this paper, an efficient ap-proach of road signs segmentation based on photometric invariants is proposed. This method is based on color in-formation using a hybrid distance, by exploiting the chro-matic distance and the red and blue ratio, on l Theta Phi color space which is invariant to highlight, shading and shadow changes. A comparative study is performed to demonstrate the robustness of this approach over the most frequently used methods for road sign segmentation. The experimental results and the detailed analysis show the high performance of the algorithm described in this paper.      
### 26.Peak Detection On Data Independent Acquisition Mass Spectrometry Data With Semisupervised Convolutional Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13841.pdf)
>  Liquid Chromatography coupled to Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS) based methods are commonly used for high-throughput, quantitative measurements of the proteome (i.e. the set of all proteins in a sample at a given time). Targeted LC-MS produces data in the form of a two-dimensional time series spectrum, with the mass to charge ratio of analytes (m/z) on one axis, and the retention time from the chromatography on the other. The elution of a peptide of interest produces highly specific patterns across multiple fragment ion traces (extracted ion chromatograms, or XICs). In this paper, we formulate this peak detection problem as a multivariate time series segmentation problem, and propose a novel approach based on the Transformer architecture. Here we augment Transformers, which are capable of capturing long distance dependencies with a global view, with Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), which can capture local context important to the task at hand, in the form of Transformers with Convolutional Self-Attention. We further train this model in a semisupervised manner by adapting state of the art semisupervised image classification techniques for multi-channel time series data. Experiments on a representative LC-MS dataset are benchmarked using manual annotations to showcase the encouraging performance of our method; it outperforms baseline neural network architectures and is competitive against the current state of the art in automated peak detection.      
### 27.Application of sequential processing of computer vision methods for solving the problem of detecting the edges of a honeycomb block  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13837.pdf)
>  The article describes the application of the Hough transform to a honeycomb block image. The problem of cutting a mold from a honeycomb block is described. A number of image transformations are considered to increase the efficiency of the Hough algorithm. A method for obtaining a binary image using a simple threshold, a method for obtaining a binary image using Otsu binarization, and the Canny Edge Detection algorithm are considered. The method of binary skeleton (skeletonization) is considered, in which the skeleton is obtained using 2 main morphological operations: Dilation and Erosion. As a result of a number of experiments, the optimal sequence of processing the original image was revealed, which allows obtaining the coordinates of the maximum number of faces. This result allows one to choose the optimal places for cutting a honeycomb block, which will improve the quality of the resulting shapes.      
### 28.Wavelet Flow: Fast Training of High Resolution Normalizing Flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13821.pdf)
>  Normalizing flows are a class of probabilistic generative models which allow for both fast density computation and efficient sampling and are effective at modelling complex distributions like images. A drawback among current methods is their significant training cost, sometimes requiring months of GPU training time to achieve state-of-the-art results. This paper introduces Wavelet Flow, a multi-scale, normalizing flow architecture based on wavelets. A Wavelet Flow has an explicit representation of signal scale that inherently includes models of lower resolution signals and conditional generation of higher resolution signals, i.e., super resolution. A major advantage of Wavelet Flow is the ability to construct generative models for high resolution data (e.g., 1024 x 1024 images) that are impractical with previous models. Furthermore, Wavelet Flow is competitive with previous normalizing flows in terms of bits per dimension on standard (low resolution) benchmarks while being up to 15x faster to train.      
### 29.Detector Algorithms of Bounding Box and Segmentation Mask of a Mask R-CNN Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13783.pdf)
>  Detection performances on bounding box and segmentation mask outputs of Mask R-CNN models are evaluated. There are significant differences in detection performances of bounding boxes and segmentation masks, where the former is constantly superior to the latter. Harmonic values of precisions and recalls of linear cracks, joints, fillings, and shadows are significantly lower in segmentation masks than bounding boxes. Other classes showed similar harmonic values. Discussions are made on different performances of detection metrics of bounding boxes and segmentation masks focusing on detection algorithms of both detectors.      
### 30.Memory Optimization for Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14501.pdf)
>  Deep learning is slowly, but steadily, hitting a memory bottleneck. While the tensor computation in top-of-the-line GPUs increased by 32x over the last five years, the total available memory only grew by 2.5x. This prevents researchers from exploring larger architectures, as training large networks requires more memory for storing intermediate outputs. In this paper, we present MONeT, an automatic framework that minimizes both the memory footprint and computational overhead of deep networks. MONeT jointly optimizes the checkpointing schedule and the implementation of various operators. MONeT is able to outperform all prior hand-tuned operations as well as automated checkpointing. MONeT reduces the overall memory requirement by 3x for various PyTorch models, with a 9-16% overhead in computation. For the same computation cost, \sysname requires 1.2-1.8x less memory than current state-of-the-art automated checkpointing frameworks. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/utsaslab/MONeT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Artificial intelligence based writer identification generates new evidence for the unknown scribes of the Dead Sea Scrolls exemplified by the Great Isaiah Scroll (1QIsaa)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14476.pdf)
>  The Dead Sea Scrolls are tangible evidence of the Bible's ancient scribal culture. Palaeography - the study of ancient handwriting - can provide access to this scribal culture. However, one of the problems of traditional palaeography is to determine writer identity when the writing style is near uniform. This is exemplified by the Great Isaiah Scroll (1QIsaa). To this end, we used pattern recognition and artificial intelligence techniques to innovate the palaeography of the scrolls regarding writer identification and to pioneer the microlevel of individual scribes to open access to the Bible's ancient scribal culture. Although many scholars believe that 1QIsaa was written by one scribe, we report new evidence for a breaking point in the series of columns in this scroll. Without prior assumption of writer identity, based on point clouds of the reduced-dimensionality feature-space, we found that columns from the first and second halves of the manuscript ended up in two distinct zones of such scatter plots, notably for a range of digital palaeography tools, each addressing very different featural aspects of the script samples. In a secondary, independent, analysis, now assuming writer difference and using yet another independent feature method and several different types of statistical testing, a switching point was found in the column series. A clear phase transition is apparent around column 27. Given the statistically significant differences between the two halves, a tertiary, post-hoc analysis was performed. Demonstrating that two main scribes were responsible for the Great Isaiah Scroll, this study sheds new light on the Bible's ancient scribal culture by providing new, tangible evidence that ancient biblical texts were not copied by a single scribe only but that multiple scribes could closely collaborate on one particular manuscript.      
### 32.Deep Probabilistic Imaging: Uncertainty Quantification and Multi-modal Solution Characterization for Computational Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14462.pdf)
>  Computational image reconstruction algorithms generally produce a single image without any measure of uncertainty or confidence. Regularized Maximum Likelihood (RML) and feed-forward deep learning approaches for inverse problems typically focus on recovering a point estimate. This is a serious limitation when working with underdetermined imaging systems, where it is conceivable that multiple image modes would be consistent with the measured data. Characterizing the space of probable images that explain the observational data is therefore crucial. In this paper, we propose a variational deep probabilistic imaging approach to quantify reconstruction uncertainty. Deep Probabilistic Imaging (DPI) employs an untrained deep generative model to estimate a posterior distribution of an unobserved image. This approach does not require any training data; instead, it optimizes the weights of a neural network to generate image samples that fit a particular measurement dataset. Once the network weights have been learned, the posterior distribution can be efficiently sampled. We demonstrate this approach in the context of interferometric radio imaging, which is used for black hole imaging with the Event Horizon Telescope.      
### 33.On the Transfer of Disentangled Representations in Realistic Settings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14407.pdf)
>  Learning meaningful representations that disentangle the underlying structure of the data generating process is considered to be of key importance in machine learning. While disentangled representations were found to be useful for diverse tasks such as abstract reasoning and fair classification, their scalability and real-world impact remain questionable. We introduce a new high-resolution dataset with 1M simulated images and over 1,800 annotated real-world images of the same robotic setup. In contrast to previous work, this new dataset exhibits correlations, a complex underlying structure, and allows to evaluate transfer to unseen simulated and real-world settings where the encoder i) remains in distribution or ii) is out of distribution. We propose new architectures in order to scale disentangled representation learning to realistic high-resolution settings and conduct a large-scale empirical study of disentangled representations on this dataset. We observe that disentanglement is a good predictor for out-of-distribution (OOD) task performance.      
### 34.Fourth-Order Nonlocal Tensor Decomposition Model for Spectral Computed Tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14361.pdf)
>  Spectral computed tomography (CT) can reconstruct spectral images from different energy bins using photon counting detectors (PCDs). However, due to the limited photons and counting rate in the corresponding spectral fraction, the reconstructed spectral images usually suffer from severe noise. In this paper, a fourth-order nonlocal tensor decomposition model for spectral CT image reconstruction (FONT-SIR) method is proposed. Similar patches are collected in both spatial and spectral dimensions simultaneously to form the basic tensor unit. Additionally, principal component analysis (PCA) is applied to extract latent features from the patches for a robust and efficient similarity measure. Then, low-rank and sparsity decomposition is performed on the produced fourth-order tensor unit, and the weighted nuclear norm and total variation (TV) norm are used to enforce the low-rank and sparsity constraints, respectively. The alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) is adopted to optimize the objective function. The experimental results with our proposed FONT-SIR demonstrates a superior qualitative and quantitative performance for both simulated and real data sets relative to several state-of-the-art methods, in terms of noise suppression and detail preservation.      
### 35.CT Reconstruction with PDF: Parameter-Dependent Framework for Multiple Scanning Geometries and Dose Levels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14350.pdf)
>  Current mainstream of CT reconstruction methods based on deep learning usually needs to fix the scanning geometry and dose level, which will significantly aggravate the training cost and need more training data for clinical application. In this paper, we propose a parameter-dependent framework (PDF) which trains data with multiple scanning geometries and dose levels simultaneously. In the proposed PDF, the geometry and dose level are parameterized and fed into two multi-layer perceptrons (MLPs). The MLPs are leveraged to modulate the feature maps of CT reconstruction network, which condition the network outputs on different scanning geometries and dose levels. The experiments show that our proposed method can obtain competing performance similar to the original network trained with specific geometry and dose level, which can efficiently save the extra training cost for multiple scanning geometries and dose levels.      
### 36.Fit to Measure: Reasoning about Sizes for Robust Object Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14296.pdf)
>  Service robots can help with many of our daily tasks, especially in those cases where it is inconvenient or unsafe for us to intervene: e.g., under extreme weather conditions or when social distance needs to be maintained. However, before we can successfully delegate complex tasks to robots, we need to enhance their ability to make sense of dynamic, real world environments. In this context, the first prerequisite to improving the Visual Intelligence of a robot is building robust and reliable object recognition systems. While object recognition solutions are traditionally based on Machine Learning methods, augmenting them with knowledge based reasoners has been shown to improve their performance. In particular, based on our prior work on identifying the epistemic requirements of Visual Intelligence, we hypothesise that knowledge of the typical size of objects could significantly improve the accuracy of an object recognition system. To verify this hypothesis, in this paper we present an approach to integrating knowledge about object sizes in a ML based architecture. Our experiments in a real world robotic scenario show that this combined approach ensures a significant performance increase over state of the art Machine Learning methods.      
### 37.Robust Odometry and Mapping for Multi-LiDAR Systems with Online Extrinsic Calibration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14294.pdf)
>  Combining multiple LiDARs enables a robot to maximize its perceptual awareness of environments and obtain sufficient measurements, which is promising for simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM). This paper proposes a system to achieve robust and simultaneous extrinsic calibration, odometry, and mapping for multiple LiDARs. Our approach starts with measurement preprocessing to extract edge and planar features from raw measurements. After a motion and extrinsic initialization procedure, a sliding window-based multi-LiDAR odometry runs onboard to estimate poses with online calibration refinement and convergence identification. We further develop a mapping algorithm to construct a global map and optimize poses with sufficient features together with a method to model and reduce data uncertainty. We validate our approach's performance with extensive experiments on ten sequences (4.60km total length) for the calibration and SLAM and compare them against the state-of-the-art. We demonstrate that the proposed work is a complete, robust, and extensible system for various multi-LiDAR setups. The source code, datasets, and demonstrations are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ram-lab.com/file/site/m-loam" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 38.Hyperspectral Anomaly Change Detection Based on Auto-encoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14119.pdf)
>  With the hyperspectral imaging technology, hyperspectral data provides abundant spectral information and plays a more important role in geological survey, vegetation analysis and military reconnaissance. Different from normal change detection, hyperspectral anomaly change detection (HACD) helps to find those small but important anomaly changes between multi-temporal hyperspectral images (HSI). In previous works, most classical methods use linear regression to establish the mapping relationship between two HSIs and then detect the anomalies from the residual image. However, the real spectral differences between multi-temporal HSIs are likely to be quite complex and of nonlinearity, leading to the limited performance of these linear predictors. In this paper, we propose an original HACD algorithm based on auto-encoder (ACDA) to give a nonlinear solution. The proposed ACDA can construct an effective predictor model when facing complex imaging conditions. In the ACDA model, two systematic auto-encoder (AE) networks are deployed to construct two predictors from two directions. The predictor is used to model the spectral variation of the background to obtain the predicted image under another imaging condition. Then mean square error (MSE) between the predictive image and corresponding expected image is computed to obtain the loss map, where the spectral differences of the unchanged pixels are highly suppressed and anomaly changes are highlighted. Ultimately, we take the minimum of the two loss maps of two directions as the final anomaly change intensity map. The experiments results on public "Viareggio 2013" datasets demonstrate the efficiency and superiority over traditional methods.      
### 39.Micro-CT Synthesis and Inner Ear Super Resolution via Bayesian Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14105.pdf)
>  Existing medical image super-resolution methods rely on pairs of low- and high- resolution images to learn a mapping in a fully supervised manner. However, such image pairs are often not available in clinical practice. In this paper, we address super resolution problem in a real-world scenario using unpaired data and synthesize linearly \textbf{eight times} higher resolved Micro-CT images of temporal bone structure, which is embedded in the inner ear. We explore cycle-consistency generative adversarial networks for super-resolution task and equip the translation approach with Bayesian inference. We further introduce \emph{Hu Moment} the evaluation metric to quantify the structure of the temporal bone. We evaluate our method on a public inner ear CT dataset and have seen both visual and quantitative improvement over state-of-the-art deep-learning based methods. In addition, we perform a multi-rater visual evaluation experiment and find that trained experts consistently rate the proposed method highest quality scores among all methods. Implementing our approach as an end-to-end learning task, we are able to quantify uncertainty in the unpaired translation tasks and find that the uncertainty mask can provide structural information of the temporal bone.      
### 40.Triple-view Convolutional Neural Networks for COVID-19 Diagnosis with Chest X-ray  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.14091.pdf)
>  The Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) is affecting increasingly large number of people worldwide, posing significant stress to the health care systems. Early and accurate diagnosis of COVID-19 is critical in screening of infected patients and breaking the person-to-person transmission. Chest X-ray (CXR) based computer-aided diagnosis of COVID-19 using deep learning becomes a promising solution to this end. However, the diverse and various radiographic features of COVID-19 make it challenging, especially when considering each CXR scan typically only generates one single image. Data scarcity is another issue since collecting large-scale medical CXR data set could be difficult at present. Therefore, how to extract more informative and relevant features from the limited samples available becomes essential. To address these issues, unlike traditional methods processing each CXR image from a single view, this paper proposes triple-view convolutional neural networks for COVID-19 diagnosis with CXR images. Specifically, the proposed networks extract individual features from three views of each CXR image, i.e., the left lung view, the right lung view and the overall view, in three streams and then integrate them for joint diagnosis. The proposed network structure respects the anatomical structure of human lungs and is well aligned with clinical diagnosis of COVID-19 in practice. In addition, the labeling of the views does not require experts' domain knowledge, which is needed by many existing methods. The experimental results show that the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance, especially in the more challenging three class classification task, and admits wide generality and high flexibility.      
### 41.Impact of Spherical Coordinates Transformation Pre-processing in Deep Convolution Neural Networks for Brain Tumor Segmentation and Survival Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13967.pdf)
>  Pre-processing and Data Augmentation play an important role in Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (DCNN). Whereby several methods aim for standardization and augmentation of the dataset, we here propose a novel method aimed to feed DCNN with spherical space transformed input data that could better facilitate feature learning compared to standard Cartesian space images and volumes. In this work, the spherical coordinates transformation has been applied as a preprocessing method that, used in conjunction with normal MRI volumes, improves the accuracy of brain tumor segmentation and patient overall survival (OS) prediction on Brain Tumor Segmentation (BraTS) Challenge 2020 dataset. The LesionEncoder framework has been then applied to automatically extract features from DCNN models, achieving 0.586 accuracy of OS prediction on the validation data set, which is one of the best results according to BraTS 2020 leaderboard.      
### 42.MELD: Meta-Reinforcement Learning from Images via Latent State Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13957.pdf)
>  Meta-reinforcement learning algorithms can enable autonomous agents, such as robots, to quickly acquire new behaviors by leveraging prior experience in a set of related training tasks. However, the onerous data requirements of meta-training compounded with the challenge of learning from sensory inputs such as images have made meta-RL challenging to apply to real robotic systems. Latent state models, which learn compact state representations from a sequence of observations, can accelerate representation learning from visual inputs. In this paper, we leverage the perspective of meta-learning as task inference to show that latent state models can \emph{also} perform meta-learning given an appropriately defined observation space. Building on this insight, we develop meta-RL with latent dynamics (MELD), an algorithm for meta-RL from images that performs inference in a latent state model to quickly acquire new skills given observations and rewards. MELD outperforms prior meta-RL methods on several simulated image-based robotic control problems, and enables a real WidowX robotic arm to insert an Ethernet cable into new locations given a sparse task completion signal after only $8$ hours of real world meta-training. To our knowledge, MELD is the first meta-RL algorithm trained in a real-world robotic control setting from images.      
### 43.Improved Supervised Training of Physics-Guided Deep Learning Image Reconstruction with Multi-Masking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13868.pdf)
>  Physics-guided deep learning (PG-DL) via algorithm unrolling has received significant interest for improved image reconstruction, including MRI applications. These methods unroll an iterative optimization algorithm into a series of regularizer and data consistency units. The unrolled networks are typically trained end-to-end using a supervised approach. Current supervised PG-DL approaches use all of the available sub-sampled measurements in their data consistency units. Thus, the network learns to fit the rest of the measurements. In this study, we propose to improve the performance and robustness of supervised training by utilizing randomness by retrospectively selecting only a subset of all the available measurements for data consistency units. The process is repeated multiple times using different random masks during training for further enhancement. Results on knee MRI show that the proposed multi-mask supervised PG-DL enhances reconstruction performance compared to conventional supervised PG-DL approaches.      
### 44.Diptychs of human and machine perceptions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13864.pdf)
>  We propose visual creations that put differences in algorithms and humans \emph{perceptions} into perspective. We exploit saliency maps of neural networks and visual focus of humans to create diptychs that are reinterpretations of an original image according to both machine and human attentions. Using those diptychs as a qualitative evaluation of perception, we discuss some crucial issues of current \textit{task-oriented} artificial intelligence.      
