# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 5 Oct 2020
### 1.Embedded Systems and Computer Vision Techniques utilized in Spray Painting Robots: A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01131.pdf)
>  The advent of the era of machines has limited human interaction and this has increased their presence in the last decade. The requirement to increase the effectiveness, durability and reliability in the robots has also risen quite drastically too. Present paper covers the various embedded system and computer vision methodologies, techniques and innovations used in the field of spray painting robots. There have been many advancements in the sphere of painting robots utilized for high rise buildings, wall painting, road marking paintings, etc. Review focuses on image processing, computational and computer vision techniques that can be applied in the product to increase efficiency of the performance drastically. Image analysis, filtering, enhancement, object detection, edge detection methods, path and localization methods and fine tuning of parameters are being discussed in depth to use while developing such products. Dynamic system design is being deliberated by using which results in reduction of human interaction, environment sustainability and better quality of work in detail. Embedded systems involving the micro-controllers, processors, communicating devices, sensors and actuators, soft-ware to use them; is being explained for end-to-end development and enhancement of accuracy and precision in Spray Painting Robots.      
### 2.Goal-GAN: Multimodal Trajectory Prediction Based on Goal Position Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01114.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present Goal-GAN, an interpretable and end-to-end trainable model for human trajectory prediction. Inspired by human navigation, we model the task of trajectory prediction as an intuitive two-stage process: (i) goal estimation, which predicts the most likely target positions of the agent, followed by a (ii) routing module which estimates a set of plausible trajectories that route towards the estimated goal. We leverage information about the past trajectory and visual context of the scene to estimate a multi-modal probability distribution over the possible goal positions, which is used to sample a potential goal during the inference. The routing is governed by a recurrent neural network that reacts to physical constraints in the nearby surroundings and generates feasible paths that route towards the sampled goal. Our extensive experimental evaluation shows that our method establishes a new state-of-the-art on several benchmarks while being able to generate a realistic and diverse set of trajectories that conform to physical constraints.      
### 3.AIM 2020 Challenge on Image Extreme Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01110.pdf)
>  This paper reviews the AIM 2020 challenge on extreme image inpainting. This report focuses on proposed solutions and results for two different tracks on extreme image inpainting: classical image inpainting and semantically guided image inpainting. The goal of track 1 is to inpaint considerably large part of the image using no supervision but the context. Similarly, the goal of track 2 is to inpaint the image by having access to the entire semantic segmentation map of the image to inpaint. The challenge had 88 and 74 participants, respectively. 11 and 6 teams competed in the final phase of the challenge, respectively. This report gauges current solutions and set a benchmark for future extreme image inpainting methods.      
### 4.Dynamic Graph: Learning Instance-aware Connectivity for Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01097.pdf)
>  One practice of employing deep neural networks is to apply the same architecture to all the input instances. However, a fixed architecture may not be representative enough for data with high diversity. To promote the model capacity, existing approaches usually employ larger convolutional kernels or deeper network structure, which may increase the computational cost. In this paper, we address this issue by raising the Dynamic Graph Network (DG-Net). The network learns the instance-aware connectivity, which creates different forward paths for different instances. Specifically, the network is initialized as a complete directed acyclic graph, where the nodes represent convolutional blocks and the edges represent the connection paths. We generate edge weights by a learnable module \textit{router} and select the edges whose weights are larger than a threshold, to adjust the connectivity of the neural network structure. Instead of using the same path of the network, DG-Net aggregates features dynamically in each node, which allows the network to have more representation ability. To facilitate the training, we represent the network connectivity of each sample in an adjacency matrix. The matrix is updated to aggregate features in the forward pass, cached in the memory, and used for gradient computing in the backward pass. We verify the effectiveness of our method with several static architectures, including MobileNetV2, ResNet, ResNeXt, and RegNet. Extensive experiments are performed on ImageNet classification and COCO object detection, which shows the effectiveness and generalization ability of our approach.      
### 5.Efficient Colon Cancer Grading with Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01091.pdf)
>  Dealing with the application of grading colorectal cancer images, this work proposes a 3 step pipeline for prediction of cancer levels from a histopathology image. The overall model performs better compared to other state of the art methods on the colorectal cancer grading data set and shows excellent performance for the extended colorectal cancer grading set. The performance improvements can be attributed to two main factors: The feature selection and graph augmentation method described here are spatially aware, but overall pixel position independent. Further, the graph size in terms of nodes becomes stable with respect to the model's prediction and accuracy for sufficiently large models. The graph neural network itself consists of three convolutional blocks and linear layers, which is a rather simple design compared to other networks for this application.      
### 6.Pre-Training by Completing Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01089.pdf)
>  There has recently been a flurry of exciting advances in deep learning models on point clouds. However, these advances have been hampered by the difficulty of creating labelled point cloud datasets: sparse point clouds often have unclear label identities for certain points, while dense point clouds are time-consuming to annotate. Inspired by mask-based pre-training in the natural language processing community, we propose a novel pre-training mechanism for point clouds. It works by masking occluded points that result from observing the point cloud at different camera views. It then optimizes a completion model that learns how to reconstruct the occluded points, given the partial point cloud. In this way, our method learns a pre-trained representation that can identify the visual constraints inherently embedded in real-world point clouds. We call our method Occlusion Completion (OcCo). We demonstrate that OcCo learns representations that improve generalization on downstream tasks over prior pre-training methods, that transfer to different datasets, that reduce training time, and improve labelled sample efficiency. %, and (e) more effective than previous pre-training methods. Our code and dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hansen7/OcCo" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 7.Semi-Supervised Learning for Multi-Task Scene Understanding by Neural Graph Consensus  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01086.pdf)
>  We address the challenging problem of semi-supervised learning in the context of multiple visual interpretations of the world by finding consensus in a graph of neural networks. Each graph node is a scene interpretation layer, while each edge is a deep net that transforms one layer at one node into another from a different node. During the supervised phase edge networks are trained independently. During the next unsupervised stage edge nets are trained on the pseudo-ground truth provided by consensus among multiple paths that reach the nets' start and end nodes. These paths act as ensemble teachers for any given edge and strong consensus is used for high-confidence supervisory signal. The unsupervised learning process is repeated over several generations, in which each edge becomes a "student" and also part of different ensemble "teachers" for training other students. By optimizing such consensus between different paths, the graph reaches consistency and robustness over multiple interpretations and generations, in the face of unknown labels. We give theoretical justifications of the proposed idea and validate it on a large dataset. We show how prediction of different representations such as depth, semantic segmentation, surface normals and pose from RGB input could be effectively learned through self-supervised consensus in our graph. We also compare to state-of-the-art methods for multi-task and semi-supervised learning and show superior performance.      
### 8.Homography Estimation with Convolutional Neural Networks Under Conditions of Variance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01041.pdf)
>  Planar homography estimation is foundational to many computer vision problems, such as Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) and Augmented Reality (AR). However, conditions of high variance confound even the state-of-the-art algorithms. In this report, we analyze the performance of two recently published methods using Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) that are meant to replace the more traditional feature-matching based approaches to the estimation of homography. Our evaluation of the CNN based methods focuses particularly on measuring the performance under conditions of significant noise, illumination shift, and occlusion. We also measure the benefits of training CNNs to varying degrees of noise. Additionally, we compare the effect of using color images instead of grayscale images for inputs to CNNs. Finally, we compare the results against baseline feature-matching based homography estimation methods using SIFT, SURF, and ORB. We find that CNNs can be trained to be more robust against noise, but at a small cost to accuracy in the noiseless case. Additionally, CNNs perform significantly better in conditions of extreme variance than their feature-matching based counterparts. With regard to color inputs, we conclude that with no change in the CNN architecture to take advantage of the additional information in the color planes, the difference in performance using color inputs or grayscale inputs is negligible. About the CNNs trained with noise-corrupted inputs, we show that training a CNN to a specific magnitude of noise leads to a "Goldilocks Zone" with regard to the noise levels where that CNN performs best.      
### 9.Hard Negative Mixing for Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01028.pdf)
>  Contrastive learning has become a key component of self-supervised learning approaches for computer vision. By learning to embed two augmented versions of the same image close to each other and to push the embeddings of different images apart, one can train highly transferable visual representations. As revealed by recent studies, heavy data augmentation and large sets of negatives are both crucial in learning such representations. At the same time, data mixing strategies either at the image or the feature level improve both supervised and semi-supervised learning by synthesizing novel examples, forcing networks to learn more robust features. In this paper, we argue that an important aspect of contrastive learning, i.e., the effect of hard negatives, has so far been neglected. To get more meaningful negative samples, current top contrastive self-supervised learning approaches either substantially increase the batch sizes, or keep very large memory banks; increasing the memory size, however, leads to diminishing returns in terms of performance. We therefore start by delving deeper into a top-performing framework and show evidence that harder negatives are needed to facilitate better and faster learning. Based on these observations, and motivated by the success of data mixing, we propose hard negative mixing strategies at the feature level, that can be computed on-the-fly with a minimal computational overhead. We exhaustively ablate our approach on linear classification, object detection and instance segmentation and show that employing our hard negative mixing procedure improves the quality of visual representations learned by a state-of-the-art self-supervised learning method.      
### 10.DecAug: Augmenting HOI Detection via Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01007.pdf)
>  Human-object interaction (HOI) detection requires a large amount of annotated data. Current algorithms suffer from insufficient training samples and category imbalance within datasets. To increase data efficiency, in this paper, we propose an efficient and effective data augmentation method called DecAug for HOI detection. Based on our proposed object state similarity metric, object patterns across different HOIs are shared to augment local object appearance features without changing their state. Further, we shift spatial correlation between humans and objects to other feasible configurations with the aid of a pose-guided Gaussian Mixture Model while preserving their interactions. Experiments show that our method brings up to 3.3 mAP and 1.6 mAP improvements on V-COCO and HICODET dataset for two advanced models. Specifically, interactions with fewer samples enjoy more notable improvement. Our method can be easily integrated into various HOI detection models with negligible extra computational consumption. Our code will be made publicly available.      
### 11.DIRV: Dense Interaction Region Voting for End-to-End Human-Object Interaction Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01005.pdf)
>  Recent years, human-object interaction (HOI) detection has achieved impressive advances. However, conventional two-stage methods are usually slow in inference. On the other hand, existing one-stage methods mainly focus on the union regions of interactions, which introduce unnecessary visual information as disturbances to HOI detection. To tackle the problems above, we propose a novel one-stage HOI detection approach DIRV in this paper, based on a new concept called interaction region for the HOI problem. Unlike previous methods, our approach concentrates on the densely sampled interaction regions across different scales for each human-object pair, so as to capture the subtle visual features that is most essential to the interaction. Moreover, in order to compensate for the detection flaws of a single interaction region, we introduce a novel voting strategy that makes full use of those overlapped interaction regions in place of conventional Non-Maximal Suppression (NMS). Extensive experiments on two popular benchmarks: V-COCO and HICO-DET show that our approach outperforms existing state-of-the-arts by a large margin with the highest inference speed and lightest network architecture. We achieved 56.1 mAP on V-COCO without addtional input. Our code will be made publicly available.      
### 12.RDCNet: Instance segmentation with a minimalist recurrent residual network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00991.pdf)
>  Instance segmentation is a key step for quantitative microscopy. While several machine learning based methods have been proposed for this problem, most of them rely on computationally complex models that are trained on surrogate tasks. Building on recent developments towards end-to-end trainable instance segmentation, we propose a minimalist recurrent network called recurrent dilated convolutional network (RDCNet), consisting of a shared stacked dilated convolution (sSDC) layer that iteratively refines its output and thereby generates interpretable intermediate predictions. It is light-weight and has few critical hyperparameters, which can be related to physical aspects such as object size or density.We perform a sensitivity analysis of its main parameters and we demonstrate its versatility on 3 tasks with different imaging modalities: nuclear segmentation of H&amp;E slides, of 3D anisotropic stacks from light-sheet fluorescence microscopy and leaf segmentation of top-view images of plants. It achieves state-of-the-art on 2 of the 3 datasets.      
### 13.Uncertainty driven probabilistic voxel selection for image registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00988.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel probabilistic voxel selection strategy for medical image registration in time-sensitive contexts, where the goal is aggressive voxel sampling (e.g. using less than 1% of the total number) while maintaining registration accuracy and low failure rate. We develop a Bayesian framework whereby, first, a voxel sampling probability field (VSPF) is built based on the uncertainty on the transformation parameters. We then describe a practical, multi-scale registration algorithm, where, at each optimization iteration, different voxel subsets are sampled based on the VSPF. The approach maximizes accuracy without committing to a particular fixed subset of voxels. The probabilistic sampling scheme developed is shown to manage the tradeoff between the robustness of traditional random voxel selection (by permitting more exploration) and the accuracy of fixed voxel selection (by permitting a greater proportion of informative voxels).      
### 14.Group Equivariant Stand-Alone Self-Attention For Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00977.pdf)
>  We provide a general self-attention formulation to impose group equivariance to arbitrary symmetry groups. This is achieved by defining positional encodings that are invariant to the action of the group considered. Since the group acts on the positional encoding directly, group equivariant self-attention networks (GSA-Nets) are steerable by nature. Our experiments on vision benchmarks demonstrate consistent improvements of GSA-Nets over non-equivariant self-attention networks.      
### 15.Taking Modality-free Human Identification as Zero-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00975.pdf)
>  Human identification is an important topic in event detection, person tracking, and public security. There have been numerous methods proposed for human identification, such as face identification, person re-identification, and gait identification. Typically, existing methods predominantly classify a queried image to a specific identity in an image gallery set (I2I). This is seriously limited for the scenario where only a textual description of the query or an attribute gallery set is available in a wide range of video surveillance applications (A2I or I2A). However, very few efforts have been devoted towards modality-free identification, i.e., identifying a query in a gallery set in a scalable way. In this work, we take an initial attempt, and formulate such a novel Modality-Free Human Identification (named MFHI) task as a generic zero-shot learning model in a scalable way. Meanwhile, it is capable of bridging the visual and semantic modalities by learning a discriminative prototype of each identity. In addition, the semantics-guided spatial attention is enforced on visual modality to obtain representations with both high global category-level and local attribute-level discrimination. Finally, we design and conduct an extensive group of experiments on two common challenging identification tasks, including face identification and person re-identification, demonstrating that our method outperforms a wide variety of state-of-the-art methods on modality-free human identification.      
### 16.RISA-Net: Rotation-Invariant Structure-Aware Network for Fine-Grained 3D Shape Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00973.pdf)
>  Fine-grained 3D shape retrieval aims to retrieve 3D shapes similar to a query shape in a repository with models belonging to the same class, which requires shape descriptors to be capable of representing detailed geometric information to discriminate shapes with globally similar structures. Moreover, 3D objects can be placed with arbitrary position and orientation in real-world applications, which further requires shape descriptors to be robust to rigid transformations. The shape descriptions used in existing 3D shape retrieval systems fail to meet the above two criteria. In this paper, we introduce a novel deep architecture, RISA-Net, which learns rotation invariant 3D shape descriptors that are capable of encoding fine-grained geometric information and structural information, and thus achieve accurate results on the task of fine-grained 3D object retrieval. RISA-Net extracts a set of compact and detailed geometric features part-wisely and discriminatively estimates the contribution of each semantic part to shape representation. Furthermore, our method is able to learn the importance of geometric and structural information of all the parts when generating the final compact latent feature of a 3D shape for fine-grained retrieval. We also build and publish a new 3D shape dataset with sub-class labels for validating the performance of fine-grained 3D shape retrieval methods. Qualitative and quantitative experiments show that our RISA-Net outperforms state-of-the-art methods on the fine-grained object retrieval task, demonstrating its capability in geometric detail extraction. The code and dataset are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/IGLICT/RisaNET" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 17.DOTS: Decoupling Operation and Topology in Differentiable Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00969.pdf)
>  Differentiable Architecture Search (DARTS) has attracted extensive attention due to its efficiency in searching for cell structures. However, DARTS mainly focuses on the operation search, leaving the cell topology implicitly depending on the searched operation weights. Hence, a problem is raised: can cell topology be well represented by the operation weights? The answer is negative because we observe that the operation weights fail to indicate the performance of cell topology. In this paper, we propose to Decouple the Operation and Topology Search (DOTS), which decouples the cell topology representation from the operation weights to make an explicit topology search. DOTS is achieved by defining an additional cell topology search space besides the original operation search space. Within the DOTS framework, we propose group annealing operation search and edge annealing topology search to bridge the optimization gap between the searched over-parameterized network and the derived child network. DOTS is efficient and only costs 0.2 and 1 GPU-day to search the state-of-the-art cell architectures on CIFAR and ImageNet, respectively. By further searching for the topology of DARTS' searched cell, we can improve DARTS' performance significantly. The code will be publicly available.      
### 18.MGD-GAN: Text-to-Pedestrian generation through Multi-Grained Discrimination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00947.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate the problem of text-to-pedestrian synthesis, which has many potential applications in art, design, and video surveillance. Existing methods for text-to-bird/flower synthesis are still far from solving this fine-grained image generation problem, due to the complex structure and heterogeneous appearance that the pedestrians naturally take on. To this end, we propose the Multi-Grained Discrimination enhanced Generative Adversarial Network, that capitalizes a human-part-based Discriminator (HPD) and a self-cross-attended (SCA) global Discriminator in order to capture the coherence of the complex body structure. A fined-grained word-level attention mechanism is employed in the HPD module to enforce diversified appearance and vivid details. In addition, two pedestrian generation metrics, named Pose Score and Pose Variance, are devised to evaluate the generation quality and diversity, respectively. We conduct extensive experiments and ablation studies on the caption-annotated pedestrian dataset, CUHK Person Description Dataset. The substantial improvement over the various metrics demonstrates the efficacy of MGD-GAN on the text-to-pedestrian synthesis scenario.      
### 19.Image-based underwater 3D reconstruction for Cultural Heritage: from image collection to 3D. Critical steps and considerations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00928.pdf)
>  Underwater Cultural Heritage (CH) sites are widely spread; from ruins in coastlines up to shipwrecks in deep. The documentation and preservation of this heritage is an obligation of the mankind, dictated also by the international treaties like the Convention on the Protection of the Underwater Cultural Her-itage which fosters the use of "non-destructive techniques and survey meth-ods in preference over the recovery of objects". However, submerged CH lacks in protection and monitoring in regards to the land CH and nowadays recording and documenting, for digital preservation as well as dissemination through VR to wide public, is of most importance. At the same time, it is most difficult to document it, due to inherent restrictions posed by the environ-ment. In order to create high detailed textured 3D models, optical sensors and photogrammetric techniques seems to be the best solution. This chapter dis-cusses critical aspects of all phases of image based underwater 3D reconstruc-tion process, from data acquisition and data preparation using colour restora-tion and colour enhancement algorithms to Structure from Motion (SfM) and Multi-View Stereo (MVS) techniques to produce an accurate, precise and complete 3D model for a number of applications.      
### 20.Multiple Infrared Small Targets Detection based on Hierarchical Maximal Entropy Random Walk  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00923.pdf)
>  The technique of detecting multiple dim and small targets with low signal-to-clutter ratios (SCR) is very important for infrared search and tracking systems. In this paper, we establish a detection method derived from maximal entropy random walk (MERW) to robustly detect multiple small targets. Initially, we introduce the primal MERW and analyze the feasibility of applying it to small target detection. However, the original weight matrix of the MERW is sensitive to interferences. Therefore, a specific weight matrix is designed for the MERW in principle of enhancing characteristics of small targets and suppressing strong clutters. Moreover, the primal MERW has a critical limitation of strong bias to the most salient small target. To achieve multiple small targets detection, we develop a hierarchical version of the MERW method. Based on the hierarchical MERW (HMERW), we propose a small target detection method as follows. First, filtering technique is used to smooth the infrared image. Second, an output map is obtained by importing the filtered image into the HMERW. Then, a coefficient map is constructed to fuse the stationary dirtribution map of the HMERW. Finally, an adaptive threshold is used to segment multiple small targets from the fusion map. Extensive experiments on practical data sets demonstrate that the proposed method is superior to the state-of-the-art methods in terms of target enhancement, background suppression and multiple small targets detection.      
### 21.Self-Play Reinforcement Learning for Fast Image Retargeting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00909.pdf)
>  In this study, we address image retargeting, which is a task that adjusts input images to arbitrary sizes. In one of the best-performing methods called MULTIOP, multiple retargeting operators were combined and retargeted images at each stage were generated to find the optimal sequence of operators that minimized the distance between original and retargeted images. The limitation of this method is in its tremendous processing time, which severely prohibits its practical use. Therefore, the purpose of this study is to find the optimal combination of operators within a reasonable processing time; we propose a method of predicting the optimal operator for each step using a reinforcement learning agent. The technical contributions of this study are as follows. Firstly, we propose a reward based on self-play, which will be insensitive to the large variance in the content-dependent distance measured in MULTIOP. Secondly, we propose to dynamically change the loss weight for each action to prevent the algorithm from falling into a local optimum and from choosing only the most frequently used operator in its training. Our experiments showed that we achieved multi-operator image retargeting with less processing time by three orders of magnitude and the same quality as the original multi-operator-based method, which was the best-performing algorithm in retargeting tasks.      
### 22.OpenTraj: Assessing Prediction Complexity in Human Trajectories Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00890.pdf)
>  Human Trajectory Prediction (HTP) has gained much momentum in the last years and many solutions have been proposed to solve it. Proper benchmarking being a key issue for comparing methods, this paper addresses the question of evaluating how complex is a given dataset with respect to the prediction problem. For assessing a dataset complexity, we define a series of indicators around three concepts: Trajectory predictability; Trajectory regularity; Context complexity. We compare the most common datasets used in HTP in the light of these indicators and discuss what this may imply on benchmarking of HTP algorithms. Our source code is released on      
### 23.Remote Sensing Image Scene Classification with Self-Supervised Paradigm under Limited Labeled Samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00882.pdf)
>  With the development of deep learning, supervised learning methods perform well in remote sensing images (RSIs) scene classification. However, supervised learning requires a huge number of annotated data for training. When labeled samples are not sufficient, the most common solution is to fine-tune the pre-training models using a large natural image dataset (e.g. ImageNet). However, this learning paradigm is not a panacea, especially when the target remote sensing images (e.g. multispectral and hyperspectral data) have different imaging mechanisms from RGB natural images. To solve this problem, we introduce new self-supervised learning (SSL) mechanism to obtain the high-performance pre-training model for RSIs scene classification from large unlabeled data. Experiments on three commonly used RSIs scene classification datasets demonstrated that this new learning paradigm outperforms the traditional dominant ImageNet pre-trained model. Moreover, we analyze the impacts of several factors in SSL on RSIs scene classification tasks, including the choice of self-supervised signals, the domain difference between the source and target dataset, and the amount of pre-training data. The insights distilled from our studies can help to foster the development of SSL in the remote sensing community. Since SSL could learn from unlabeled massive RSIs which are extremely easy to obtain, it will be a potentially promising way to alleviate dependence on labeled samples and thus efficiently solve many problems, such as global mapping.      
### 24.Rotated Ring, Radial and Depth Wise Separable Radial Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00873.pdf)
>  Simple image rotations significantly reduce the accuracy of deep neural networks. Moreover, training with all possible rotations increases the data set, which also increases the training duration. In this work, we address trainable rotation invariant convolutions as well as the construction of nets, since fully connected layers can only be rotation invariant with a one-dimensional input. On the one hand, we show that our approach is rotationally invariant for different models and on different public data sets. We also discuss the influence of purely rotational invariant features on accuracy. The rotationally adaptive convolution models presented in this work are more computationally intensive than normal convolution models. Therefore, we also present a depth wise separable approach with radial convolution. Link to CUDA code <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://atreus.informatik.uni-tuebingen.de/seafile/d/8e2ab8c3fdd444e1a135/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 25.Weight and Gradient Centralization in Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00866.pdf)
>  Batch normalization is currently the most widely used variant of internal normalization for deep neural networks. Additional work has shown that the normalization of weights and additional conditioning as well as the normalization of gradients further improve the generalization. In this work, we combine several of these methods and thereby increase the generalization of the networks. The advantage of the newer methods compared to the batch normalization is not only increased generalization, but also that these methods only have to be applied during training and, therefore, do not influence the running time during use. Link to CUDA code <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://atreus.informatik.uni-tuebingen.de/seafile/d/8e2ab8c3fdd444e1a135/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 26.CAPTION: Correction by Analyses, POS-Tagging and Interpretation of Objects using only Nouns  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00839.pdf)
>  Recently, Deep Learning (DL) methods have shown an excellent performance in image captioning and visual question answering. However, despite their performance, DL methods do not learn the semantics of the words that are being used to describe a scene, making it difficult to spot incorrect words used in captions or to interchange words that have similar meanings. This work proposes a combination of DL methods for object detection and natural language processing to validate image's captions. We test our method in the FOIL-COCO data set, since it provides correct and incorrect captions for various images using only objects represented in the MS-COCO image data set. Results show that our method has a good overall performance, in some cases similar to the human performance.      
### 27.Discriminative and Generative Models for Anatomical Shape Analysison Point Clouds with Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00820.pdf)
>  We introduce deep neural networks for the analysis of anatomical shapes that learn a low-dimensional shape representation from the given task, instead of relying on hand-engineered representations. Our framework is modular and consists of several computing blocks that perform fundamental shape processing tasks. The networks operate on unordered point clouds and provide invariance to similarity transformations, avoiding the need to identify point correspondences between shapes. Based on the framework, we assemble a discriminative model for disease classification and age regression, as well as a generative model for the accruate reconstruction of shapes. In particular, we propose a conditional generative model, where the condition vector provides a mechanism to control the generative process. instance, it enables to assess shape variations specific to a particular diagnosis, when passing it as side information. Next to working on single shapes, we introduce an extension for the joint analysis of multiple anatomical structures, where the simultaneous modeling of multiple structures can lead to a more compact encoding and a better understanding of disorders. We demonstrate the advantages of our framework in comprehensive experiments on real and synthetic data. The key insights are that (i) learning a shape representation specific to the given task yields higher performance than alternative shape descriptors, (ii) multi-structure analysis is both more efficient and more accurate than single-structure analysis, and (iii) point clouds generated by our model capture morphological differences associated to Alzheimers disease, to the point that they can be used to train a discriminative model for disease classification. Our framework naturally scales to the analysis of large datasets, giving it the potential to learn characteristic variations in large populations.      
### 28.Deep4Air: A Novel Deep Learning Framework for Airport Airside Surveillance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00806.pdf)
>  An airport runway and taxiway (airside) area is a highly dynamic and complex environment featuring interactions between different types of vehicles (speed and dimension), under varying visibility and traffic conditions. Airport ground movements are deemed safety-critical activities, and safe-separation procedures must be maintained by Air Traffic Controllers (ATCs). Large airports with complicated runway-taxiway systems use advanced ground surveillance systems. However, these systems have inherent limitations and a lack of real-time analytics. In this paper, we propose a novel computer-vision based framework, namely "Deep4Air", which can not only augment the ground surveillance systems via the automated visual monitoring of runways and taxiways for aircraft location, but also provide real-time speed and distance analytics for aircraft on runways and taxiways. The proposed framework includes an adaptive deep neural network for efficiently detecting and tracking aircraft. The experimental results show an average precision of detection and tracking of up to 99.8% on simulated data with validations on surveillance videos from the digital tower at George Bush Intercontinental Airport. The results also demonstrate that "Deep4Air" can locate aircraft positions relative to the airport runway and taxiway infrastructure with high accuracy. Furthermore, aircraft speed and separation distance are monitored in real-time, providing enhanced safety management.      
### 29.PrognoseNet: A Generative Probabilistic Framework for Multimodal Position Prediction given Context Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00802.pdf)
>  The ability to predict multiple possible future positions of the ego-vehicle given the surrounding context while also estimating their probabilities is key to safe autonomous driving. Most of the current state-of-the-art Deep Learning approaches are trained on trajectory data to achieve this task. However trajectory data captured by sensor systems is highly imbalanced, since by far most of the trajectories follow straight lines with an approximately constant velocity. This poses a huge challenge for the task of predicting future positions, which is inherently a regression problem. Current state-of-the-art approaches alleviate this problem only by major preprocessing of the training data, e.g. resampling, clustering into anchors etc. In this paper we propose an approach which reformulates the prediction problem as a classification task, allowing for powerful tools, e.g. focal loss, to combat the imbalance. To this end we design a generative probabilistic model consisting of a deep neural network with a Mixture of Gaussian head. A smart choice of the latent variable allows for the reformulation of the log-likelihood function as a combination of a classification problem and a much simplified regression problem. The output of our model is an estimate of the probability density function of future positions, hence allowing for prediction of multiple possible positions while also estimating their probabilities. The proposed approach can easily incorporate context information and does not require any preprocessing of the data.      
### 30.Block-wise Image Transformation with Secret Key for Adversarially Robust Defense  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00801.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel defensive transformation that enables us to maintain a high classification accuracy under the use of both clean images and adversarial examples for adversarially robust defense. The proposed transformation is a block-wise preprocessing technique with a secret key to input images. We developed three algorithms to realize the proposed transformation: Pixel Shuffling, Bit Flipping, and FFX Encryption. Experiments were carried out on the CIFAR-10 and ImageNet datasets by using both black-box and white-box attacks with various metrics including adaptive ones. The results show that the proposed defense achieves high accuracy close to that of using clean images even under adaptive attacks for the first time. In the best-case scenario, a model trained by using images transformed by FFX Encryption (block size of 4) yielded an accuracy of 92.30% on clean images and 91.48% under PGD attack with a noise distance of 8/255, which is close to the non-robust accuracy (95.45%) for the CIFAR-10 dataset, and it yielded an accuracy of 72.18% on clean images and 71.43% under the same attack, which is also close to the standard accuracy (73.70%) for the ImageNet dataset. Overall, all three proposed algorithms are demonstrated to outperform state-of-the-art defenses including adversarial training whether or not a model is under attack.      
### 31.Online Knowledge Distillation via Multi-branch Diversity Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00795.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation is an effective method to transfer the knowledge from the cumbersome teacher model to the lightweight student model. Online knowledge distillation uses the ensembled prediction results of multiple student models as soft targets to train each student model. However, the homogenization problem will lead to difficulty in further improving model performance. In this work, we propose a new distillation method to enhance the diversity among multiple student models. We introduce Feature Fusion Module (FFM), which improves the performance of the attention mechanism in the network by integrating rich semantic information contained in the last block of multiple student models. Furthermore, we use the Classifier Diversification(CD) loss function to strengthen the differences between the student models and deliver a better ensemble result. Extensive experiments proved that our method significantly enhances the diversity among student models and brings better distillation performance. We evaluate our method on three image classification datasets: CIFAR-10/100 and CINIC-10. The results show that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance on these datasets.      
### 32.A Parallel Down-Up Fusion Network for Salient Object Detection in Optical Remote Sensing Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00793.pdf)
>  The diverse spatial resolutions, various object types, scales and orientations, and cluttered backgrounds in optical remote sensing images (RSIs) challenge the current salient object detection (SOD) approaches. It is commonly unsatisfactory to directly employ the SOD approaches designed for nature scene images (NSIs) to RSIs. In this paper, we propose a novel Parallel Down-up Fusion network (PDF-Net) for SOD in optical RSIs, which takes full advantage of the in-path low- and high-level features and cross-path multi-resolution features to distinguish diversely scaled salient objects and suppress the cluttered backgrounds. To be specific, keeping a key observation that the salient objects still are salient no matter the resolutions of images are in mind, the PDF-Net takes successive down-sampling to form five parallel paths and perceive scaled salient objects that are commonly existed in optical RSIs. Meanwhile, we adopt the dense connections to take advantage of both low- and high-level information in the same path and build up the relations of cross paths, which explicitly yield strong feature representations. At last, we fuse the multiple-resolution features in parallel paths to combine the benefits of the features with different resolutions, i.e., the high-resolution feature consisting of complete structure and clear details while the low-resolution features highlighting the scaled salient objects. Extensive experiments on the ORSSD dataset demonstrate that the proposed network is superior to the state-of-the-art approaches both qualitatively and quantitatively.      
### 33.Deep Learning for Earth Image Segmentation based on Imperfect Polyline Labels with Annotation Errors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00757.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep learning techniques (e.g., U-Net, DeepLab) have achieved tremendous success in image segmentation. The performance of these models heavily relies on high-quality ground truth segment labels. Unfortunately, in many real-world problems, ground truth segment labels often have geometric annotation errors due to manual annotation mistakes, GPS errors, or visually interpreting background imagery at a coarse resolution. Such location errors will significantly impact the training performance of existing deep learning algorithms. Existing research on label errors either models ground truth errors in label semantics (assuming label locations to be correct) or models label location errors with simple square patch shifting. These methods cannot fully incorporate the geometric properties of label location errors. To fill the gap, this paper proposes a generic learning framework based on the EM algorithm to update deep learning model parameters and infer hidden true label locations simultaneously. Evaluations on a real-world hydrological dataset in the streamline refinement application show that the proposed framework outperforms baseline methods in classification accuracy (reducing the number of false positives by 67% and reducing the number of false negatives by 55%).      
### 34.Contrastive Learning of Medical Visual Representations from Paired Images and Text  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00747.pdf)
>  Learning visual representations of medical images is core to medical image understanding but its progress has been held back by the small size of hand-labeled datasets. Existing work commonly relies on transferring weights from ImageNet pretraining, which is suboptimal due to drastically different image characteristics, or rule-based label extraction from the textual report data paired with medical images, which is inaccurate and hard to generalize. We propose an alternative unsupervised strategy to learn medical visual representations directly from the naturally occurring pairing of images and textual data. Our method of pretraining medical image encoders with the paired text data via a bidirectional contrastive objective between the two modalities is domain-agnostic, and requires no additional expert input. We test our method by transferring our pretrained weights to 4 medical image classification tasks and 2 zero-shot retrieval tasks, and show that our method leads to image representations that considerably outperform strong baselines in most settings. Notably, in all 4 classification tasks, our method requires only 10% as much labeled training data as an ImageNet initialized counterpart to achieve better or comparable performance, demonstrating superior data efficiency.      
### 35.Smart-Inspect: Micro Scale Localization and Classification of Smartphone Glass Defects for Industrial Automation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00741.pdf)
>  The presence of any type of defect on the glass screen of smart devices has a great impact on their quality. We present a robust semi-supervised learning framework for intelligent micro-scaled localization and classification of defects on a 16K pixel image of smartphone glass. Our model features the efficient recognition and labeling of three types of defects: scratches, light leakage due to cracks, and pits. Our method also differentiates between the defects and light reflections due to dust particles and sensor regions, which are classified as non-defect areas. We use a partially labeled dataset to achieve high robustness and excellent classification of defect and non-defect areas as compared to principal components analysis (PCA), multi-resolution and information-fusion-based algorithms. In addition, we incorporated two classifiers at different stages of our inspection framework for labeling and refining the unlabeled defects. We successfully enhanced the inspection depth-limit up to 5 microns. The experimental results show that our method outperforms manual inspection in testing the quality of glass screen samples by identifying defects on samples that have been marked as good by human inspection.      
### 36.Cycle-Consistent Adversarial Autoencoders for Unsupervised Text Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00735.pdf)
>  Unsupervised text style transfer is full of challenges due to the lack of parallel data and difficulties in content preservation. In this paper, we propose a novel neural approach to unsupervised text style transfer, which we refer to as Cycle-consistent Adversarial autoEncoders (CAE) trained from non-parallel data. CAE consists of three essential components: (1) LSTM autoencoders that encode a text in one style into its latent representation and decode an encoded representation into its original text or a transferred representation into a style-transferred text, (2) adversarial style transfer networks that use an adversarially trained generator to transform a latent representation in one style into a representation in another style, and (3) a cycle-consistent constraint that enhances the capacity of the adversarial style transfer networks in content preservation. The entire CAE with these three components can be trained end-to-end. Extensive experiments and in-depth analyses on two widely-used public datasets consistently validate the effectiveness of proposed CAE in both style transfer and content preservation against several strong baselines in terms of four automatic evaluation metrics and human evaluation.      
### 37.LiRaNet: End-to-End Trajectory Prediction using Spatio-Temporal Radar Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00731.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present LiRaNet, a novel end-to-end trajectory prediction method which utilizes radar sensor information along with widely used lidar and high definition (HD) maps. Automotive radar provides rich, complementary information, allowing for longer range vehicle detection as well as instantaneous radial velocity measurements. However, there are factors that make the fusion of lidar and radar information challenging, such as the relatively low angular resolution of radar measurements, their sparsity and the lack of exact time synchronization with lidar. To overcome these challenges, we propose an efficient spatio-temporal radar feature extraction scheme which achieves state-of-the-art performance on multiple large-scale datasets.Further, by incorporating radar information, we show a 52% reduction in prediction error for objects with high acceleration and a 16% reduction in prediction error for objects at longer range.      
### 38.Using ROC and Unlabeled Data for Increasing Low-Shot Transfer Learning Classification Accuracy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00721.pdf)
>  One of the most important characteristics of human visual intelligence is the ability to identify unknown objects. The capability to distinguish between a substance which a human mind has no previous experience of and a familiar object, is innate to every human. In everyday life, within seconds of seeing an "unknown" object, we are able to categorize it as such without any substantial effort. Convolutional Neural Networks, regardless of how they are trained (i.e. in a conventional manner or through transfer learning) can recognize only the classes that they are trained for. When using them for classification, any candidate image will be placed in one of the available classes. We propose a low-shot classifier which can serve as the top layer to any existing CNN that the feature extractor was already trained. Using a limited amount of labeled data for the type of images which need to be specifically classified along with unlabeled data for all other images, a unique target matrix and a Receiver Operator Curve (ROC) criterion, we are able to increase identification accuracy by up to 30% for the images that do not belong to any specific classes, while retaining the ability to identify images that belong to the specific classes of interest.      
### 39.Deep Reinforcement Learning with Mixed Convolutional Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00717.pdf)
>  Recent research has shown that map raw pixels from a single front-facing camera directly to steering commands are surprisingly powerful. This paper presents a convolutional neural network (CNN) to playing the CarRacing-v0 using imitation learning in OpenAI Gym. The dataset is generated by playing the game manually in Gym and used a data augmentation method to expand the dataset to 4 times larger than before. Also, we read the true speed, four ABS sensors, steering wheel position, and gyroscope for each image and designed a mixed model by combining the sensor input and image input. After training, this model can automatically detect the boundaries of road features and drive the robot like a human. By comparing with AlexNet and VGG16 using the average reward in CarRacing-v0, our model wins the maximum overall system performance.      
### 40.Binary Neural Networks for Memory-Efficient and Effective Visual Place Recognition in Changing Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00716.pdf)
>  Visual place recognition (VPR) is a robot's ability to determine whether a place was visited before using visual data. While conventional hand-crafted methods for VPR fail under extreme environmental appearance changes, those based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) achieve state-of-the-art performance but result in model sizes that demand a large amount of memory. Hence, CNN-based approaches are unsuitable for memory-constrained platforms, such as small robots and drones. In this paper, we take a multi-step approach of decreasing the precision of model parameters, combining it with network depth reduction and fewer neurons in the classifier stage to propose a new class of highly compact models that drastically reduce the memory requirements while maintaining state-of-the-art VPR performance, and can be tuned to various platforms and application scenarios. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to propose binary neural networks for solving the visual place recognition problem effectively under changing conditions and with significantly reduced memory requirements. Our best-performing binary neural network with a minimum number of layers, dubbed FloppyNet, achieves comparable VPR performance when considered against its full precision and deeper counterparts while consuming 99% less memory.      
### 41.Learned Dual-View Reflection Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00702.pdf)
>  Traditional reflection removal algorithms either use a single image as input, which suffers from intrinsic ambiguities, or use multiple images from a moving camera, which is inconvenient for users. We instead propose a learning-based dereflection algorithm that uses stereo images as input. This is an effective trade-off between the two extremes: the parallax between two views provides cues to remove reflections, and two views are easy to capture due to the adoption of stereo cameras in smartphones. Our model consists of a learning-based reflection-invariant flow model for dual-view registration, and a learned synthesis model for combining aligned image pairs. Because no dataset for dual-view reflection removal exists, we render a synthetic dataset of dual-views with and without reflections for use in training. Our evaluation on an additional real-world dataset of stereo pairs shows that our algorithm outperforms existing single-image and multi-image dereflection approaches.      
### 42.Active Learning for Bayesian 3D Hand Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00694.pdf)
>  We propose a Bayesian approximation to a deep learning architecture for 3D hand pose estimation. Through this framework, we explore and analyse the two types of uncertainties that are influenced either by data or by the learning capability. Furthermore, we draw comparisons against the standard estimator over three popular benchmarks. The first contribution lies in outperforming the baseline while in the second part we address the active learning application. We also show that with a newly proposed acquisition function, our Bayesian 3D hand pose estimator obtains lowest errors with the least amount of data. The underlying code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/razvancaramalau/al_bhpe" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 43.Explaining Convolutional Neural Networks through Attribution-Based Input Sampling and Block-Wise Feature Aggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00672.pdf)
>  As an emerging field in Machine Learning, Explainable AI (XAI) has been offering remarkable performance in interpreting the decisions made by Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). To achieve visual explanations for CNNs, methods based on class activation mapping and randomized input sampling have gained great popularity. However, the attribution methods based on these techniques provide lower resolution and blurry explanation maps that limit their explanation power. To circumvent this issue, visualization based on various layers is sought. In this work, we collect visualization maps from multiple layers of the model based on an attribution-based input sampling technique and aggregate them to reach a fine-grained and complete explanation. We also propose a layer selection strategy that applies to the whole family of CNN-based models, based on which our extraction framework is applied to visualize the last layers of each convolutional block of the model. Moreover, we perform an empirical analysis of the efficacy of derived lower-level information to enhance the represented attributions. Comprehensive experiments conducted on shallow and deep models trained on natural and industrial datasets, using both ground-truth and model-truth based evaluation metrics validate our proposed algorithm by meeting or outperforming the state-of-the-art methods in terms of explanation ability and visual quality, demonstrating that our method shows stability regardless of the size of objects or instances to be explained.      
### 44.Multiscale Detection of Cancerous Tissue in High Resolution Slide Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00641.pdf)
>  We present an algorithm for multi-scale tumor (chimeric cell) detection in high resolution slide scans. The broad range of tumor sizes in our dataset pose a challenge for current Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) which often fail when image features are very small (8 pixels). Our approach modifies the effective receptive field at different layers in a CNN so that objects with a broad range of varying scales can be detected in a single forward pass. We define rules for computing adaptive prior anchor boxes which we show are solvable under the equal proportion interval principle. Two mechanisms in our CNN architecture alleviate the effects of non-discriminative features prevalent in our data - a foveal detection algorithm that incorporates a cascade residual-inception module and a deconvolution module with additional context information. When integrated into a Single Shot MultiBox Detector (SSD), these additions permit more accurate detection of small-scale objects. The results permit efficient real-time analysis of medical images in pathology and related biomedical research fields.      
### 45.StreamSoNG: A Soft Streaming Classification Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00635.pdf)
>  Examining most streaming clustering algorithms leads to the understanding that they are actually incremental classification models. They model existing and newly discovered structures via summary information that we call footprints. Incoming data is normally assigned crisp labels (into one of the structures) and that structure's footprints are incrementally updated. There is no reason that these assignments need to be crisp. In this paper, we propose a new streaming classification algorithm that uses Neural Gas prototypes as footprints and produces a possibilistic label vector (typicalities) for each incoming vector. These typicalities are generated by a modified possibilistic k-nearest neighbor algorithm. The approach is tested on synthetic and real image datasets with excellent results.      
### 46.Efficient Image Super-Resolution Using Pixel Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01073.pdf)
>  This work aims at designing a lightweight convolutional neural network for image super resolution (SR). With simplicity bare in mind, we construct a pretty concise and effective network with a newly proposed pixel attention scheme. Pixel attention (PA) is similar as channel attention and spatial attention in formulation. The difference is that PA produces 3D attention maps instead of a 1D attention vector or a 2D map. This attention scheme introduces fewer additional parameters but generates better SR results. On the basis of PA, we propose two building blocks for the main branch and the reconstruction branch, respectively. The first one - SC-PA block has the same structure as the Self-Calibrated convolution but with our PA layer. This block is much more efficient than conventional residual/dense blocks, for its twobranch architecture and attention scheme. While the second one - UPA block combines the nearest-neighbor upsampling, convolution and PA layers. It improves the final reconstruction quality with little parameter cost. Our final model- PAN could achieve similar performance as the lightweight networks - SRResNet and CARN, but with only 272K parameters (17.92% of SRResNet and 17.09% of CARN). The effectiveness of each proposed component is also validated by ablation study. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhaohengyuan1/PAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 47.Attention-Based Clustering: Learning a Kernel from Context  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01040.pdf)
>  In machine learning, no data point stands alone. We believe that context is an underappreciated concept in many machine learning methods. We propose Attention-Based Clustering (ABC), a neural architecture based on the attention mechanism, which is designed to learn latent representations that adapt to context within an input set, and which is inherently agnostic to input sizes and number of clusters. By learning a similarity kernel, our method directly combines with any out-of-the-box kernel-based clustering approach. We present competitive results for clustering Omniglot characters and include analytical evidence of the effectiveness of an attention-based approach for clustering.      
### 48.Encoded Prior Sliced Wasserstein AutoEncoder for learning latent manifold representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01037.pdf)
>  While variational autoencoders have been successful generative models for a variety of tasks, the use of conventional Gaussian or Gaussian mixture priors are limited in their ability to capture topological or geometric properties of data in the latent representation. In this work, we introduce an Encoded Prior Sliced Wasserstein AutoEncoder (EPSWAE) wherein an additional prior-encoder network learns an unconstrained prior to match the encoded data manifold. The autoencoder and prior-encoder networks are iteratively trained using the Sliced Wasserstein Distance (SWD), which efficiently measures the distance between two $\textit{arbitrary}$ sampleable distributions without being constrained to a specific form as in the KL divergence, and without requiring expensive adversarial training. Additionally, we enhance the conventional SWD by introducing a nonlinear shearing, i.e., averaging over random $\textit{nonlinear}$ transformations, to better capture differences between two distributions. The prior is further encouraged to encode the data manifold by use of a structural consistency term that encourages isometry between feature space and latent space. Lastly, interpolation along $\textit{geodesics}$ on the latent space representation of the data manifold generates samples that lie on the manifold and hence is advantageous compared with standard Euclidean interpolation. To this end, we introduce a graph-based algorithm for identifying network-geodesics in latent space from samples of the prior that maximize the density of samples along the path while minimizing total energy. We apply our framework to 3D-spiral, MNIST, and CelebA datasets, and show that its latent representations and interpolations are comparable to the state of the art on equivalent architectures.      
### 49.Understanding the Predictability of Gesture Parameters from Speech and their Perceptual Importance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00995.pdf)
>  Gesture behavior is a natural part of human conversation. Much work has focused on removing the need for tedious hand-animation to create embodied conversational agents by designing speech-driven gesture generators. However, these generators often work in a black-box manner, assuming a general relationship between input speech and output motion. As their success remains limited, we investigate in more detail how speech may relate to different aspects of gesture motion. We determine a number of parameters characterizing gesture, such as speed and gesture size, and explore their relationship to the speech signal in a two-fold manner. First, we train multiple recurrent networks to predict the gesture parameters from speech to understand how well gesture attributes can be modeled from speech alone. We find that gesture parameters can be partially predicted from speech, and some parameters, such as path length, being predicted more accurately than others, like velocity. Second, we design a perceptual study to assess the importance of each gesture parameter for producing motion that people perceive as appropriate for the speech. Results show that a degradation in any parameter was viewed negatively, but some changes, such as hand shape, are more impactful than others. A video summarization can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/aw6-_5kmLjY" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 50.An Empirical Study of DNNs Robustification Inefficacy in Protecting Visual Recommenders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00984.pdf)
>  Visual-based recommender systems (VRSs) enhance recommendation performance by integrating users' feedback with the visual features of product images extracted from a deep neural network (DNN). Recently, human-imperceptible images perturbations, defined \textit{adversarial attacks}, have been demonstrated to alter the VRSs recommendation performance, e.g., pushing/nuking category of products. However, since adversarial training techniques have proven to successfully robustify DNNs in preserving classification accuracy, to the best of our knowledge, two important questions have not been investigated yet: 1) How well can these defensive mechanisms protect the VRSs performance? 2) What are the reasons behind ineffective/effective defenses? To answer these questions, we define a set of defense and attack settings, as well as recommender models, to empirically investigate the efficacy of defensive mechanisms. The results indicate alarming risks in protecting a VRS through the DNN robustification. Our experiments shed light on the importance of visual features in very effective attack scenarios. Given the financial impact of VRSs on many companies, we believe this work might rise the need to investigate how to successfully protect visual-based recommenders. Source code and data are available at https://anonymous.4open.science/r/868f87ca-c8a4-41ba-9af9-20c41de33029/.      
### 51.A Deep-Unfolded Reference-Based RPCA Network For Video Foreground-Background Separation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00929.pdf)
>  Deep unfolded neural networks are designed by unrolling the iterations of optimization algorithms. They can be shown to achieve faster convergence and higher accuracy than their optimization counterparts. This paper proposes a new deep-unfolding-based network design for the problem of Robust Principal Component Analysis (RPCA) with application to video foreground-background separation. Unlike existing designs, our approach focuses on modeling the temporal correlation between the sparse representations of consecutive video frames. To this end, we perform the unfolding of an iterative algorithm for solving reweighted $\ell_1$-$\ell_1$ minimization; this unfolding leads to a different proximal operator (a.k.a. different activation function) adaptively learned per neuron. Experimentation using the moving MNIST dataset shows that the proposed network outperforms a recently proposed state-of-the-art RPCA network in the task of video foreground-background separation.      
### 52.Tubular Shape Aware Data Generation for Semantic Segmentation in Medical Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00907.pdf)
>  Chest X-ray is one of the most widespread examinations of the human body. In interventional radiology, its use is frequently associated with the need to visualize various tube-like objects, such as puncture needles, guiding sheaths, wires, and catheters. Detection and precise localization of these tube-like objects in the X-ray images is, therefore, of utmost value, catalyzing the development of accurate target-specific segmentation algorithms. Similar to the other medical imaging tasks, the manual pixel-wise annotation of the tubes is a resource-consuming process. In this work, we aim to alleviate the lack of the annotated images by using artificial data. Specifically, we present an approach for synthetic data generation of the tube-shaped objects, with a generative adversarial network being regularized with a prior-shape constraint. Our method eliminates the need for paired image--mask data and requires only a weakly-labeled dataset (10--20 images) to reach the accuracy of the fully-supervised models. We report the applicability of the approach for the task of segmenting tubes and catheters in the X-ray images, whereas the results should also hold for the other imaging modalities.      
### 53.Weight Encode Reconstruction Network for Computed Tomography in a Semi-Case-Wise and Learning-Based Way  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00893.pdf)
>  Classic algebraic reconstruction technology (ART) for computed tomography requires pre-determined weights of the voxels for projecting pixel values. However, such weight cannot be accurately obtained due to the limitation of the physical understanding and computation resources. In this study, we propose a semi-case-wise learning-based method named Weight Encode Reconstruction Network (WERNet) to tackle the issues mentioned above. The model is trained in a self-supervised manner without the label of a voxel set. It contains two branches, including the voxel weight encoder and the voxel attention part. Using gradient normalization, we are able to co-train the encoder and voxel set numerically stably. With WERNet, the reconstructed result was obtained with a cosine similarity greater than 0.999 with the ground truth. Moreover, the model shows the extraordinary capability of denoising comparing to the classic ART method. In the generalization test of the model, the encoder is transferable from a voxel set with complex structure to the unseen cases without the deduction of the accuracy.      
### 54.Morphological segmentation of hyperspectral images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00853.pdf)
>  The present paper develops a general methodology for the morphological segmentation of hyperspectral images, i.e., with an important number of channels. This approach, based on watershed, is composed of a spectral classification to obtain the markers and a vectorial gradient which gives the spatial information. Several alternative gradients are adapted to the different hyperspectral functions. Data reduction is performed either by Factor Analysis or by model fitting. Image segmentation is done on different spaces: factor space, parameters space, etc. On all these spaces the spatial/spectral segmentation approach is applied, leading to relevant results on the image.      
### 55.Continuous close-range 3D object pose estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00829.pdf)
>  In the context of future manufacturing lines, removing fixtures will be a fundamental step to increase the flexibility of autonomous systems in assembly and logistic operations. Vision-based 3D pose estimation is a necessity to accurately handle objects that might not be placed at fixed positions during the robot task execution. Industrial tasks bring multiple challenges for the robust pose estimation of objects such as difficult object properties, tight cycle times and constraints on camera views. In particular, when interacting with objects, we have to work with close-range partial views of objects that pose a new challenge for typical view-based pose estimation methods. In this paper, we present a 3D pose estimation method based on a gradient-ascend particle filter that integrates new observations on-the-fly to improve the pose estimate. Thereby, we can apply this method online during task execution to save valuable cycle time. In contrast to other view-based pose estimation methods, we model potential views in full 6- dimensional space that allows us to cope with close-range partial objects views. We demonstrate the approach on a real assembly task, in which the algorithm usually converges to the correct pose within 10-15 iterations with an average accuracy of less than 8mm.      
### 56.Goal-Auxiliary Actor-Critic for 6D Robotic Grasping with Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00824.pdf)
>  6D robotic grasping beyond top-down bin-picking scenarios is a challenging task. Previous solutions based on 6D grasp synthesis with robot motion planning usually operate in an open-loop setting without considering the dynamics and contacts of objects, which makes them sensitive to grasp synthesis errors. In this work, we propose a novel method for learning closed-loop control policies for 6D robotic grasping using point clouds from an egocentric camera. We combine imitation learning and reinforcement learning in order to grasp unseen objects and handle the continuous 6D action space, where expert demonstrations are obtained from a joint motion and grasp planner. We introduce a goal-auxiliary actor-critic algorithm, which uses grasping goal prediction as an auxiliary task to facilitate policy learning. The supervision on grasping goals can be obtained from the expert planner for known objects or from hindsight goals for unknown objects. Overall, our learned closed-loop policy achieves over 90% success rates on grasping various ShapeNet objects and YCB objects in the simulation. Our video can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKsCRXLykiY&amp;t=1s" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 57.Explainable Online Validation of Machine Learning Models for Practical Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00821.pdf)
>  We present a reformulation of the regression and classification, which aims to validate the result of a machine learning algorithm. Our reformulation simplifies the original problem and validates the result of the machine learning algorithm using the training data. Since the validation of machine learning algorithms must always be explainable, we perform our experiments with the kNN algorithm as well as with an algorithm based on conditional probabilities, which is proposed in this work. For the evaluation of our approach, three publicly available data sets were used and three classification and two regression problems were evaluated. The presented algorithm based on conditional probabilities is also online capable and requires only a fraction of memory compared to the kNN algorithm.      
### 58.Bongard-LOGO: A New Benchmark for Human-Level Concept Learning and Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00763.pdf)
>  Humans have an inherent ability to learn novel concepts from only a few samples and generalize these concepts to different situations. Even though today's machine learning models excel with a plethora of training data on standard recognition tasks, a considerable gap exists between machine-level pattern recognition and human-level concept learning. To narrow this gap, the Bongard Problems (BPs) were introduced as an inspirational challenge for visual cognition in intelligent systems. Albeit new advances in representation learning and learning to learn, BPs remain a daunting challenge for modern AI. Inspired by the original one hundred BPs, we propose a new benchmark Bongard-LOGO for human-level concept learning and reasoning. We develop a program-guided generation technique to produce a large set of human-interpretable visual cognition problems in action-oriented LOGO language. Our benchmark captures three core properties of human cognition: 1) context-dependent perception, in which the same object may have disparate interpretations given different contexts; 2) analogy-making perception, in which some meaningful concepts are traded off for other meaningful concepts; and 3) perception with a few samples but infinite vocabulary. In experiments, we show that the state-of-the-art deep learning methods perform substantially worse than human subjects, implying that they fail to capture core human cognition properties. Finally, we discuss research directions towards a general architecture for visual reasoning to tackle this benchmark.      
### 59.Cell Complex Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00743.pdf)
>  Cell complexes are topological spaces constructed from simple blocks called cells. They generalize graphs, simplicial complexes, and polyhedral complexes that form important domains for practical applications. We propose a general, combinatorial, and unifying construction for performing neural network-type computations on cell complexes. Furthermore, we introduce inter-cellular message passing schemes, message passing schemes on cell complexes that take the topology of the underlying space into account. In particular, our method generalizes many of the most popular types of graph neural networks.      
### 60.BCNN: A Binary CNN with All Matrix Ops Quantized to 1 Bit Precision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00704.pdf)
>  This paper describes a CNN where all CNN style 2D convolution operations that lower to matrix matrix multiplication are fully binary. The network is derived from a common building block structure that is consistent with a constructive proof outline showing that binary neural networks are universal function approximators. High levels of accuracy on the 2012 ImageNet validation set are achieved with a 2 step training procedure and implementation strategies optimized for binary operands are provided.      
### 61.Implicit Rank-Minimizing Autoencoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00679.pdf)
>  An important component of autoencoders is the method by which the information capacity of the latent representation is minimized or limited. In this work, the rank of the covariance matrix of the codes is implicitly minimized by relying on the fact that gradient descent learning in multi-layer linear networks leads to minimum-rank solutions. By inserting a number of extra linear layers between the encoder and the decoder, the system spontaneously learns representations with a low effective dimension. The model, dubbed Implicit Rank-Minimizing Autoencoder (IRMAE), is simple, deterministic, and learns compact latent spaces. We demonstrate the validity of the method on several image generation and representation learning tasks.      
### 62.VAEBM: A Symbiosis between Variational Autoencoders and Energy-based Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00654.pdf)
>  Energy-based models (EBMs) have recently been successful in representing complex distributions of small images. However, sampling from them requires expensive Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) iterations that mix slowly in high dimensional pixel space. Unlike EBMs, variational autoencoders (VAEs) generate samples quickly and are equipped with a latent space that enables fast traversal of the data manifold. However, VAEs tend to assign high probability density to regions in data space outside the actual data distribution and often fail at generating sharp images. In this paper, we propose VAEBM, a symbiotic composition of a VAE and an EBM that offers the best of both worlds. VAEBM captures the overall mode structure of the data distribution using a state-of-the-art VAE and it relies on its EBM component to explicitly exclude non-data-like regions from the model and refine the image samples. Moreover, the VAE component in VAEBM allows us to speed up MCMC updates by reparameterizing them in the VAE's latent space. Our experimental results show that VAEBM outperforms state-of-the-art VAEs and EBMs in generative quality on several benchmark image datasets by a large margin. It can generate high-quality images as large as 256$\times$256 pixels with short MCMC chains. We also demonstrate that VAEBM provides complete mode coverage and performs well in out-of-distribution detection.      
### 63.Tabular GANs for uneven distribution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00638.pdf)
>  GANs are well known for success in the realistic image generation. However, they can be applied in tabular data generation as well. We will review and examine some recent papers about tabular GANs in action. We will generate data to make train distribution bring closer to the test. Then compare model performance trained on the initial train dataset, with trained on the train with GAN generated data, also we train the model by sampling train by adversarial training. We show that using GAN might be an option in case of uneven data distribution between train and test data.      
