# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 16 Oct 2020
### 1.LTN: Long-Term Network for Long-Term Motion Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07931.pdf)
>  Making accurate motion prediction of surrounding agents such as pedestrians and vehicles is a critical task when robots are trying to perform autonomous navigation tasks. Recent research on multi-modal trajectory prediction, including regression and classification approaches, perform very well at short-term prediction. However, when it comes to long-term prediction, most Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) based models tend to diverge far away from the ground truth. Therefore, in this work, we present a two-stage framework for long-term trajectory prediction, which is named as Long-Term Network (LTN). Our Long-Term Network integrates both the regression and classification approaches. We first generate a set of proposed trajectories with our proposed distribution using a Conditional Variational Autoencoder (CVAE), and then classify them with binary labels, and output the trajectories with the highest score. We demonstrate our Long-Term Network's performance with experiments on two real-world pedestrian datasets: ETH/UCY, Stanford Drone Dataset (SDD), and one challenging real-world driving forecasting dataset: nuScenes. The results show that our method outperforms multiple state-of-the-art approaches in long-term trajectory prediction in terms of accuracy.      
### 2.Auto Seg-Loss: Searching Metric Surrogates for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07930.pdf)
>  We propose a general framework for searching surrogate losses for mainstream semantic segmentation metrics. This is in contrast to existing loss functions manually designed for individual metrics. The searched surrogate losses can generalize well to other datasets and networks. Extensive experiments on PASCAL VOC and Cityscapes demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach. Code shall be released.      
### 3.An Empirical Analysis of Visual Features for Multiple Object Tracking in Urban Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07881.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of selecting appearance features for multiple object tracking (MOT) in urban scenes. Over the years, a large number of features has been used for MOT. However, it is not clear whether some of them are better than others. Commonly used features are color histograms, histograms of oriented gradients, deep features from convolutional neural networks and re-identification (ReID) features. In this study, we assess how good these features are at discriminating objects enclosed by a bounding box in urban scene tracking scenarios. Several affinity measures, namely the $\mathrm{L}_1$, $\mathrm{L}_2$ and the Bhattacharyya distances, Rank-1 counts and the cosine similarity, are also assessed for their impact on the discriminative power of the features. Results on several datasets show that features from ReID networks are the best for discriminating instances from one another regardless of the quality of the detector. If a ReID model is not available, color histograms may be selected if the detector has a good recall and there are few occlusions; otherwise, deep features are more robust to detectors with lower recall. The project page is <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.mehdimiah.com/visual_features" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 4.A Hamiltonian Monte Carlo Method for Probabilistic Adversarial Attack and Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07849.pdf)
>  Although deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have demonstrated remarkable performance on multiple computer vision tasks, researches on adversarial learning have shown that deep models are vulnerable to adversarial examples, which are crafted by adding visually imperceptible perturbations to the input images. Most of the existing adversarial attack methods only create a single adversarial example for the input, which just gives a glimpse of the underlying data manifold of adversarial examples. An attractive solution is to explore the solution space of the adversarial examples and generate a diverse bunch of them, which could potentially improve the robustness of real-world systems and help prevent severe security threats and vulnerabilities. In this paper, we present an effective method, called Hamiltonian Monte Carlo with Accumulated Momentum (HMCAM), aiming to generate a sequence of adversarial examples. To improve the efficiency of HMC, we propose a new regime to automatically control the length of trajectories, which allows the algorithm to move with adaptive step sizes along the search direction at different positions. Moreover, we revisit the reason for high computational cost of adversarial training under the view of MCMC and design a new generative method called Contrastive Adversarial Training (CAT), which approaches equilibrium distribution of adversarial examples with only few iterations by building from small modifications of the standard Contrastive Divergence (CD) and achieve a trade-off between efficiency and accuracy. Both quantitative and qualitative analysis on several natural image datasets and practical systems have confirmed the superiority of the proposed algorithm.      
### 5.Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation in Earth Observation: The MiniFrance Suite, Dataset Analysis and Multi-task Network Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07830.pdf)
>  The development of semi-supervised learning techniques is essential to enhance the generalization capacities of machine learning algorithms. Indeed, raw image data are abundant while labels are scarce, therefore it is crucial to leverage unlabeled inputs to build better models. The availability of large databases have been key for the development of learning algorithms with high level performance. <br>Despite the major role of machine learning in Earth Observation to derive products such as land cover maps, datasets in the field are still limited, either because of modest surface coverage, lack of variety of scenes or restricted classes to identify. We introduce a novel large-scale dataset for semi-supervised semantic segmentation in Earth Observation, the MiniFrance suite. MiniFrance has several unprecedented properties: it is large-scale, containing over 2000 very high resolution aerial images, accounting for more than 200 billions samples (pixels); it is varied, covering 16 conurbations in France, with various climates, different landscapes, and urban as well as countryside scenes; and it is challenging, considering land use classes with high-level semantics. Nevertheless, the most distinctive quality of MiniFrance is being the only dataset in the field especially designed for semi-supervised learning: it contains labeled and unlabeled images in its training partition, which reproduces a life-like scenario. Along with this dataset, we present tools for data representativeness analysis in terms of appearance similarity and a thorough study of MiniFrance data, demonstrating that it is suitable for learning and generalizes well in a semi-supervised setting. Finally, we present semi-supervised deep architectures based on multi-task learning and the first experiments on MiniFrance.      
### 6.Interpretation of Swedish Sign Language using Convolutional Neural Networks and Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07827.pdf)
>  The automatic interpretation of sign languages is a challenging task, as it requires the usage of high-level vision and high-level motion processing systems for providing accurate image perception. In this paper, we use Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and transfer learning in order to make computers able to interpret signs of the Swedish Sign Language (SSL) hand alphabet. Our model consist of the implementation of a pre-trained InceptionV3 network, and the usage of the mini-batch gradient descent optimization algorithm. We rely on transfer learning during the pre-training of the model and its data. The final accuracy of the model, based on 8 study subjects and 9,400 images, is 85%. Our results indicate that the usage of CNNs is a promising approach to interpret sign languages, and transfer learning can be used to achieve high testing accuracy despite using a small training dataset. Furthermore, we describe the implementation details of our model to interpret signs as a user-friendly web application.      
### 7.Boosting Image-based Mutual Gaze Detection using Pseudo 3D Gaze  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07811.pdf)
>  Mutual gaze detection, i.e., predicting whether or not two people are looking at each other, plays an important role in understanding human interactions. In this work, we focus on the task of image-based mutual gaze detection, and propose a simple and effective approach to boost the performance by using an auxiliary 3D gaze estimation task during training. We achieve the performance boost without additional labeling cost by training the 3D gaze estimation branch using pseudo 3D gaze labels deduced from mutual gaze labels. By sharing the head image encoder between the 3D gaze estimation and the mutual gaze detection branches, we achieve better head features than learned by training the mutual gaze detection branch alone. Experimental results on three image datasets show that the proposed approach improves the detection performance significantly without additional annotations. This work also introduces a new image dataset that consists of 33.1K pairs of humans annotated with mutual gaze labels in 29.2K images.      
### 8.Does Data Augmentation Benefit from Split BatchNorms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07810.pdf)
>  Data augmentation has emerged as a powerful technique for improving the performance of deep neural networks and led to state-of-the-art results in computer vision. However, state-of-the-art data augmentation strongly distorts training images, leading to a disparity between examples seen during training and inference. In this work, we explore a recently proposed training paradigm in order to correct for this disparity: using an auxiliary BatchNorm for the potentially out-of-distribution, strongly augmented images. Our experiments then focus on how to define the BatchNorm parameters that are used at evaluation. To eliminate the train-test disparity, we experiment with using the batch statistics defined by clean training images only, yet surprisingly find that this does not yield improvements in model performance. Instead, we investigate using BatchNorm parameters defined by weak augmentations and find that this method significantly improves the performance of common image classification benchmarks such as CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and ImageNet. We then explore a fundamental trade-off between accuracy and robustness coming from using different BatchNorm parameters, providing greater insight into the benefits of data augmentation on model performance.      
### 9.CIMON: Towards High-quality Hash Codes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07804.pdf)
>  Recently, hashing is widely-used in approximate nearest neighbor search for its storage and computational efficiency. Due to the lack of labeled data in practice, many studies focus on unsupervised hashing. Most of the unsupervised hashing methods learn to map images into semantic similarity-preserving hash codes by constructing local semantic similarity structure from the pre-trained model as guiding information, i.e., treating each point pair similar if their distance is small in feature space. However, due to the inefficient representation ability of the pre-trained model, many false positives and negatives in local semantic similarity will be introduced and lead to error propagation during hash code learning. Moreover, most of hashing methods ignore the basic characteristics of hash codes such as collisions, which will cause instability of hash codes to disturbance. In this paper, we propose a new method named Comprehensive sImilarity Mining and cOnsistency learNing (CIMON). First, we use global constraint learning and similarity statistical distribution to obtain reliable and smooth guidance. Second, image augmentation and consistency learning will be introduced to explore both semantic and contrastive consistency to derive robust hash codes with fewer collisions. Extensive experiments on several benchmark datasets show that the proposed method consistently outperforms a wide range of state-of-the-art methods in both retrieval performance and robustness.      
### 10.Generalizing Universal Adversarial Attacks Beyond Additive Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07788.pdf)
>  The previous study has shown that universal adversarial attacks can fool deep neural networks over a large set of input images with a single human-invisible perturbation. However, current methods for universal adversarial attacks are based on additive perturbation, which cause misclassification when the perturbation is directly added to the input images. In this paper, for the first time, we show that a universal adversarial attack can also be achieved via non-additive perturbation (e.g., spatial transformation). More importantly, to unify both additive and non-additive perturbations, we propose a novel unified yet flexible framework for universal adversarial attacks, called GUAP, which is able to initiate attacks by additive perturbation, non-additive perturbation, or the combination of both. Extensive experiments are conducted on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet datasets with six deep neural network models including GoogleLeNet, VGG16/19, ResNet101/152, and DenseNet121. The empirical experiments demonstrate that GUAP can obtain up to 90.9% and 99.24% successful attack rates on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet datasets, leading to over 15% and 19% improvements respectively than current state-of-the-art universal adversarial attacks. The code for reproducing the experiments in this paper is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TrustAI/GUAP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.Improved Multi-Source Domain Adaptation by Preservation of Factors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07783.pdf)
>  Domain Adaptation (DA) is a highly relevant research topic when it comes to image classification with deep neural networks. Combining multiple source domains in a sophisticated way to optimize a classification model can improve the generalization to a target domain. Here, the difference in data distributions of source and target image datasets plays a major role. In this paper, we describe based on a theory of visual factors how real-world scenes appear in images in general and how recent DA datasets are composed of such. We show that different domains can be described by a set of so called domain factors, whose values are consistent within a domain, but can change across domains. Many DA approaches try to remove all domain factors from the feature representation to be domain invariant. In this paper we show that this can lead to negative transfer since task-informative factors can get lost as well. To address this, we propose Factor-Preserving DA (FP-DA), a method to train a deep adversarial unsupervised DA model, which is able to preserve specific task relevant factors in a multi-domain scenario. We demonstrate on CORe50, a dataset with many domains, how such factors can be identified by standard one-to-one transfer experiments between single domains combined with PCA. By applying FP-DA, we show that the highest average and minimum performance can be achieved.      
### 12.Self-training for Few-shot Transfer Across Extreme Task Differences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07734.pdf)
>  All few-shot learning techniques must be pre-trained on a large, labeled "base dataset". In problem domains where such large labeled datasets are not available for pre-training (e.g., X-ray images), one must resort to pre-training in a different "source" problem domain (e.g., ImageNet), which can be very different from the desired target task. Traditional few-shot and transfer learning techniques fail in the presence of such extreme differences between the source and target tasks. In this paper, we present a simple and effective solution to tackle this extreme domain gap: self-training a source domain representation on unlabeled data from the target domain. We show that this improves one-shot performance on the target domain by 2.9 points on average on a challenging benchmark with multiple domains.      
### 13.Unsupervised Learning of Depth and Ego-Motion from Cylindrical Panoramic Video with Applications for Virtual Reality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07704.pdf)
>  We introduce a convolutional neural network model for unsupervised learning of depth and ego-motion from cylindrical panoramic video. Panoramic depth estimation is an important technology for applications such as virtual reality, 3D modeling, and autonomous robotic navigation. In contrast to previous approaches for applying convolutional neural networks to panoramic imagery, we use the cylindrical panoramic projection which allows for the use of the traditional CNN layers such as convolutional filters and max pooling without modification. Our evaluation of synthetic and real data shows that unsupervised learning of depth and ego-motion on cylindrical panoramic images can produce high-quality depth maps and that an increased field-of-view improves ego-motion estimation accuracy. We create two new datasets to evaluate our approach: a synthetic dataset created using the CARLA simulator, and Headcam, a novel dataset of panoramic video collected from a helmet-mounted camera while biking in an urban setting. We also apply our network to the problem of converting monocular panoramas to stereo panoramas.      
### 14.Integrating Coarse Granularity Part-level Features with Supervised Global-level Features for Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07675.pdf)
>  Holistic person re-identification (Re-ID) and partial person re-identification have achieved great progress respectively in recent years. However, scenarios in reality often include both holistic and partial pedestrian images, which makes single holistic or partial person Re-ID hard to work. In this paper, we propose a robust coarse granularity part-level person Re-ID network (CGPN), which not only extracts robust regional level body features, but also integrates supervised global features for both holistic and partial person images. CGPN gains two-fold benefit toward higher accuracy for person Re-ID. On one hand, CGPN learns to extract effective body part features for both holistic and partial person images. On the other hand, compared with extracting global features directly by backbone network, CGPN learns to extract more accurate global features with a supervision strategy. The single model trained on three Re-ID datasets including Market-1501, DukeMTMC-reID and CUHK03 achieves state-of-the-art performances and outperforms any existing approaches. Especially on CUHK03, which is the most challenging dataset for person Re-ID, in single query mode, we obtain a top result of Rank-1/mAP=87.1\%/83.6\% with this method without re-ranking, outperforming the current best method by +7.0\%/+6.7\%.      
### 15.A Deep Drift-Diffusion Model for Image Aesthetic Score Distribution Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07661.pdf)
>  The task of aesthetic quality assessment is complicated due to its subjectivity. In recent years, the target representation of image aesthetic quality has changed from a one-dimensional binary classification label or numerical score to a multi-dimensional score distribution. According to current methods, the ground truth score distributions are straightforwardly regressed. However, the subjectivity of aesthetics is not taken into account, that is to say, the psychological processes of human beings are not taken into consideration, which limits the performance of the task. In this paper, we propose a Deep Drift-Diffusion (DDD) model inspired by psychologists to predict aesthetic score distribution from images. The DDD model can describe the psychological process of aesthetic perception instead of traditional modeling of the results of assessment. We use deep convolution neural networks to regress the parameters of the drift-diffusion model. The experimental results in large scale aesthetic image datasets reveal that our novel DDD model is simple but efficient, which outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in aesthetic score distribution prediction. Besides, different psychological processes can also be predicted by our model.      
### 16.Empty Cities: a Dynamic-Object-Invariant Space for Visual SLAM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07646.pdf)
>  In this paper we present a data-driven approach to obtain the static image of a scene, eliminating dynamic objects that might have been present at the time of traversing the scene with a camera. The general objective is to improve vision-based localization and mapping tasks in dynamic environments, where the presence (or absence) of different dynamic objects in different moments makes these tasks less robust. We introduce an end-to-end deep learning framework to turn images of an urban environment that include dynamic content, such as vehicles or pedestrians, into realistic static frames suitable for localization and mapping. This objective faces two main challenges: detecting the dynamic objects, and inpainting the static occluded back-ground. The first challenge is addressed by the use of a convolutional network that learns a multi-class semantic segmentation of the image. The second challenge is approached with a generative adversarial model that, taking as input the original dynamic image and the computed dynamic/static binary mask, is capable of generating the final static image. This framework makes use of two new losses, one based on image steganalysis techniques, useful to improve the inpainting quality, and another one based on ORB features, designed to enhance feature matching between real and hallucinated image regions. To validate our approach, we perform an extensive evaluation on different tasks that are affected by dynamic entities, i.e., visual odometry, place recognition and multi-view stereo, with the hallucinated images. Code has been made available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bertabescos/EmptyCities_SLAM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 17.HS-ResNet: Hierarchical-Split Block on Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07621.pdf)
>  This paper addresses representational block named Hierarchical-Split Block, which can be taken as a plug-and-play block to upgrade existing convolutional neural networks, improves model performance significantly in a network. Hierarchical-Split Block contains many hierarchical split and concatenate connections within one single residual block. We find multi-scale features is of great importance for numerous vision tasks. Moreover, Hierarchical-Split block is very flexible and efficient, which provides a large space of potential network architectures for different applications. In this work, we present a common backbone based on Hierarchical-Split block for tasks: image classification, object detection, instance segmentation and semantic image segmentation/parsing. Our approach shows significant improvements over all these core tasks in comparison with the baseline. As shown in Figure1, for image classification, our 50-layers network(HS-ResNet50) achieves 81.28% top-1 accuracy with competitive latency on ImageNet-1k dataset. It also outperforms most state-of-the-art models. The source code and models will be available on: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleClas" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 18.THIN: THrowable Information Networks and Application for Facial Expression Recognition In The Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07614.pdf)
>  For a number of tasks solved using deep learning techniques, an exogenous variable can be identified such that (a) it heavily influences the appearance of the different classes, and (b) an ideal classifier should be invariant to this variable. An example of such exogenous variable is identity if facial expression recognition (FER) is considered. In this paper, we propose a dual exogenous/endogenous representation. The former captures the exogenous variable whereas the second one models the task at hand (e.g. facial expression). We design a prediction layer that uses a deep ensemble conditioned by the exogenous representation. It employs a differential tree gate that learns an adaptive weak predictor weighting, therefore modeling a partition of the exogenous representation space, upon which the weak predictors specialize. This layer explicitly models the dependency between the exogenous variable and the predicted task (a). We also propose an exogenous dispelling loss to remove the exogenous information from the endogenous representation, enforcing (b). Thus, the exogenous information is used two times in a throwable fashion, first as a conditioning variable for the target task, and second to create invariance within the endogenous representation. We call this method THIN, standing for THrowable Information Networks. We experimentally validate THIN in several contexts where an exogenous information can be identified, such as digit recognition under large rotations and shape recognition at multiple scales. We also apply it to FER with identity as the exogenous variable. In particular, we demonstrate that THIN significantly outperforms state-of-the-art approaches on several challenging datasets.      
### 19.Unsupervised Constrative Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07608.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (ReID) aims at searching the same identity person among images captured by various cameras. Unsupervised person ReID attracts a lot of attention recently, due to it works without intensive manual annotation and thus shows great potential of adapting to new conditions. Representation learning plays a critical role in unsupervised person ReID. In this work, we propose a novel selective contrastive learning framework for unsupervised feature learning. Specifically, different from traditional contrastive learning strategies, we propose to use multiple positives and adaptively sampled negatives for defining the contrastive loss, enabling to learn a feature embedding model with stronger identity discriminative representation. Moreover, we propose to jointly leverage global and local features to construct three dynamic dictionaries, among which the global and local memory banks are used for pairwise similarity computation and the mixture memory bank are used for contrastive loss definition. Experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our method in unsupervised person ReID compared with the state-of-the-arts.      
### 20.Object Tracking Using Spatio-Temporal Future Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07605.pdf)
>  Occlusion is a long-standing problem that causes many modern tracking methods to be erroneous. In this paper, we address the occlusion problem by exploiting the current and future possible locations of the target object from its past trajectory. To achieve this, we introduce a learning-based tracking method that takes into account background motion modeling and trajectory prediction. Our trajectory prediction module predicts the target object's locations in the current and future frames based on the object's past trajectory. Since, in the input video, the target object's trajectory is not only affected by the object motion but also the camera motion, our background motion module estimates the camera motion. So that the object's trajectory can be made independent from it. To dynamically switch between the appearance-based tracker and the trajectory prediction, we employ a network that can assess how good a tracking prediction is, and we use the assessment scores to choose between the appearance-based tracker's prediction and the trajectory-based prediction. Comprehensive evaluations show that the proposed method sets a new state-of-the-art performance on commonly used tracking benchmarks.      
### 21.Interactive Latent Interpolation on MNIST Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07581.pdf)
>  This paper will discuss the potential of dimensionality reduction with a web-based use of GANs. Throughout a variety of experiments, we show synthesizing visually-appealing samples, interpolating meaningfully between samples, and performing linear arithmetic with latent vectors. GANs have proved to be a remarkable technique to produce computer-generated images, very similar to an original image. This is primarily useful when coupled with dimensionality reduction as an effective application of our algorithm. We proposed a new architecture for GANs, which ended up not working for mathematical reasons later explained. We then proposed a new web-based GAN that still takes advantage of dimensionality reduction to speed generation in the browser to .2 milliseconds. Lastly, we made a modern UI with linear interpolation to present the work. With the speedy generation, we can generate so fast that we can create an animation type effect that we have never seen before that works on both web and mobile.      
### 22.MOTChallenge: A Benchmark for Single-camera Multiple Target Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07548.pdf)
>  Standardized benchmarks have been crucial in pushing the performance of computer vision algorithms, especially since the advent of deep learning. Although leaderboards should not be over-claimed, they often provide the most objective measure of performance and are therefore important guides for research. We present MOTChallenge, a benchmark for single-camera Multiple Object Tracking (MOT) launched in late 2014, to collect existing and new data, and create a framework for the standardized evaluation of multiple object tracking methods. The benchmark is focused on multiple people tracking, since pedestrians are by far the most studied object in the tracking community, with applications ranging from robot navigation to self-driving cars. This paper collects the first three releases of the benchmark: (i) MOT15, along with numerous state-of-the-art results that were submitted in the last years, (ii) MOT16, which contains new challenging videos, and (iii) MOT17, that extends MOT16 sequences with more precise labels and evaluates tracking performance on three different object detectors. The second and third release not only offers a significant increase in the number of labeled boxes but also provide labels for multiple object classes beside pedestrians, as well as the level of visibility for every single object of interest. We finally provide a categorization of state-of-the-art trackers and a broad error analysis. This will help newcomers understand the related work and research trends in the MOT community, and hopefully shred some light into potential future research directions.      
### 23.FOSS: Multi-Person Age Estimation with Focusing on Objects and Still Seeing Surroundings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07544.pdf)
>  Age estimation from images can be used in many practical scenes. Most of the previous works targeted on the estimation from images in which only one face exists. Also, most of the open datasets for age estimation contain images like that. However, in some situations, age estimation in the wild and for multi-person is needed. Usually, such situations were solved by two separate models; one is a face detector model which crops facial regions and the other is an age estimation model which estimates from cropped images. In this work, we propose a method that can detect and estimate the age of multi-person with a single model which estimates age with focusing on faces and still seeing surroundings. Also, we propose a training method which enables the model to estimate multi-person well despite trained with images in which only one face is photographed. In the experiments, we evaluated our proposed method compared with the traditional approach using two separate models. As the result, the accuracy could be enhanced with our proposed method. We also adapted our proposed model to commonly used single person photographed age estimation datasets and it is proved that our method is also effective to those images and outperforms the state of the art accuracy.      
### 24.Self-Supervised Domain Adaptation with Consistency Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07539.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of unsupervised domain adaptation for image classification. To learn target-domain-aware features from the unlabeled data, we create a self-supervised pretext task by augmenting the unlabeled data with a certain type of transformation (specifically, image rotation) and ask the learner to predict the properties of the transformation. However, the obtained feature representation may contain a large amount of irrelevant information with respect to the main task. To provide further guidance, we force the feature representation of the augmented data to be consistent with that of the original data. Intuitively, the consistency introduces additional constraints to representation learning, therefore, the learned representation is more likely to focus on the right information about the main task. Our experimental results validate the proposed method and demonstrate state-of-the-art performance on classical domain adaptation benchmarks. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Jiaolong/ss-da-consistency" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.Unsupervised Video Anomaly Detection via Flow-based Generative Modeling on Appearance and Motion Latent Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07524.pdf)
>  Surveillance video anomaly detection searches for anomalous events such as crimes or accidents among normal scenes. Since anomalous events occur rarely, there is a class imbalance problem between normal and abnormal data and it is impossible to collect all potential anomalous events, which makes the task challenging. Therefore, performing anomaly detection requires learning the patterns of normal scenes to detect unseen and undefined anomalies. Since abnormal scenes are distinguished from normal scenes by appearance or motion, lots of previous approaches have used an explicit pre-trained model such as optical flow for motion information, which makes the network complex and dependent on the pre-training. We propose an implicit two-path AutoEncoder (ITAE) that exploits the structure of a SlowFast network and focuses on spatial and temporal information through appearance (slow) and motion (fast) encoders, respectively. The two encoders and a single decoder learn normal appearance and behavior by reconstructing normal videos of the training set. Furthermore, with features from the two encoders, we suggest density estimation through flow-based generative models to learn the tractable likelihoods of appearance and motion features. Finally, we show the effectiveness of appearance and motion encoders and their distribution modeling through experiments in three benchmarks which result outperforms the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 26.A Human Eye-based Text Color Scheme Generation Method for Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07510.pdf)
>  Synthetic data used for scene text detection and recognition tasks have proven effective. However, there are still two problems: First, the color schemes used for text coloring in the existing methods are relatively fixed color key-value pairs learned from real datasets. The dirty data in real datasets may cause the problem that the colors of text and background are too similar to be distinguished from each other. Second, the generated texts are uniformly limited to the same depth of a picture, while there are special cases in the real world that text may appear across depths. To address these problems, in this paper we design a novel method to generate color schemes, which are consistent with the characteristics of human eyes to observe things. The advantages of our method are as follows: (1) overcomes the color confusion problem between text and background caused by dirty data; (2) the texts generated are allowed to appear in most locations of any image, even across depths; (3) avoids analyzing the depth of background, such that the performance of our method exceeds the state-of-the-art methods; (4) the speed of generating images is fast, nearly one picture generated per three milliseconds. The effectiveness of our method is verified on several public datasets.      
### 27.NeRF++: Analyzing and Improving Neural Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07492.pdf)
>  Neural Radiance Fields (NeRF) achieve impressive view synthesis results for a variety of capture settings, including 360 capture of bounded scenes and forward-facing capture of bounded and unbounded scenes. NeRF fits multi-layer perceptrons (MLPs) representing view-invariant opacity and view-dependent color volumes to a set of training images, and samples novel views based on volume rendering techniques. In this technical report, we first remark on radiance fields and their potential ambiguities, namely the shape-radiance ambiguity, and analyze NeRF's success in avoiding such ambiguities. Second, we address a parametrization issue involved in applying NeRF to 360 captures of objects within large-scale, unbounded 3D scenes. Our method improves view synthesis fidelity in this challenging scenario. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Kai-46/nerfplusplus" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 28.Unsupervised Self-training Algorithm Based on Deep Learning for Optical Aerial Images Change Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07469.pdf)
>  Optical aerial images change detection is an important task in earth observation and has been extensively investigated in the past few decades. Generally, the supervised change detection methods with superior performance require a large amount of labeled training data which is obtained by manual annotation with high cost. In this paper, we present a novel unsupervised self-training algorithm (USTA) for optical aerial images change detection. The traditional method such as change vector analysis is used to generate the pseudo labels. We use these pseudo labels to train a well designed convolutional neural network. The network is used as a teacher to classify the original multitemporal images to generate another set of pseudo labels. Then two set of pseudo labels are used to jointly train a student network with the same structure as the teacher. The final change detection result can be obtained by the trained student network. Besides, we design an image filter to control the usage of change information in the pseudo labels in the training process of the network. The whole process of the algorithm is an unsupervised process without manually marked labels. Experimental results on the real datasets demonstrate competitive performance of our proposed method.      
### 29.Deep Learning Models for Predicting Wildfires from Historical Remote-Sensing Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07445.pdf)
>  Identifying regions that have high likelihood for wildfires is a key component of land and forestry management and disaster preparedness. We create a data set by aggregating nearly a decade of remote-sensing data and historical fire records to predict wildfires. This prediction problem is framed as three machine learning tasks. Results are compared and analyzed for four different deep learning models to estimate wildfire likelihood. The results demonstrate that deep learning models can successfully identify areas of high fire likelihood using aggregated data about vegetation, weather, and topography with an AUC of 83%.      
### 30.AI-based BMI Inference from Facial Images: An Application to Weight Monitoring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07442.pdf)
>  Self-diagnostic image-based methods for healthy weight monitoring is gaining increased interest following the alarming trend of obesity. Only a handful of academic studies exist that investigate AI-based methods for Body Mass Index (BMI) inference from facial images as a solution to healthy weight monitoring and management. To promote further research and development in this area, we evaluate and compare the performance of five different deep-learning based Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architectures i.e., VGG19, ResNet50, DenseNet, MobileNet, and lightCNN for BMI inference from facial images. Experimental results on the three publicly available BMI annotated facial image datasets assembled from social media, namely, VisualBMI, VIP-Attributes, and Bollywood datasets, suggest the efficacy of the deep learning methods in BMI inference from face images with minimum Mean Absolute Error (MAE) of $1.04$ obtained using ResNet50.      
### 31.Auto-calibration Method Using Stop Signs for Urban Autonomous Driving Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07441.pdf)
>  For use of cameras on an intelligent vehicle, driving over a major bump could challenge the calibration. It is then of interest to do dynamic calibration. What structures can be used for calibration? How about using traffic signs that you recognize? In this paper an approach is presented for dynamic camera calibration based on recognition of stop signs. The detection is performed based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs). A recognized sign is modeled as a polygon and matched to a model. Parameters are tracked over time. Experimental results show clear convergence and improved performance for the calibration.      
### 32.Skeleton-bridged Point Completion: From Global Inference to Local Adjustment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07428.pdf)
>  Point completion refers to complete the missing geometries of objects from partial point clouds. Existing works usually estimate the missing shape by decoding a latent feature encoded from the input points. However, real-world objects are usually with diverse topologies and surface details, which a latent feature may fail to represent to recover a clean and complete surface. To this end, we propose a skeleton-bridged point completion network (SK-PCN) for shape completion. Given a partial scan, our method first predicts its 3D skeleton to obtain the global structure, and completes the surface by learning displacements from skeletal points. We decouple the shape completion into structure estimation and surface reconstruction, which eases the learning difficulty and benefits our method to obtain on-surface details. Besides, considering the missing features during encoding input points, SK-PCN adopts a local adjustment strategy that merges the input point cloud to our predictions for surface refinement. Comparing with previous methods, our skeleton-bridged manner better supports point normal estimation to obtain the full surface mesh beyond point clouds. The qualitative and quantitative experiments on both point cloud and mesh completion show that our approach outperforms the existing methods on various object categories.      
### 33.Pose Refinement Graph Convolutional Network for Skeleton-based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07367.pdf)
>  With the advances in capturing 2D or 3D skeleton data, skeleton-based action recognition has received an increasing interest over the last years. As skeleton data is commonly represented by graphs, graph convolutional networks have been proposed for this task. While current graph convolutional networks accurately recognize actions, they are too expensive for robotics applications where limited computational resources are available. In this paper, we therefore propose a highly efficient graph convolutional network that addresses the limitations of previous works. This is achieved by a parallel structure that gradually fuses motion and spatial information and by reducing the temporal resolution as early as possible. Furthermore, we explicitly address the issue that human poses can contain errors. To this end, the network first refines the poses before they are further processed to recognize the action. We therefore call the network Pose Refinement Graph Convolutional Network. Compared to other graph convolutional networks, our network requires 86\%-93\% less parameters and reduces the floating point operations by 89%-96% while achieving a comparable accuracy. It therefore provides a much better trade-off between accuracy, memory footprint and processing time, which makes it suitable for robotics applications.      
### 34.Photovoltaic module segmentation and thermal analysis tool from thermal images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07356.pdf)
>  The growing interest in the use of clean energy has led to the construction of increasingly large photovoltaic systems. Consequently, monitoring the proper functioning of these systems has become a highly relevant <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://issue.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this paper, automatic detection, and analysis of photovoltaic modules are proposed. To perform the analysis, a module identification step, based on a digital image processing algorithm, is first carried out. This algorithm consists of image enhancement (contrast enhancement, noise reduction, etc.), followed by segmentation of the photovoltaic module. Subsequently, a statistical analysis based on the temperature values of the segmented module is performed.Besides, a graphical user interface has been designed as a potential tool that provides relevant information of the photovoltaic modules.      
### 35.Do End-to-end Stereo Algorithms Under-utilize Information?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07350.pdf)
>  Deep networks for stereo matching typically leverage 2D or 3D convolutional encoder-decoder architectures to aggregate cost and regularize the cost volume for accurate disparity estimation. Due to content-insensitive convolutions and down-sampling and up-sampling operations, these cost aggregation mechanisms do not take full advantage of the information available in the images. Disparity maps suffer from over-smoothing near occlusion boundaries, and erroneous predictions in thin structures. In this paper, we show how deep adaptive filtering and differentiable semi-global aggregation can be integrated in existing 2D and 3D convolutional networks for end-to-end stereo matching, leading to improved accuracy. The improvements are due to utilizing RGB information from the images as a signal to dynamically guide the matching process, in addition to being the signal we attempt to match across the images. We show extensive experimental results on the KITTI 2015 and Virtual KITTI 2 datasets comparing four stereo networks (DispNetC, GCNet, PSMNet and GANet) after integrating four adaptive filters (segmentation-aware bilateral filtering, dynamic filtering networks, pixel adaptive convolution and semi-global aggregation) into their architectures. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ccj5351/DAFStereoNets" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 36.Matching-space Stereo Networks for Cross-domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07347.pdf)
>  End-to-end deep networks represent the state of the art for stereo matching. While excelling on images framing environments similar to the training set, major drops in accuracy occur in unseen domains (e.g., when moving from synthetic to real scenes). In this paper we introduce a novel family of architectures, namely Matching-Space Networks (MS-Nets), with improved generalization properties. By replacing learning-based feature extraction from image RGB values with matching functions and confidence measures from conventional wisdom, we move the learning process from the color space to the Matching Space, avoiding over-specialization to domain specific features. Extensive experimental results on four real datasets highlight that our proposal leads to superior generalization to unseen environments over conventional deep architectures, keeping accuracy on the source domain almost unaltered. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ccj5351/MS-Nets" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 37.Representation Learning via Invariant Causal Mechanisms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07922.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning has emerged as a strategy to reduce the reliance on costly supervised signal by pretraining representations only using unlabeled data. These methods combine heuristic proxy classification tasks with data augmentations and have achieved significant success, but our theoretical understanding of this success remains limited. In this paper we analyze self-supervised representation learning using a causal framework. We show how data augmentations can be more effectively utilized through explicit invariance constraints on the proxy classifiers employed during pretraining. Based on this, we propose a novel self-supervised objective, Representation Learning via Invariant Causal Mechanisms (ReLIC), that enforces invariant prediction of proxy targets across augmentations through an invariance regularizer which yields improved generalization guarantees. Further, using causality we generalize contrastive learning, a particular kind of self-supervised method, and provide an alternative theoretical explanation for the success of these methods. Empirically, ReLIC significantly outperforms competing methods in terms of robustness and out-of-distribution generalization on ImageNet, while also significantly outperforming these methods on Atari achieving above human-level performance on $51$ out of $57$ games.      
### 38.DynaSLAM II: Tightly-Coupled Multi-Object Tracking and SLAM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07820.pdf)
>  The assumption of scene rigidity is common in visual SLAM algorithms. However, it limits their applicability in populated real-world environments. Furthermore, most scenarios including autonomous driving, multi-robot collaboration and augmented/virtual reality, require explicit motion information of the surroundings to help with decision making and scene understanding. We present in this paper DynaSLAM II, a visual SLAM system for stereo and RGB-D configurations that tightly integrates the multi-object tracking capability. <br>DynaSLAM II makes use of instance semantic segmentation and of ORB features to track dynamic objects. The structure of the static scene and of the dynamic objects is optimized jointly with the trajectories of both the camera and the moving agents within a novel bundle adjustment proposal. The 3D bounding boxes of the objects are also estimated and loosely optimized within a fixed temporal window. We demonstrate that tracking dynamic objects does not only provide rich clues for scene understanding but is also beneficial for camera tracking. <br>The project code will be released upon acceptance.      
### 39.A Patch-based Image Denoising Method Using Eigenvectors of the Geodesics' Gramian Matrix  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07769.pdf)
>  With the sophisticated modern technology in the camera industry, the demand for accurate and visually pleasing images is increasing. However, the quality of images captured by cameras are inevitably degraded by noise. Thus, some processing on images is required to filter out the noise without losing vital image features such as edges, corners, etc. Even though the current literature offers a variety of denoising methods, fidelity and efficiency of their denoising are sometimes uncertain. Thus, here we propose a novel and computationally efficient image denoising method that is capable of producing an accurate output. This method inputs patches partitioned from the image rather than pixels that are well known for preserving image smoothness. Then, it performs denoising on the manifold underlying the patch-space rather than that in the image domain to better preserve the features across the whole image. We validate the performance of this method against benchmark image processing methods.      
### 40.LiteDepthwiseNet: An Extreme Lightweight Network for Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07726.pdf)
>  Deep learning methods have shown considerable potential for hyperspectral image (HSI) classification, which can achieve high accuracy compared with traditional methods. However, they often need a large number of training samples and have a lot of parameters and high computational overhead. To solve these problems, this paper proposes a new network architecture, LiteDepthwiseNet, for HSI classification. Based on 3D depthwise convolution, LiteDepthwiseNet can decompose standard convolution into depthwise convolution and pointwise convolution, which can achieve high classification performance with minimal parameters. Moreover, we remove the ReLU layer and Batch Normalization layer in the original 3D depthwise convolution, which significantly improves the overfitting phenomenon of the model on small sized datasets. In addition, focal loss is used as the loss function to improve the model's attention on difficult samples and unbalanced data, and its training performance is significantly better than that of cross-entropy loss or balanced cross-entropy loss. Experiment results on three benchmark hyperspectral datasets show that LiteDepthwiseNet achieves state-of-the-art performance with a very small number of parameters and low computational cost.      
### 41.Linking average- and worst-case perturbation robustness via class selectivity and dimensionality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07693.pdf)
>  Representational sparsity is known to affect robustness to input perturbations in deep neural networks (DNNs), but less is known about how the semantic content of representations affects robustness. Class selectivity-the variability of a unit's responses across data classes or dimensions-is one way of quantifying the sparsity of semantic representations. Given recent evidence that class selectivity may not be necessary for, and can even impair generalization, we investigated whether it also confers robustness (or vulnerability) to perturbations of input data. We found that class selectivity leads to increased vulnerability to average-case (naturalistic) perturbations in ResNet18 and ResNet20, as measured using Tiny ImageNetC and CIFAR10C, respectively. Networks regularized to have lower levels of class selectivity are more robust to average-case perturbations, while networks with higher class selectivity are more vulnerable. In contrast, we found that class selectivity increases robustness to worst-case (i.e. white box adversarial) perturbations, suggesting that while decreasing class selectivity is helpful for average-case robustness, it is harmful for worst-case robustness. To explain this difference, we studied the dimensionality of the networks' representations: we found that the dimensionality of early-layer representations is inversely proportional to a network's class selectivity, and that adversarial samples cause a larger increase in early-layer dimensionality than corrupted samples. We also found that the input-unit gradient was more variable across samples and units in high-selectivity networks compared to low-selectivity networks. These results lead to the conclusion that units participate more consistently in low-selectivity regimes compared to high-selectivity regimes, effectively creating a larger attack surface and hence vulnerability to worst-case perturbations.      
### 42.Demonstration of a Cloud-based Software Framework for Video Analytics Application using Low-Cost IoT Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07680.pdf)
>  The design of products and services such as a Smart doorbell, demonstrating video analytics software/algorithm functionality, is expected to address a new kind of requirements such as designing a scalable solution while considering the trade-off between cost and accuracy; a flexible architecture to deploy new AI-based models or update existing models, as user requirements evolve; as well as seamlessly integrating different kinds of user interfaces and devices. To address these challenges, we propose a smart doorbell that orchestrates video analytics across Edge and Cloud resources. The proposal uses AWS as a base platform for implementation and leverages Commercially Available Off-The-Shelf(COTS) affordable devices such as Raspberry Pi in the form of an Edge device.      
### 43.Respecting Domain Relations: Hypothesis Invariance for Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07591.pdf)
>  In domain generalization, multiple labeled non-independent and non-identically distributed source domains are available during training while neither the data nor the labels of target domains are. Currently, learning so-called domain invariant representations (DIRs) is the prevalent approach to domain generalization. In this work, we define DIRs employed by existing works in probabilistic terms and show that by learning DIRs, overly strict requirements are imposed concerning the invariance. Particularly, DIRs aim to perfectly align representations of different domains, i.e. their input distributions. This is, however, not necessary for good generalization to a target domain and may even dispose of valuable classification information. We propose to learn so-called hypothesis invariant representations (HIRs), which relax the invariance assumptions by merely aligning posteriors, instead of aligning representations. We report experimental results on public domain generalization datasets to show that learning HIRs is more effective than learning DIRs. In fact, our approach can even compete with approaches using prior knowledge about domains.      
### 44.Encoder-decoder semantic segmentation models for electroluminescence images of thin-film photovoltaic modules  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07556.pdf)
>  We consider a series of image segmentation methods based on the deep neural networks in order to perform semantic segmentation of electroluminescence (EL) images of thin-film modules. We utilize the encoder-decoder deep neural network architecture. The framework is general such that it can easily be extended to other types of images (e.g. thermography) or solar cell technologies (e.g. crystalline silicon modules). The networks are trained and tested on a sample of images from a database with 6000 EL images of Copper Indium Gallium Diselenide (CIGS) thin film modules. We selected two types of features to extract, shunts and so called "droplets". The latter feature is often observed in the set of images. Several models are tested using various combinations of encoder-decoder layers, and a procedure is proposed to select the best model. We show exemplary results with the best selected model. Furthermore, we applied the best model to the full set of 6000 images and demonstrate that the automated segmentation of EL images can reveal many subtle features which cannot be inferred from studying a small sample of images. We believe these features can contribute to process optimization and quality control.      
### 45.Natural Language Rationales with Full-Stack Visual Reasoning: From Pixels to Semantic Frames to Commonsense Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07526.pdf)
>  Natural language rationales could provide intuitive, higher-level explanations that are easily understandable by humans, complementing the more broadly studied lower-level explanations based on gradients or attention weights. We present the first study focused on generating natural language rationales across several complex visual reasoning tasks: visual commonsense reasoning, visual-textual entailment, and visual question answering. The key challenge of accurate rationalization is comprehensive image understanding at all levels: not just their explicit content at the pixel level, but their contextual contents at the semantic and pragmatic levels. We present Rationale^VT Transformer, an integrated model that learns to generate free-text rationales by combining pretrained language models with object recognition, grounded visual semantic frames, and visual commonsense graphs. Our experiments show that the base pretrained language model benefits from visual adaptation and that free-text rationalization is a promising research direction to complement model interpretability for complex visual-textual reasoning tasks.      
### 46.RetiNerveNet: Using Recursive Deep Learning to Estimate Pointwise 24-2 Visual Field Data based on Retinal Structure  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07488.pdf)
>  Glaucoma is the leading cause of irreversible blindness in the world, affecting over 70 million people. The cumbersome Standard Automated Perimetry (SAP) test is most frequently used to detect visual loss due to glaucoma. Due to the SAP test's innate difficulty and its high test-retest variability, we propose the RetiNerveNet, a deep convolutional recursive neural network for obtaining estimates of the SAP visual field. RetiNerveNet uses information from the more objective Spectral-Domain Optical Coherence Tomography (SDOCT). RetiNerveNet attempts to trace-back the arcuate convergence of the retinal nerve fibers, starting from the Retinal Nerve Fiber Layer (RNFL) thickness around the optic disc, to estimate individual age-corrected 24-2 SAP values. Recursive passes through the proposed network sequentially yield estimates of the visual locations progressively farther from the optic disc. The proposed network is able to obtain more accurate estimates of the individual visual field values, compared to a number of baselines, implying its utility as a proxy for SAP. We further augment RetiNerveNet to additionally predict the SAP Mean Deviation values and also create an ensemble of RetiNerveNets that further improves the performance, by increasingly weighting-up underrepresented parts of the training data.      
### 47.CS2-Net: Deep Learning Segmentation of Curvilinear Structures in Medical Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07486.pdf)
>  Automated detection of curvilinear structures, e.g., blood vessels or nerve fibres, from medical and biomedical images is a crucial early step in automatic image interpretation associated to the management of many diseases. Precise measurement of the morphological changes of these curvilinear organ structures informs clinicians for understanding the mechanism, diagnosis, and treatment of e.g. cardiovascular, kidney, eye, lung, and neurological conditions. In this work, we propose a generic and unified convolution neural network for the segmentation of curvilinear structures and illustrate in several 2D/3D medical imaging modalities. We introduce a new curvilinear structure segmentation network (CS2-Net), which includes a self-attention mechanism in the encoder and decoder to learn rich hierarchical representations of curvilinear structures. Two types of attention modules - spatial attention and channel attention - are utilized to enhance the inter-class discrimination and intra-class responsiveness, to further integrate local features with their global dependencies and normalization, adaptively. Furthermore, to facilitate the segmentation of curvilinear structures in medical images, we employ a 1x3 and a 3x1 convolutional kernel to capture boundary features. ...      
### 48.Spherical Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07485.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation aims at obtaining a small but effective deep model by transferring knowledge from a much larger one. The previous approaches try to reach this goal by simply "logit-supervised" information transferring between the teacher and student, which somehow can be subsequently decomposed as the transfer of normalized logits and $l^2$ norm. We argue that the norm of logits is actually interference, which damages the efficiency in the transfer process. To address this problem, we propose Spherical Knowledge Distillation (SKD). Specifically, we project the teacher and the student's logits into a unit sphere, and then we can efficiently perform knowledge distillation on the sphere. We verify our argument via theoretical analysis and ablation study. Extensive experiments have demonstrated the superiority and scalability of our method over the SOTAs.      
### 49.AdaBelief Optimizer: Adapting Stepsizes by the Belief in Observed Gradients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07468.pdf)
>  Most popular optimizers for deep learning can be broadly categorized as adaptive methods (e.g. Adam) and accelerated schemes (e.g. stochastic gradient descent (SGD) with momentum). For many models such as convolutional neural networks (CNNs), adaptive methods typically converge faster but generalize worse compared to SGD; for complex settings such as generative adversarial networks (GANs), adaptive methods are typically the default because of their stability.We propose AdaBelief to simultaneously achieve three goals: fast convergence as in adaptive methods, good generalization as in SGD, and training stability. The intuition for AdaBelief is to adapt the stepsize according to the "belief" in the current gradient direction. Viewing the exponential moving average (EMA) of the noisy gradient as the prediction of the gradient at the next time step, if the observed gradient greatly deviates from the prediction, we distrust the current observation and take a small step; if the observed gradient is close to the prediction, we trust it and take a large step. We validate AdaBelief in extensive experiments, showing that it outperforms other methods with fast convergence and high accuracy on image classification and language modeling. Specifically, on ImageNet, AdaBelief achieves comparable accuracy to SGD. Furthermore, in the training of a GAN on Cifar10, AdaBelief demonstrates high stability and improves the quality of generated samples compared to a well-tuned Adam optimizer. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/juntang-zhuang/Adabelief-Optimizer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 50.Viewmaker Networks: Learning Views for Unsupervised Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07432.pdf)
>  Many recent methods for unsupervised representation learning involve training models to be invariant to different "views," or transformed versions of an input. However, designing these views requires considerable human expertise and experimentation, hindering widespread adoption of unsupervised representation learning methods across domains and modalities. To address this, we propose viewmaker networks: generative models that learn to produce input-dependent views for contrastive learning. We train this network jointly with an encoder network to produce adversarial $\ell_p$ perturbations for an input, which yields challenging yet useful views without extensive human tuning. Our learned views, when applied to CIFAR-10, enable comparable transfer accuracy to the the well-studied augmentations used for the SimCLR model. Our views significantly outperforming baseline augmentations in speech (+9% absolute) and wearable sensor (+17% absolute) domains. We also show how viewmaker views can be combined with handcrafted views to improve robustness to common image corruptions. Our method demonstrates that learned views are a promising way to reduce the amount of expertise and effort needed for unsupervised learning, potentially extending its benefits to a much wider set of domains.      
### 51.Harnessing Uncertainty in Domain Adaptation for MRI Prostate Lesion Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07411.pdf)
>  The need for training data can impede the adoption of novel imaging modalities for learning-based medical image analysis. Domain adaptation methods partially mitigate this problem by translating training data from a related source domain to a novel target domain, but typically assume that a one-to-one translation is possible. Our work addresses the challenge of adapting to a more informative target domain where multiple target samples can emerge from a single source sample. In particular we consider translating from mp-MRI to VERDICT, a richer MRI modality involving an optimized acquisition protocol for cancer characterization. We explicitly account for the inherent uncertainty of this mapping and exploit it to generate multiple outputs conditioned on a single input. Our results show that this allows us to extract systematically better image representations for the target domain, when used in tandem with both simple, CycleGAN-based baselines, as well as more powerful approaches that integrate discriminative segmentation losses and/or residual adapters. When compared to its deterministic counterparts, our approach yields substantial improvements across a broad range of dataset sizes, increasingly strong baselines, and evaluation measures.      
### 52.Towards Accurate Quantization and Pruning via Data-free Knowledge Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07334.pdf)
>  When large scale training data is available, one can obtain compact and accurate networks to be deployed in resource-constrained environments effectively through quantization and pruning. However, training data are often protected due to privacy concerns and it is challenging to obtain compact networks without data. We study data-free quantization and pruning by transferring knowledge from trained large networks to compact networks. Auxiliary generators are simultaneously and adversarially trained with the targeted compact networks to generate synthetic inputs that maximize the discrepancy between the given large network and its quantized or pruned version. We show theoretically that the alternating optimization for the underlying minimax problem converges under mild conditions for pruning and quantization. Our data-free compact networks achieve competitive accuracy to networks trained and fine-tuned with training data. Our quantized and pruned networks achieve good performance while being more compact and lightweight. Further, we demonstrate that the compact structure and corresponding initialization from the Lottery Ticket Hypothesis can also help in data-free training.      
### 53.XPDNet for MRI Reconstruction: an Application to the fastMRI 2020 Brain Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.07290.pdf)
>  We present a modular cross-domain neural network the XPDNet and its application to the MRI reconstruction task. This approach consists in unrolling the PDHG algorithm as well as learning the acceleration scheme between steps. We also adopt state-of-the-art techniques specific to Deep Learning for MRI reconstruction. At the time of writing, this approach is the best performer in PSNR on the fastMRI leaderboards for both knee and brain at acceleration factor 4.      
