# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 21 Oct 2020
### 1.SDF-SRN: Learning Signed Distance 3D Object Reconstruction from Static Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10505.pdf)
>  Dense 3D object reconstruction from a single image has recently witnessed remarkable advances, but supervising neural networks with ground-truth 3D shapes is impractical due to the laborious process of creating paired image-shape datasets. Recent efforts have turned to learning 3D reconstruction without 3D supervision from RGB images with annotated 2D silhouettes, dramatically reducing the cost and effort of annotation. These techniques, however, remain impractical as they still require multi-view annotations of the same object instance during training. As a result, most experimental efforts to date have been limited to synthetic datasets. In this paper, we address this issue and propose SDF-SRN, an approach that requires only a single view of objects at training time, offering greater utility for real-world scenarios. SDF-SRN learns implicit 3D shape representations to handle arbitrary shape topologies that may exist in the datasets. To this end, we derive a novel differentiable rendering formulation for learning signed distance functions (SDF) from 2D silhouettes. Our method outperforms the state of the art under challenging single-view supervision settings on both synthetic and real-world datasets.      
### 2.FishNet: A Unified Embedding for Salmon Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10475.pdf)
>  Identifying individual salmon can be very beneficial for the aquaculture industry as it enables monitoring and analyzing fish behavior and welfare. For aquaculture researchers identifying individual salmon is imperative to their research. The current methods of individual salmon tagging and tracking rely on physical interaction with the fish. This process is inefficient and can cause physical harm and stress for the salmon. In this paper we propose FishNet, based on a deep learning technique that has been successfully used for identifying humans, to identify salmon.We create a dataset of labeled fish images and then test the performance of the FishNet architecture. Our experiments show that this architecture learns a useful representation based on images of salmon heads. Further, we show that good performance can be achieved with relatively small neural network models: FishNet achieves a false positive rate of 1\% and a true positive rate of 96\%.      
### 3.Tilting at windmills: Data augmentation for deep pose estimation does not help with occlusions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10451.pdf)
>  Occlusion degrades the performance of human pose estimation. In this paper, we introduce targeted keypoint and body part occlusion attacks. The effects of the attacks are systematically analyzed on the best performing methods. In addition, we propose occlusion specific data augmentation techniques against keypoint and part attacks. Our extensive experiments show that human pose estimation methods are not robust to occlusion and data augmentation does not solve the occlusion problems.      
### 4.Convolutional neural networks for automatic detection of Focal Cortical Dysplasia  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10373.pdf)
>  Focal cortical dysplasia (FCD) is one of the most common epileptogenic lesions associated with cortical development malformations. However, the accurate detection of the FCD relies on the radiologist professionalism, and in many cases, the lesion could be missed. In this work, we solve the problem of automatic identification of FCD on magnetic resonance images (MRI). For this task, we improve recent methods of Deep Learning-based FCD detection and apply it for a dataset of 15 labeled FCD patients. The model results in the successful detection of FCD on 11 out of 15 subjects.      
### 5.A Flatter Loss for Bias Mitigation in Cross-dataset Facial Age Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10368.pdf)
>  Existing studies in facial age estimation have mostly focused on intra-dataset protocols that assume training and test images captured under similar conditions. However, this is rarely valid in practical applications, where training and test sets usually have different characteristics. In this paper, we advocate a cross-dataset protocol for age estimation benchmarking. In order to improve the cross-dataset age estimation performance, we mitigate the inherent bias caused by the learning algorithm itself. To this end, we propose a novel loss function that is more effective for neural network training. The relative smoothness of the proposed loss function is its advantage with regards to the optimisation process performed by stochastic gradient descent. Its lower gradient, compared with existing loss functions, facilitates the discovery of and convergence to a better optimum, and consequently a better generalisation. The cross-dataset experimental results demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method over the state-of-the-art algorithms in terms of accuracy and generalisation capability.      
### 6.Leveraging SLIC Superpixel Segmentation and Cascaded Ensemble SVM for Fully Automated Mass Detection In Mammograms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10340.pdf)
>  Identification and segmentation of breast masses in mammograms face complex challenges, owing to the highly variable nature of malignant densities with regards to their shape, contours, texture and orientation. Additionally, classifiers typically suffer from high class imbalance in region candidates, where normal tissue regions vastly outnumber malignant masses. This paper proposes a rigorous segmentation method, supported by morphological enhancement using grayscale linear filters. A novel cascaded ensemble of support vector machines (SVM) is used to effectively tackle the class imbalance and provide significant predictions. For True Positive Rate (TPR) of 0.35, 0.69 and 0.82, the system generates only 0.1, 0.5 and 1.0 False Positives/Image (FPI), respectively.      
### 7.Pedestrian Intention Prediction: A Multi-task Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10270.pdf)
>  In order to be globally deployed, autonomous cars must guarantee the safety of pedestrians. This is the reason why forecasting pedestrians' intentions sufficiently in advance is one of the most critical and challenging tasks for autonomous vehicles. This work tries to solve this problem by jointly predicting the intention and visual states of pedestrians. In terms of visual states, whereas previous work focused on x-y coordinates, we will also predict the size and indeed the whole bounding box of the pedestrian. The method is a recurrent neural network in a multi-task learning approach. It has one head that predicts the intention of the pedestrian for each one of its future position and another one predicting the visual states of the pedestrian. Experiments on the JAAD dataset show the superiority of the performance of our method compared to previous works for intention prediction. Also, although its simple architecture (more than 2 times faster), the performance of the bounding box prediction is comparable to the ones yielded by much more complex architectures. Our code is available online.      
### 8.AutoBSS: An Efficient Algorithm for Block Stacking Style Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10261.pdf)
>  Neural network architecture design mostly focuses on the new convolutional operator or special topological structure of network block, little attention is drawn to the configuration of stacking each block, called Block Stacking Style (BSS). Recent studies show that BSS may also have an unneglectable impact on networks, thus we design an efficient algorithm to search it automatically. The proposed method, AutoBSS, is a novel AutoML algorithm based on Bayesian optimization by iteratively refining and clustering Block Stacking Style Code (BSSC), which can find optimal BSS in a few trials without biased evaluation. On ImageNet classification task, ResNet50/MobileNetV2/EfficientNet-B0 with our searched BSS achieve 79.29%/74.5%/77.79%, which outperform the original baselines by a large margin. More importantly, experimental results on model compression, object detection and instance segmentation show the strong generalizability of the proposed AutoBSS, and further verify the unneglectable impact of BSS on neural networks.      
### 9.Preventing Personal Data Theft in Images with Adversarial ML  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10242.pdf)
>  Facial recognition tools are becoming exceptionally accurate in identifying people from images. However, this comes at the cost of privacy for users of online services with photo management (e.g. social media platforms). Particularly troubling is the ability to leverage unsupervised learning to recognize faces even when the user has not labeled their images. This is made simpler by modern facial recognition tools, such as FaceNet, that use encoders to generate low dimensional embeddings that can be clustered to learn previously unknown faces. In this paper, we propose a strategy to generate non-invasive noise masks to apply to facial images for a newly introduced user, yielding adversarial examples and preventing the formation of identifiable clusters in the embedding space. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method by showing that various classification and clustering methods cannot reliably cluster the adversarial examples we generate.      
### 10.Micro CT Image-Assisted Cross Modality Super-Resolution of Clinical CT Images Utilizing Synthesized Training Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10207.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel, unsupervised super-resolution (SR) approach for performing the SR of a clinical CT into the resolution level of a micro CT ($\mu$CT). The precise non-invasive diagnosis of lung cancer typically utilizes clinical CT data. Due to the resolution limitations of clinical CT (about $0.5 \times 0.5 \times 0.5$ mm$^3$), it is difficult to obtain enough pathological information such as the invasion area at alveoli level. On the other hand, $\mu$CT scanning allows the acquisition of volumes of lung specimens with much higher resolution ($50 \times 50 \times 50 \mu {\rm m}^3$ or higher). Thus, super-resolution of clinical CT volume may be helpful for diagnosis of lung cancer. Typical SR methods require aligned pairs of low-resolution (LR) and high-resolution (HR) images for training. Unfortunately, obtaining paired clinical CT and $\mu$CT volumes of human lung tissues is infeasible. Unsupervised SR methods are required that do not need paired LR and HR images. In this paper, we create corresponding clinical CT-$\mu$CT pairs by simulating clinical CT images from $\mu$CT images by modified CycleGAN. After this, we use simulated clinical CT-$\mu$CT image pairs to train an SR network based on SRGAN. Finally, we use the trained SR network to perform SR of the clinical CT images. We compare our proposed method with another unsupervised SR method for clinical CT images named SR-CycleGAN. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method can successfully perform SR of clinical CT images of lung cancer patients with $\mu$CT level resolution, and quantitatively and qualitatively outperformed conventional method (SR-CycleGAN), improving the SSIM (structure similarity) form 0.40 to 0.51.      
### 11.ICFHR 2020 Competition on Image Retrieval for Historical Handwritten Fragments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10197.pdf)
>  This competition succeeds upon a line of competitions for writer and style analysis of historical document images. In particular, we investigate the performance of large-scale retrieval of historical document fragments in terms of style and writer identification. The analysis of historic fragments is a difficult challenge commonly solved by trained humanists. In comparison to previous competitions, we make the results more meaningful by addressing the issue of sample granularity and moving from writer to page fragment retrieval. The two approaches, style and author identification, provide information on what kind of information each method makes better use of and indirectly contribute to the interpretability of the participating method. Therefore, we created a large dataset consisting of more than 120 000 fragments. Although the most teams submitted methods based on convolutional neural networks, the winning entry achieves an mAP below 40%.      
### 12.Claw U-Net: A Unet-based Network with Deep Feature Concatenation for Scleral Blood Vessel Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10163.pdf)
>  Sturge-Weber syndrome (SWS) is a vascular malformation disease, and it may cause blindness if the patient's condition is severe. Clinical results show that SWS can be divided into two types based on the characteristics of scleral blood vessels. Therefore, how to accurately segment scleral blood vessels has become a significant problem in computer-aided diagnosis. In this research, we propose to continuously upsample the bottom layer's feature maps to preserve image details, and design a novel Claw UNet based on UNet for scleral blood vessel segmentation. Specifically, the residual structure is used to increase the number of network layers in the feature extraction stage to learn deeper features. In the decoding stage, by fusing the features of the encoding, upsampling, and decoding parts, Claw UNet can achieve effective segmentation in the fine-grained regions of scleral blood vessels. To effectively extract small blood vessels, we use the attention mechanism to calculate the attention coefficient of each position in images. Claw UNet outperforms other UNet-based networks on scleral blood vessel image dataset.      
### 13.Two-Stage Generative Adversarial Networks for Document Image Binarization with Color Noise and Background Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10103.pdf)
>  Document image enhancement and binarization methods are often used to improve the accuracy and efficiency of document image analysis tasks such as text recognition. Traditional non-machine-learning methods are constructed on low-level features in an unsupervised manner but have difficulty with binarization on documents with severely degraded backgrounds. Convolutional neural network-based methods focus only on grayscale images and on local textual features. In this paper, we propose a two-stage color document image enhancement and binarization method using generative adversarial neural networks. In the first stage, four color-independent adversarial networks are trained to extract color foreground information from an input image for document image enhancement. In the second stage, two independent adversarial networks with global and local features are trained for image binarization of documents of variable size. For the adversarial neural networks, we formulate loss functions between a discriminator and generators having an encoder-decoder structure. Experimental results show that the proposed method achieves better performance than many classical and state-of-the-art algorithms over the Document Image Binarization Contest (DIBCO) datasets, the LRDE Document Binarization Dataset (LRDE DBD), and our shipping label image dataset.      
### 14.BiST: Bi-directional Spatio-Temporal Reasoning for Video-Grounded Dialogues  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10095.pdf)
>  Video-grounded dialogues are very challenging due to (i) the complexity of videos which contain both spatial and temporal variations, and (ii) the complexity of user utterances which query different segments and/or different objects in videos over multiple dialogue turns. However, existing approaches to video-grounded dialogues often focus on superficial temporal-level visual cues, but neglect more fine-grained spatial signals from videos. To address this drawback, we propose Bi-directional Spatio-Temporal Learning (BiST), a vision-language neural framework for high-resolution queries in videos based on textual cues. Specifically, our approach not only exploits both spatial and temporal-level information, but also learns dynamic information diffusion between the two feature spaces through spatial-to-temporal and temporal-to-spatial reasoning. The bidirectional strategy aims to tackle the evolving semantics of user queries in the dialogue setting. The retrieved visual cues are used as contextual information to construct relevant responses to the users. Our empirical results and comprehensive qualitative analysis show that BiST achieves competitive performance and generates reasonable responses on a large-scale AVSD benchmark. We also adapt our BiST models to the Video QA setting, and substantially outperform prior approaches on the TGIF-QA benchmark.      
### 15.Real-time Localized Photorealistic Video Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10056.pdf)
>  We present a novel algorithm for transferring artistic styles of semantically meaningful local regions of an image onto local regions of a target video while preserving its photorealism. Local regions may be selected either fully automatically from an image, through using video segmentation algorithms, or from casual user guidance such as scribbles. Our method, based on a deep neural network architecture inspired by recent work in photorealistic style transfer, is real-time and works on arbitrary inputs without runtime optimization once trained on a diverse dataset of artistic styles. By augmenting our video dataset with noisy semantic labels and jointly optimizing over style, content, mask, and temporal losses, our method can cope with a variety of imperfections in the input and produce temporally coherent videos without visual artifacts. We demonstrate our method on a variety of style images and target videos, including the ability to transfer different styles onto multiple objects simultaneously, and smoothly transition between styles in time.      
### 16.Video Reconstruction by Spatio-Temporal Fusion of Blurred-Coded Image Pair  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10052.pdf)
>  Learning-based methods have enabled the recovery of a video sequence from a single motion-blurred image or a single coded exposure image. Recovering video from a single motion-blurred image is a very ill-posed problem and the recovered video usually has many artifacts. In addition to this, the direction of motion is lost and it results in motion ambiguity. However, it has the advantage of fully preserving the information in the static parts of the scene. The traditional coded exposure framework is better-posed but it only samples a fraction of the space-time volume, which is at best 50% of the space-time volume. Here, we propose to use the complementary information present in the fully-exposed (blurred) image along with the coded exposure image to recover a high fidelity video without any motion ambiguity. Our framework consists of a shared encoder followed by an attention module to selectively combine the spatial information from the fully-exposed image with the temporal information from the coded image, which is then super-resolved to recover a non-ambiguous high-quality video. The input to our algorithm is a fully-exposed and coded image pair. Such an acquisition system already exists in the form of a Coded-two-bucket (C2B) camera. We demonstrate that our proposed deep learning approach using blurred-coded image pair produces much better results than those from just a blurred image or just a coded image.      
### 17.Tracking from Patterns: Learning Corresponding Patterns in Point Clouds for 3D Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10051.pdf)
>  A robust 3D object tracker which continuously tracks surrounding objects and estimates their trajectories is key for self-driving vehicles. Most existing tracking methods employ a tracking-by-detection strategy, which usually requires complex pair-wise similarity computation and neglects the nature of continuous object motion. In this paper, we propose to directly learn 3D object correspondences from temporal point cloud data and infer the motion information from correspondence patterns. We modify the standard 3D object detector to process two lidar frames at the same time and predict bounding box pairs for the association and motion estimation tasks. We also equip our pipeline with a simple yet effective velocity smoothing module to estimate consistent object motion. Benifiting from the learned correspondences and motion refinement, our method exceeds the existing 3D tracking methods on both the KITTI and larger scale Nuscenes dataset.      
### 18.Robust Neural Networks inspired by Strong Stability Preserving Runge-Kutta methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10047.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have achieved state-of-the-art performance in a variety of fields. Recent works observe that a class of widely used neural networks can be viewed as the Euler method of numerical discretization. From the numerical discretization perspective, Strong Stability Preserving (SSP) methods are more advanced techniques than the explicit Euler method that produce both accurate and stable solutions. Motivated by the SSP property and a generalized Runge-Kutta method, we propose Strong Stability Preserving networks (SSP networks) which improve robustness against adversarial attacks. We empirically demonstrate that the proposed networks improve the robustness against adversarial examples without any defensive methods. Further, the SSP networks are complementary with a state-of-the-art adversarial training scheme. Lastly, our experiments show that SSP networks suppress the blow-up of adversarial perturbations. Our results open up a way to study robust architectures of neural networks leveraging rich knowledge from numerical discretization literature.      
### 19.SOrT-ing VQA Models : Contrastive Gradient Learning for Improved Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10038.pdf)
>  Recent research in Visual Question Answering (VQA) has revealed state-of-the-art models to be inconsistent in their understanding of the world -- they answer seemingly difficult questions requiring reasoning correctly but get simpler associated sub-questions wrong. These sub-questions pertain to lower level visual concepts in the image that models ideally should understand to be able to answer the higher level question correctly. To address this, we first present a gradient-based interpretability approach to determine the questions most strongly correlated with the reasoning question on an image, and use this to evaluate VQA models on their ability to identify the relevant sub-questions needed to answer a reasoning question. Next, we propose a contrastive gradient learning based approach called Sub-question Oriented Tuning (SOrT) which encourages models to rank relevant sub-questions higher than irrelevant questions for an &lt;$image, reasoning-question$&gt; pair. We show that SOrT improves model consistency by upto 6.5% points over existing baselines, while also improving visual grounding.      
### 20.TTPLA: An Aerial-Image Dataset for Detection and Segmentation of Transmission Towers and Power Lines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10032.pdf)
>  Accurate detection and segmentation of transmission towers~(TTs) and power lines~(PLs) from aerial images plays a key role in protecting power-grid security and low-altitude UAV safety. Meanwhile, aerial images of TTs and PLs pose a number of new challenges to the computer vision researchers who work on object detection and segmentation -- PLs are long and thin, and may show similar color as the background; TTs can be of various shapes and most likely made up of line structures of various sparsity; The background scene, lighting, and object sizes can vary significantly from one image to another. In this paper we collect and release a new TT/PL Aerial-image (TTPLA) dataset, consisting of 1,100 images with the resolution of 3,840$\times$2,160 pixels, as well as manually labeled 8,987 instances of TTs and PLs. We develop novel policies for collecting, annotating, and labeling the images in TTPLA. Different from other relevant datasets, TTPLA supports evaluation of instance segmentation, besides detection and semantic segmentation. To build a baseline for detection and segmentation tasks on TTPLA, we report the performance of several state-of-the-art deep learning models on our dataset. TTPLA dataset is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/r3ab/ttpla_dataset" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 21.Fast Video Salient Object Detection via Spatiotemporal Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10027.pdf)
>  Since the wide employment of deep learning frameworks in video salient object detection, the accuracy of the recent approaches has made stunning progress. These approaches mainly adopt the sequential modules, based on optical flow or recurrent neural network (RNN), to learn robust spatiotemporal features. These modules are effective but significantly increase the computational burden of the corresponding deep models. In this paper, to simplify the network and maintain the accuracy, we present a lightweight network tailored for video salient object detection through the spatiotemporal knowledge distillation. Specifically, in the spatial aspect, we combine a saliency guidance feature embedding structure and spatial knowledge distillation to refine the spatial features. In the temporal aspect, we propose a temporal knowledge distillation strategy, which allows the network to learn the robust temporal features through the infer-frame feature encoding and distilling information from adjacent frames. The experiments on widely used video datasets (e.g., DAVIS, DAVSOD, SegTrack-V2) prove that our approach achieves competitive performance. Furthermore, without the employment of the complex sequential modules, the proposed network can obtain high efficiency with 0.01s per frame.      
### 22.An Investigation of Feature Selection and Transfer Learning for Writer-Independent Offline Handwritten Signature Verification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10025.pdf)
>  SigNet is a state of the art model for feature representation used for handwritten signature verification (HSV). This representation is based on a Deep Convolutional Neural Network (DCNN) and contains 2048 dimensions. When transposed to a dissimilarity space generated by the dichotomy transformation (DT), related to the writer-independent (WI) approach, these features may include redundant information. This paper investigates the presence of overfitting when using Binary Particle Swarm Optimization (BPSO) to perform the feature selection in a wrapper mode. We proposed a method based on a global validation strategy with an external archive to control overfitting during the search for the most discriminant representation. Moreover, an investigation is also carried out to evaluate the use of the selected features in a transfer learning context. The analysis is carried out on a writer-independent approach on the CEDAR, MCYT and GPDS datasets. The experimental results showed the presence of overfitting when no validation is used during the optimization process and the improvement when the global validation strategy with an external archive is used. Also, the space generated after feature selection can be used in a transfer learning context.      
### 23.Neural Architecture Performance Prediction Using Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10024.pdf)
>  In computer vision research, the process of automating architecture engineering, Neural Architecture Search (NAS), has gained substantial interest. Due to the high computational costs, most recent approaches to NAS as well as the few available benchmarks only provide limited search spaces. In this paper we propose a surrogate model for neural architecture performance prediction built upon Graph Neural Networks (GNN). We demonstrate the effectiveness of this surrogate model on neural architecture performance prediction for structurally unknown architectures (i.e. zero shot prediction) by evaluating the GNN on several experiments on the NAS-Bench-101 dataset.      
### 24.Hierarchical Conditional Relation Networks for Multimodal Video Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10019.pdf)
>  Video QA challenges modelers in multiple fronts. Modeling video necessitates building not only spatio-temporal models for the dynamic visual channel but also multimodal structures for associated information channels such as subtitles or audio. Video QA adds at least two more layers of complexity - selecting relevant content for each channel in the context of the linguistic query, and composing spatio-temporal concepts and relations in response to the query. To address these requirements, we start with two insights: (a) content selection and relation construction can be jointly encapsulated into a conditional computational structure, and (b) video-length structures can be composed hierarchically. For (a) this paper introduces a general-reusable neural unit dubbed Conditional Relation Network (CRN) taking as input a set of tensorial objects and translating into a new set of objects that encode relations of the inputs. The generic design of CRN helps ease the common complex model building process of Video QA by simple block stacking with flexibility in accommodating input modalities and conditioning features across both different domains. As a result, we realize insight (b) by introducing Hierarchical Conditional Relation Networks (HCRN) for Video QA. The HCRN primarily aims at exploiting intrinsic properties of the visual content of a video and its accompanying channels in terms of compositionality, hierarchy, and near and far-term relation. HCRN is then applied for Video QA in two forms, short-form where answers are reasoned solely from the visual content, and long-form where associated information, such as subtitles, presented. Our rigorous evaluations show consistent improvements over SOTAs on well-studied benchmarks including large-scale real-world datasets such as TGIF-QA and TVQA, demonstrating the strong capabilities of our CRN unit and the HCRN for complex domains such as Video QA.      
### 25.Towards Accurate Human Pose Estimation in Videos of Crowded Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10008.pdf)
>  Video-based human pose estimation in crowded scenes is a challenging problem due to occlusion, motion blur, scale variation and viewpoint change, etc. Prior approaches always fail to deal with this problem because of (1) lacking of usage of temporal information; (2) lacking of training data in crowded scenes. In this paper, we focus on improving human pose estimation in videos of crowded scenes from the perspectives of exploiting temporal context and collecting new data. In particular, we first follow the top-down strategy to detect persons and perform single-person pose estimation for each frame. Then, we refine the frame-based pose estimation with temporal contexts deriving from the optical-flow. Specifically, for one frame, we forward the historical poses from the previous frames and backward the future poses from the subsequent frames to current frame, leading to stable and accurate human pose estimation in videos. In addition, we mine new data of similar scenes to HIE dataset from the Internet for improving the diversity of training set. In this way, our model achieves best performance on 7 out of 13 videos and 56.33 average w\_AP on test dataset of HIE challenge.      
### 26.A Simple Baseline for Pose Tracking in Videos of Crowded Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10007.pdf)
>  This paper presents our solution to ACM MM challenge: Large-scale Human-centric Video Analysis in Complex Events\cite{lin2020human}; specifically, here we focus on Track3: Crowd Pose Tracking in Complex Events. Remarkable progress has been made in multi-pose training in recent years. However, how to track the human pose in crowded and complex environments has not been well addressed. We formulate the problem as several subproblems to be solved. First, we use a multi-object tracking method to assign human ID to each bounding box generated by the detection model. After that, a pose is generated to each bounding box with ID. At last, optical flow is used to take advantage of the temporal information in the videos and generate the final pose tracking result.      
### 27.SWIPENET: Object detection in noisy underwater images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10006.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep learning based object detection methods have achieved promising performance in controlled environments. However, these methods lack sufficient capabilities to handle underwater object detection due to these challenges: (1) images in the underwater datasets and real applications are blurry whilst accompanying severe noise that confuses the detectors and (2) objects in real applications are usually small. In this paper, we propose a novel Sample-WeIghted hyPEr Network (SWIPENET), and a robust training paradigm named Curriculum Multi-Class Adaboost (CMA), to address these two problems at the same time. Firstly, the backbone of SWIPENET produces multiple high resolution and semantic-rich Hyper Feature Maps, which significantly improve small object detection. Secondly, a novel sample-weighted detection loss function is designed for SWIPENET, which focuses on learning high weight samples and ignore learning low weight samples. Moreover, inspired by the human education process that drives the learning from easy to hard concepts, we here propose the CMA training paradigm that first trains a clean detector which is free from the influence of noisy data. Then, based on the clean detector, multiple detectors focusing on learning diverse noisy data are trained and incorporated into a unified deep ensemble of strong noise immunity. Experiments on two underwater robot picking contest datasets (URPC2017 and URPC2018) show that the proposed SWIPENET+CMA framework achieves better accuracy in object detection against several state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 28.Convolutional-LSTM for Multi-Image to Single Output Medical Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10004.pdf)
>  Medical head CT-scan imaging has been successfully combined with deep learning for medical diagnostics of head diseases and lesions[1]. State of the art classification models and algorithms for this task usually are based on 3d convolution layers for volumetric data on a supervised learning setting (1 input volume, 1 prediction per patient) or 2d convolution layers in a supervised setting (1 input image, 1 prediction per image). However a very common scenario in developing countries is to have the volume metadata lost due multiple reasons for example formatting conversion in images (for example .dicom to jpg), in this scenario the doctor analyses the collection of images and then emits a single diagnostic for the patient (with possibly an unfixed and variable number of images per patient) , this prevents it from being possible to use state of the art 3d models, but also is not possible to convert it to a supervised problem in a (1 image,1 diagnostic) setting because different angles or positions of the images for a single patient may not contain the disease or lesion. In this study we propose a solution for this scenario by combining 2d convolutional[2] models with sequence models which generate a prediction only after all images have been processed by the model for a given patient \(i\), this creates a multi-image to single-diagnostic setting \(y^i=f(x_1,x_2,..,x_n)\) where \(n\) may be different between patients. The experimental results demonstrate that it is possible to get a multi-image to single diagnostic model which mimics human doctor diagnostic process: evaluate the collection of patient images and then use important information in memory to decide a single diagnostic for the patient.      
### 29.Contextual Heterogeneous Graph Network for Human-Object Interaction Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10001.pdf)
>  Human-object interaction(HOI) detection is an important task for understanding human activity. Graph structure is appropriate to denote the HOIs in the scene. Since there is an subordination between human and object---human play subjective role and object play objective role in HOI, the relations between homogeneous entities and heterogeneous entities in the scene should also not be equally the same. However, previous graph models regard human and object as the same kind of nodes and do not consider that the messages are not equally the same between different entities. In this work, we address such a problem for HOI task by proposing a heterogeneous graph network that models humans and objects as different kinds of nodes and incorporates intra-class messages between homogeneous nodes and inter-class messages between heterogeneous nodes. In addition, a graph attention mechanism based on the intra-class context and inter-class context is exploited to improve the learning. Extensive experiments on the benchmark datasets V-COCO and HICO-DET demonstrate that the intra-class and inter-class messages are very important in HOI detection and verify the effectiveness of our method.      
### 30.Explorable Tone Mapping Operators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10000.pdf)
>  Tone-mapping plays an essential role in high dynamic range (HDR) imaging. It aims to preserve visual information of HDR images in a medium with a limited dynamic range. Although many works have been proposed to provide tone-mapped results from HDR images, most of them can only perform tone-mapping in a single pre-designed way. However, the subjectivity of tone-mapping quality varies from person to person, and the preference of tone-mapping style also differs from application to application. In this paper, a learning-based multimodal tone-mapping method is proposed, which not only achieves excellent visual quality but also explores the style diversity. Based on the framework of BicycleGAN, the proposed method can provide a variety of expert-level tone-mapped results by manipulating different latent codes. Finally, we show that the proposed method performs favorably against state-of-the-art tone-mapping algorithms both quantitatively and qualitatively.      
### 31.Wasserstein K-Means for Clustering Tomographic Projections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.09989.pdf)
>  Motivated by the 2D class averaging problem in single-particle cryo-electron microscopy (cryo-EM), we present a k-means algorithm based on a rotationally-invariant Wasserstein metric for images. Unlike existing methods that are based on Euclidean ($L_2$) distances, we prove that the Wasserstein metric better accommodates for the out-of-plane angular differences between different particle views. We demonstrate on a synthetic dataset that our method gives superior results compared to an $L_2$ baseline. Furthermore, there is little computational overhead, thanks to the use of a fast linear-time approximation to the Wasserstein-1 metric, also known as the Earthmover's distance.      
### 32.L-RED: Efficient Post-Training Detection of Imperceptible Backdoor Attacks without Access to the Training Set  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.09987.pdf)
>  Backdoor attacks (BAs) are an emerging form of adversarial attack typically against deep neural network image classifiers. The attacker aims to have the classifier learn to classify to a target class when test images from one or more source classes contain a backdoor pattern, while maintaining high accuracy on all clean test images. Reverse-Engineering-based Defenses (REDs) against BAs do not require access to the training set but only to an independent clean dataset. Unfortunately, most existing REDs rely on an unrealistic assumption that all classes except the target class are source classes of the attack. REDs that do not rely on this assumption often require a large set of clean images and heavy computation. In this paper, we propose a Lagrangian-based RED against imperceptible BAs that does not require knowledge of the number of source classes (or whether an attack is present). Our defense requires very few clean images to effectively detect BAs and is computationally efficient. Notably, we detect 56 out of 60 BAs using only two clean image per class in our experiments.      
### 33.ivadomed: A Medical Imaging Deep Learning Toolbox  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.09984.pdf)
>  ivadomed is an open-source Python package for designing, end-to-end training, and evaluating deep learning models applied to medical imaging data. The package includes APIs, command-line tools, documentation, and tutorials. ivadomed also includes pre-trained models such as spinal tumor segmentation and vertebral labeling. Original features of ivadomed include a data loader that can parse image metadata (e.g., acquisition parameters, image contrast, resolution) and subject metadata (e.g., pathology, age, sex) for custom data splitting or extra information during training and evaluation. Any dataset following the Brain Imaging Data Structure (BIDS) convention will be compatible with ivadomed without the need to manually organize the data, which is typically a tedious task. Beyond the traditional deep learning methods, ivadomed features cutting-edge architectures, such as FiLM and HeMis, as well as various uncertainty estimation methods (aleatoric and epistemic), and losses adapted to imbalanced classes and non-binary predictions. Each step is conveniently configurable via a single file. At the same time, the code is highly modular to allow addition/modification of an architecture or pre/post-processing steps. Example applications of ivadomed include MRI object detection, segmentation, and labeling of anatomical and pathological structures. Overall, ivadomed enables easy and quick exploration of the latest advances in deep learning for medical imaging applications. ivadomed's main project page is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ivadomed.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.Depth Guided Adaptive Meta-Fusion Network for Few-shot Video Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.09982.pdf)
>  Humans can easily recognize actions with only a few examples given, while the existing video recognition models still heavily rely on the large-scale labeled data inputs. This observation has motivated an increasing interest in few-shot video action recognition, which aims at learning new actions with only very few labeled samples. In this paper, we propose a depth guided Adaptive Meta-Fusion Network for few-shot video recognition which is termed as AMeFu-Net. Concretely, we tackle the few-shot recognition problem from three aspects: firstly, we alleviate this extremely data-scarce problem by introducing depth information as a carrier of the scene, which will bring extra visual information to our model; secondly, we fuse the representation of original RGB clips with multiple non-strictly corresponding depth clips sampled by our temporal asynchronization augmentation mechanism, which synthesizes new instances at feature-level; thirdly, a novel Depth Guided Adaptive Instance Normalization (DGAdaIN) fusion module is proposed to fuse the two-stream modalities efficiently. Additionally, to better mimic the few-shot recognition process, our model is trained in the meta-learning way. Extensive experiments on several action recognition benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness of our model.      
### 35.Stronger, Faster and More Explainable: A Graph Convolutional Baseline for Skeleton-based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.09978.pdf)
>  One essential problem in skeleton-based action recognition is how to extract discriminative features over all skeleton joints. However, the complexity of the State-Of-The-Art (SOTA) models of this task tends to be exceedingly sophisticated and over-parameterized, where the low efficiency in model training and inference has obstructed the development in the field, especially for large-scale action datasets. In this work, we propose an efficient but strong baseline based on Graph Convolutional Network (GCN), where three main improvements are aggregated, i.e., early fused Multiple Input Branches (MIB), Residual GCN (ResGCN) with bottleneck structure and Part-wise Attention (PartAtt) block. Firstly, an MIB is designed to enrich informative skeleton features and remain compact representations at an early fusion stage. Then, inspired by the success of the ResNet architecture in Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), a ResGCN module is introduced in GCN to alleviate computational costs and reduce learning difficulties in model training while maintain the model accuracy. Finally, a PartAtt block is proposed to discover the most essential body parts over a whole action sequence and obtain more explainable representations for different skeleton action sequences. Extensive experiments on two large-scale datasets, i.e., NTU RGB+D 60 and 120, validate that the proposed baseline slightly outperforms other SOTA models and meanwhile requires much fewer parameters during training and inference procedures, e.g., at most 34 times less than DGNN, which is one of the best SOTA methods.      
### 36.Hierarchical Paired Channel Fusion Network for Street Scene Change Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.09925.pdf)
>  Street Scene Change Detection (SSCD) aims to locate the changed regions between a given street-view image pair captured at different times, which is an important yet challenging task in the computer vision community. The intuitive way to solve the SSCD task is to fuse the extracted image feature pairs, and then directly measure the dissimilarity parts for producing a change map. Therefore, the key for the SSCD task is to design an effective feature fusion method that can improve the accuracy of the corresponding change maps. To this end, we present a novel Hierarchical Paired Channel Fusion Network (HPCFNet), which utilizes the adaptive fusion of paired feature channels. Specifically, the features of a given image pair are jointly extracted by a Siamese Convolutional Neural Network (SCNN) and hierarchically combined by exploring the fusion of channel pairs at multiple feature levels. In addition, based on the observation that the distribution of scene changes is diverse, we further propose a Multi-Part Feature Learning (MPFL) strategy to detect diverse changes. Based on the MPFL strategy, our framework achieves a novel approach to adapt to the scale and location diversities of the scene change regions. Extensive experiments on three public datasets (i.e., PCD, VL-CMU-CD and CDnet2014) demonstrate that the proposed framework achieves superior performance which outperforms other state-of-the-art methods with a considerable margin.      
### 37.Color Image Segmentation Metrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.09907.pdf)
>  An automatic image segmentation procedure is an inevitable part of many image analyses and computer vision which deeply affect the rest of the system; therefore, a set of interactive segmentation evaluation methods can substantially simplify the system development process. This entry presents the state of the art of quantitative evaluation metrics for color image segmentation methods by performing an analytical and comparative review of the measures. The decision-making process in selecting a suitable evaluation metric is still very serious because each metric tends to favor a different segmentation method for each benchmark dataset. Furthermore, a conceptual comparison of these metrics is provided at a high level of abstraction and is discussed for understanding the quantitative changes in different image segmentation results.      
### 38.LT-GAN: Self-Supervised GAN with Latent Transformation Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.09893.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) coupled with self-supervised tasks have shown promising results in unconditional and semi-supervised image generation. We propose a self-supervised approach (LT-GAN) to improve the generation quality and diversity of images by estimating the GAN-induced transformation (i.e. transformation induced in the generated images by perturbing the latent space of generator). Specifically, given two pairs of images where each pair comprises of a generated image and its transformed version, the self-supervision task aims to identify whether the latent transformation applied in the given pair is same to that of the other pair. Hence, this auxiliary loss encourages the generator to produce images that are distinguishable by the auxiliary network, which in turn promotes the synthesis of semantically consistent images with respect to latent transformations. We show the efficacy of this pretext task by improving the image generation quality in terms of FID on state-of-the-art models for both conditional and unconditional settings on CIFAR-10, CelebA-HQ and ImageNet datasets. Moreover, we empirically show that LT-GAN helps in improving controlled image editing for CelebA-HQ and ImageNet over baseline models. We experimentally demonstrate that our proposed LT self-supervision task can be effectively combined with other state-of-the-art training techniques for added benefits. Consequently, we show that our approach achieves the new state-of-the-art FID score of 9.8 on conditional CIFAR-10 image generation.      
### 39.DeepApple: Deep Learning-based Apple Detection using a Suppression Mask R-CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.09870.pdf)
>  Robotic apple harvesting has received much research attention in the past few years due to growing shortage and rising cost in labor. One key enabling technology towards automated harvesting is accurate and robust apple detection, which poses great challenges as a result of the complex orchard environment that involves varying lighting conditions and foliage/branch occlusions. This letter reports on the development of a novel deep learning-based apple detection framework named DeepApple. Specifically, we first collect a comprehensive apple orchard dataset for 'Gala' and 'Blondee' apples, using a color camera, under different lighting conditions (sunny vs. overcast and front lighting vs. back lighting). We then develop a novel suppression Mask R-CNN for apple detection, in which a suppression branch is added to the standard Mask R-CNN to suppress non-apple features generated by the original network. Comprehensive evaluations are performed, which show that the developed suppression Mask R-CNN network outperforms state-of-the-art models with a higher F1-score of 0.905 and a detection time of 0.25 second per frame on a standard desktop computer.      
### 40.Anomaly Detection on X-Rays Using Self-Supervised Aggregation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.09856.pdf)
>  Deep anomaly detection models using a supervised mode of learning usually work under a closed set assumption and suffer from overfitting to previously seen rare anomalies at training, which hinders their applicability in a real scenario. In addition, obtaining annotations for X-rays is very time consuming and requires extensive training of radiologists. Hence, training anomaly detection in a fully unsupervised or self-supervised fashion would be advantageous, allowing a significant reduction of time spent on the report by radiologists. In this paper, we present SALAD, an end-to-end deep self-supervised methodology for anomaly detection on X-Ray images. The proposed method is based on an optimization strategy in which a deep neural network is encouraged to represent prototypical local patterns of the normal data in the embedding space. During training, we record the prototypical patterns of normal training samples via a memory bank. Our anomaly score is then derived by measuring similarity to a weighted combination of normal prototypical patterns within a memory bank without using any anomalous patterns. We present extensive experiments on the challenging NIH Chest X-rays and MURA dataset, which indicate that our algorithm improves state-of-the-art methods by a wide margin.      
### 41.Facial Emotion Recognition with Noisy Multi-task Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.09849.pdf)
>  Human emotions can be inferred from facial expressions. However, the annotations of facial expressions are often highly noisy in common emotion coding models, including categorical and dimensional ones. To reduce human labelling effort on multi-task labels, we introduce a new problem of facial emotion recognition with noisy multi-task annotations. For this new problem, we suggest a formulation from the point of joint distribution match view, which aims at learning more reliable correlations among raw facial images and multi-task labels, resulting in the reduction of noise influence. In our formulation, we exploit a new method to enable the emotion prediction and the joint distribution learning in a unified adversarial learning game. Evaluation throughout extensive experiments studies the real setups of the suggested new problem, as well as the clear superiority of the proposed method over the state-of-the-art competing methods on either the synthetic noisy labeled CIFAR-10 or practical noisy multi-task labeled RAF and AffectNet.      
### 42.GAMesh: Guided and Augmented Meshing for Deep Point Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.09774.pdf)
>  We present a new meshing algorithm called guided and augmented meshing, GAMesh, which uses a mesh prior to generate a surface for the output points of a point network. By projecting the output points onto this prior and simplifying the resulting mesh, GAMesh ensures a surface with the same topology as the mesh prior but whose geometric fidelity is controlled by the point network. This makes GAMesh independent of both the density and distribution of the output points, a common artifact in traditional surface reconstruction algorithms. We show that such a separation of geometry from topology can have several advantages especially in single-view shape prediction, fair evaluation of point networks and reconstructing surfaces for networks which output sparse point clouds. We further show that by training point networks with GAMesh, we can directly optimize the vertex positions to generate adaptive meshes with arbitrary topologies.      
### 43.Investigating and Simplifying Masking-based Saliency Methods for Model Interpretability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.09750.pdf)
>  Saliency maps that identify the most informative regions of an image for a classifier are valuable for model interpretability. A common approach to creating saliency maps involves generating input masks that mask out portions of an image to maximally deteriorate classification performance, or mask in an image to preserve classification performance. Many variants of this approach have been proposed in the literature, such as counterfactual generation and optimizing over a Gumbel-Softmax distribution. Using a general formulation of masking-based saliency methods, we conduct an extensive evaluation study of a number of recently proposed variants to understand which elements of these methods meaningfully improve performance. Surprisingly, we find that a well-tuned, relatively simple formulation of a masking-based saliency model outperforms many more complex approaches. We find that the most important ingredients for high quality saliency map generation are (1) using both masked-in and masked-out objectives and (2) training the classifier alongside the masking model. Strikingly, we show that a masking model can be trained with as few as 10 examples per class and still generate saliency maps with only a 0.7-point increase in localization error.      
### 44.Automotive Radar Interference Mitigation with Unfolded Robust PCA based on Residual Overcomplete Auto-Encoder Blocks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10357.pdf)
>  Deep learning methods for automotive radar interference mitigation can succesfully estimate the amplitude of targets, but fail to recover the phase of the respective targets. In this paper, we propose an efficient and effective technique based on unfolded robust Principal Component Analysis (RPCA) that is able to estimate both amplitude and phase in the presence of interference. Our contribution consists in introducing residual overcomplete auto-encoder (ROC-AE) blocks into the recurrent architecture of unfolded RPCA, which results in a deeper model that significantly outperforms unfolded RPCA as well as other deep learning models.      
### 45.Asynchronous Edge Learning using Cloned Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10338.pdf)
>  With the increasing demand for more and more data, the federated learning (FL) methods, which try to utilize highly distributed on-device local data in the training process, have been proposed.However, fledgling services provided by startup companies not only have limited number of clients, but also have minimal resources for constant communications between the server and multiple clients. In addition, in a real-world environment where the user pool changes dynamically, the FL system must be able to efficiently utilize rapid inflow and outflow of users, while at the same time experience minimal bottleneck due to network delays of multiple users. In this respect, we amend the federated learning scenario to a more flexible asynchronous edge learning. To solve the aforementioned learning problems, we propose an asynchronous model-based communication method with knowledge distillation. In particular, we dub our knowledge distillation scheme as "cloned distillation" and explain how it is different from other knowledge distillation method. In brief, we found that in knowledge distillation between the teacher and the student there exist two contesting traits in the student: to attend to the teacher's knowledge or to retain its own knowledge exclusive to the teacher. And in this edge learning scenario, the attending property should be amplified rather than the retaining property, because teachers are dispatched to the users to learn from them and recollected at the server to teach the core model. Our asynchronous edge learning method can elastically handle the dynamic inflow and outflow of users in a service with minimal communication cost, operate with essentially no bottleneck due to user delay, and protect user's privacy. Also we found that it is robust to users who behave abnormally or maliciously.      
### 46.The Detection of Thoracic Abnormalities ChestX-Det10 Challenge Results  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10298.pdf)
>  The detection of thoracic abnormalities challenge is organized by the Deepwise AI Lab. The challenge is divided into two rounds. In this paper, we present the results of 6 teams which reach the second round. The challenge adopts the ChestX-Det10 dateset proposed by the Deepwise AI Lab. ChestX-Det10 is the first chest X-Ray dataset with instance-level annotations, including 10 categories of disease/abnormality of 3,543 images. We randomly split all data into 3001 images for training and 542 images for testing.      
### 47.Fisheye lens distortion correction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10295.pdf)
>  A new distortion correction algorithm for fisheye lens with equidistant mapping function is considered in the present study. The algorithm is much more data lossless and accurate than such a classical approach like Brown-Conrady model      
### 48.Synthesis of COVID-19 Chest X-rays using Unpaired Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10266.pdf)
>  Motivated by the lack of publicly available datasets of chest radiographs of positive patients with Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), we build the first-of-its-kind open dataset of synthetic COVID-19 chest X-ray images of high fidelity using an unsupervised domain adaptation approach by leveraging class conditioning and adversarial training. Our contributions are twofold. First, we show considerable performance improvements on COVID-19 detection using various deep learning architectures when employing synthetic images as additional training set. Second, we show how our image synthesis method can serve as a data anonymization tool by achieving comparable detection performance when trained only on synthetic data. In addition, the proposed data generation framework offers a viable solution to the COVID-19 detection in particular, and to medical image classification tasks in general. Our publicly available benchmark dataset consists of 21,295 synthetic COVID-19 chest X-ray images. The insights gleaned from this dataset can be used for preventive actions in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.      
### 49.BYOL works even without batch statistics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.10241.pdf)
>  Bootstrap Your Own Latent (BYOL) is a self-supervised learning approach for image representation. From an augmented view of an image, BYOL trains an online network to predict a target network representation of a different augmented view of the same image. Unlike contrastive methods, BYOL does not explicitly use a repulsion term built from negative pairs in its training objective. Yet, it avoids collapse to a trivial, constant representation. Thus, it has recently been hypothesized that batch normalization (BN) is critical to prevent collapse in BYOL. Indeed, BN flows gradients across batch elements, and could leak information about negative views in the batch, which could act as an implicit negative (contrastive) term. However, we experimentally show that replacing BN with a batch-independent normalization scheme (namely, a combination of group normalization and weight standardization) achieves performance comparable to vanilla BYOL ($73.9\%$ vs. $74.3\%$ top-1 accuracy under the linear evaluation protocol on ImageNet with ResNet-$50$). Our finding disproves the hypothesis that the use of batch statistics is a crucial ingredient for BYOL to learn useful representations.      
### 50.Region-specific Dictionary Learning-based Low-dose Thoracic CT Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.09953.pdf)
>  This paper presents a dictionary learning-based method with region-specific image patches to maximize the utility of the powerful sparse data processing technique for CT image reconstruction. Considering heterogeneous distributions of image features and noise in CT, region-specific customization of dictionaries is utilized in iterative reconstruction. Thoracic CT images are partitioned into several regions according to their structural and noise characteristics. Dictionaries specific to each region are then learned from the segmented thoracic CT images and applied to subsequent image reconstruction of the region. Parameters for dictionary learning and sparse representation are determined according to the structural and noise properties of each region. The proposed method results in better performance than the conventional reconstruction based on a single dictionary in recovering structures and suppressing noise in both simulation and human CT imaging. Quantitatively, the simulation study shows maximum improvement of image quality for the whole thorax can achieve 4.88% and 11.1% in terms of the Structure-SIMilarity (SSIM) and Root-Mean-Square Error (RMSE) indices, respectively. For human imaging data, it is found that the structures in the lungs and heart can be better recovered, while simultaneously decreasing noise around the vertebra effectively. The proposed strategy takes into account inherent regional differences inside of the reconstructed object and leads to improved images. The method can be readily extended to CT imaging of other anatomical regions and other applications.      
### 51.Failure Prediction by Confidence Estimation of Uncertainty-Aware Dirichlet Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.09865.pdf)
>  Reliably assessing model confidence in deep learning and predicting errors likely to be made are key elements in providing safety for model deployment, in particular for applications with dire consequences. In this paper, it is first shown that uncertainty-aware deep Dirichlet neural networks provide an improved separation between the confidence of correct and incorrect predictions in the true class probability (TCP) metric. Second, as the true class is unknown at test time, a new criterion is proposed for learning the true class probability by matching prediction confidence scores while taking imbalance and TCP constraints into account for correct predictions and failures. Experimental results show our method improves upon the maximum class probability (MCP) baseline and predicted TCP for standard networks on several image classification tasks with various network architectures.      
### 52.A Convenient Generalization of Schlick's Bias and Gain Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.09714.pdf)
>  We present a generalization of Schlick's bias and gain functions -- simple parametric curve-shaped functions for inputs in [0, 1]. Our single function includes both bias and gain as special cases, and is able to describe other smooth and monotonic curves with variable degrees of asymmetry.      
