# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 6 Oct 2020
### 1.Mind the Pad -- CNNs can Develop Blind Spots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02178.pdf)
>  We show how feature maps in convolutional networks are susceptible to spatial bias. Due to a combination of architectural choices, the activation at certain locations is systematically elevated or weakened. The major source of this bias is the padding mechanism. Depending on several aspects of convolution arithmetic, this mechanism can apply the padding unevenly, leading to asymmetries in the learned weights. We demonstrate how such bias can be detrimental to certain tasks such as small object detection: the activation is suppressed if the stimulus lies in the impacted area, leading to blind spots and misdetection. We propose solutions to mitigate spatial bias and demonstrate how they can improve model accuracy.      
### 2.Ego-Motion Alignment from Face Detections for Collaborative Augmented Reality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02153.pdf)
>  Sharing virtual content among multiple smart glasses wearers is an essential feature of a seamless Collaborative Augmented Reality experience. To enable the sharing, local coordinate systems of the underlying 6D ego-pose trackers, running independently on each set of glasses, have to be spatially and temporally aligned with respect to each other. In this paper, we propose a novel lightweight solution for this problem, which is referred as ego-motion alignment. We show that detecting each other's face or glasses together with tracker ego-poses sufficiently conditions the problem to spatially relate local coordinate systems. Importantly, the detected glasses can serve as reliable anchors to bring sufficient accuracy for the targeted practical use. The proposed idea allows us to abandon the traditional visual localization step with fiducial markers or scene points as anchors. A novel closed form minimal solver which solves a Quadratic Eigenvalue Problem is derived and its refinement with Gaussian Belief Propagation is introduced. Experiments validate the presented approach and show its high practical potential.      
### 3.TrueImage: A Machine Learning Algorithm to Improve the Quality of Telehealth Photos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02086.pdf)
>  Telehealth is an increasingly critical component of the health care ecosystem, especially due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Rapid adoption of telehealth has exposed limitations in the existing infrastructure. In this paper, we study and highlight photo quality as a major challenge in the telehealth workflow. We focus on teledermatology, where photo quality is particularly important; the framework proposed here can be generalized to other health domains. For telemedicine, dermatologists request that patients submit images of their lesions for assessment. However, these images are often of insufficient quality to make a clinical diagnosis since patients do not have experience taking clinical photos. A clinician has to manually triage poor quality images and request new images to be submitted, leading to wasted time for both the clinician and the patient. We propose an automated image assessment machine learning pipeline, TrueImage, to detect poor quality dermatology photos and to guide patients in taking better photos. Our experiments indicate that TrueImage can reject 50% of the sub-par quality images, while retaining 80% of good quality images patients send in, despite heterogeneity and limitations in the training data. These promising results suggest that our solution is feasible and can improve the quality of teledermatology care.      
### 4.Non-anchor-based vehicle detection for traffic surveillance using bounding ellipses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02059.pdf)
>  Cameras for traffic surveillance are usually pole-mounted and produce images that reflect a birds-eye view. Vehicles in such images, in general, assume an ellipse form. A bounding box for the vehicles usually includes a large empty space when the vehicle orientation is not parallel to the edges of the box. To circumvent this problem, the present study applied bounding ellipses to a non-anchor-based, single-shot detection model (CenterNet). Since this model does not depend on anchor boxes, non-max suppression (NMS) that requires computing the intersection over union (IOU) between predicted bounding boxes is unnecessary for inference. The SpotNet that extends the CenterNet model by adding a segmentation head was also tested with bounding ellipses. Two other anchor-based, single-shot detection models (YOLO4 and SSD) were chosen as references for comparison. The model performance was compared based on a local dataset that was doubly annotated with bounding boxes and ellipses. As a result, the performance of the two models with bounding ellipses exceeded that of the reference models with bounding boxes. When the backbone of the ellipse models was pretrained on an open dataset (UA-DETRAC), the performance was further enhanced. The data augmentation schemes developed for YOLO4 also improved the performance of the proposed models. As a result, the best mAP score of a CenterNet with bounding ellipses exceeds 0.9.      
### 5.Probabilistic 3D surface reconstruction from sparse MRI information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02041.pdf)
>  Surface reconstruction from magnetic resonance (MR) imaging data is indispensable in medical image analysis and clinical research. A reliable and effective reconstruction tool should: be fast in prediction of accurate well localised and high resolution models, evaluate prediction uncertainty, work with as little input data as possible. Current deep learning state of the art (SOTA) 3D reconstruction methods, however, often only produce shapes of limited variability positioned in a canonical position or lack uncertainty evaluation. In this paper, we present a novel probabilistic deep learning approach for concurrent 3D surface reconstruction from sparse 2D MR image data and aleatoric uncertainty prediction. Our method is capable of reconstructing large surface meshes from three quasi-orthogonal MR imaging slices from limited training sets whilst modelling the location of each mesh vertex through a Gaussian distribution. Prior shape information is encoded using a built-in linear principal component analysis (PCA) model. Extensive experiments on cardiac MR data show that our probabilistic approach successfully assesses prediction uncertainty while at the same time qualitatively and quantitatively outperforms SOTA methods in shape prediction. Compared to SOTA, we are capable of properly localising and orientating the prediction via the use of a spatially aware neural network.      
### 6.BalaGAN: Image Translation Between Imbalanced Domains via Cross-Modal Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02036.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art image-to-image translation methods tend to struggle in an imbalanced domain setting, where one image domain lacks richness and diversity. We introduce a new unsupervised translation network, BalaGAN, specifically designed to tackle the domain imbalance problem. We leverage the latent modalities of the richer domain to turn the image-to-image translation problem, between two imbalanced domains, into a balanced, multi-class, and conditional translation problem, more resembling the style transfer setting. Specifically, we analyze the source domain and learn a decomposition of it into a set of latent modes or classes, without any supervision. This leaves us with a multitude of balanced cross-domain translation tasks, between all pairs of classes, including the target domain. During inference, the trained network takes as input a source image, as well as a reference or style image from one of the modes as a condition, and produces an image which resembles the source on the pixel-wise level, but shares the same mode as the reference. We show that employing modalities within the dataset improves the quality of the translated images, and that BalaGAN outperforms strong baselines of both unconditioned and style-transfer-based image-to-image translation methods, in terms of image quality and diversity.      
### 7.A Novel Actor Dual-Critic Model for Remote Sensing Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01999.pdf)
>  We deal with the problem of generating textual captions from optical remote sensing (RS) images using the notion of deep reinforcement learning. Due to the high inter-class similarity in reference sentences describing remote sensing data, jointly encoding the sentences and images encourages prediction of captions that are semantically more precise than the ground truth in many cases. To this end, we introduce an Actor Dual-Critic training strategy where a second critic model is deployed in the form of an encoder-decoder RNN to encode the latent information corresponding to the original and generated captions. While all actor-critic methods use an actor to predict sentences for an image and a critic to provide rewards, our proposed encoder-decoder RNN guarantees high-level comprehension of images by sentence-to-image translation. We observe that the proposed model generates sentences on the test data highly similar to the ground truth and is successful in generating even better captions in many critical cases. Extensive experiments on the benchmark Remote Sensing Image Captioning Dataset (RSICD) and the UCM-captions dataset confirm the superiority of the proposed approach in comparison to the previous state-of-the-art where we obtain a gain of sharp increments in both the ROUGE-L and CIDEr measures.      
### 8.EqCo: Equivalent Rules for Self-supervised Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01929.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a method, named EqCo (Equivalent Rules for Contrastive Learning), to make self-supervised learning irrelevant to the number of negative samples in the contrastive learning framework. Inspired by the infomax principle, we point that the margin term in contrastive loss needs to be adaptively scaled according to the number of negative pairs in order to keep steady mutual information bound and gradient magnitude. EqCo bridges the performance gap among a wide range of negative sample sizes, so that for the first time, we can perform self-supervised contrastive training using only a few negative pairs (e.g.smaller than 256 per query) on large-scale vision tasks like ImageNet, while with little accuracy drop. This is quite a contrast to the widely used large batch training or memory bank mechanism in current practices. Equipped with EqCo, our simplified MoCo (SiMo) achieves comparable accuracy with MoCo v2 on ImageNet (linear evaluation protocol) while only involves 16 negative pairs per query instead of 65536, suggesting that large quantities of negative samples might not be a critical factor in contrastive learning frameworks.      
### 9.Automatic label correction based on CCESD  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01919.pdf)
>  In the computer-aided diagnosis of cervical precancerous lesions, it is essential for accurate cell segmentation. For a cervical cell image with multi-cell overlap (n&gt;3), blurry and noisy background, and low contrast, it is difficult for a professional doctor to obtain an ultra-high-precision labeled image. On the other hand, it is possible for the annotator to draw the outline of the cell as accurately as possible. However, if the label edge position is inaccurate, the accuracy of the training model will decrease, and it will have a great impact on the accuracy of the model evaluation. We designed an automatic label correction algorithm based on gradient guidance, which can solve the effects of poor edge position accuracy and differences between different annotators during manual labeling. At the same time, an open cervical cell edge segmentation dataset (CCESD) with higher labeling accuracy was constructed. We also use deep learning models to generate the baseline performance on CCESD. Using the modified labeling data to train multiple models compared to the original labeling data can be improved 7% average precision (AP). The implementation is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nachifur-ljw/label_correction_based_CCESD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.Best Buddies Registration for Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01912.pdf)
>  We propose new, and robust, loss functions for the point cloud registration problem. Our loss functions are inspired by the Best Buddies Similarity (BBS) measure that counts the number of mutual nearest neighbors between two point sets. This measure has been shown to be robust to outliers and missing data in the case of template matching for images. We present several algorithms, collectively named Best Buddy Registration (BBR), where each algorithm consists of optimizing one of these loss functions with Adam gradient descent. The loss functions differ in several ways, including the distance function used (point-to-point vs. point-to-plane), and how the BBS measure is combined with the actual distances between pairs of points. Experiments on various data sets, both synthetic and real, demonstrate the effectiveness of the BBR algorithms, showing that they are quite robust to noise, outliers, and distractors, and cope well with extremely sparse point clouds. One variant, BBR-F, achieves state-of-the-art accuracy in the registration of automotive lidar scans taken up to several seconds apart, from the KITTI and Apollo-Southbay datasets.      
### 11.Semantics through Time: Semi-supervised Segmentation of Aerial Videos with Iterative Label Propagation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01910.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation is a crucial task for robot navigation and safety. However, current supervised methods require a large amount of pixelwise annotations to yield accurate results. Labeling is a tedious and time consuming process that has hampered progress in low altitude UAV applications. This paper makes an important step towards automatic annotation by introducing SegProp, a novel iterative flow-based method, with a direct connection to spectral clustering in space and time, to propagate the semantic labels to frames that lack human annotations. The labels are further used in semi-supervised learning scenarios. Motivated by the lack of a large video aerial dataset, we also introduce Ruralscapes, a new dataset with high resolution (4K) images and manually-annotated dense labels every 50 frames - the largest of its kind, to the best of our knowledge. Our novel SegProp automatically annotates the remaining unlabeled 98% of frames with an accuracy exceeding 90% (F-measure), significantly outperforming other state-of-the-art label propagation methods. Moreover, when integrating other methods as modules inside SegProp's iterative label propagation loop, we achieve a significant boost over the baseline labels. Finally, we test SegProp in a full semi-supervised setting: we train several state-of-the-art deep neural networks on the SegProp-automatically-labeled training frames and test them on completely novel videos. We convincingly demonstrate, every time, a significant improvement over the supervised scenario.      
### 12.Joint Scene and Object Tracking for Cost-Effective Augmented Reality Assisted Patient Positioning in Radiation Therapy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01895.pdf)
>  $\textrm{Background and Objective:}$ The research done in the field of Augmented Reality (AR) for patient positioning in radiation therapy is scarce. We propose an efficient and cost-effective algorithm for tracking the scene and the patient to interactively assist the patient's positioning process by providing visual feedback to the operator. <br>$\textrm{Methods:}$ We have taken advantage of the marker mapper algorithm combined with other steps including generalized ICP to track the patient. We track the environment using the UcoSLAM algorithm. The alignment between the 3D reference model and body marker map is calculated employing our efficient body reconstruction algorithm. <br>$\textrm{Results}:$ Our quantitative evaluation shows that we were able to achieve an average rotational error of 1.77 deg and a translational error of 7.28 mm. Our algorithm performed with an average frame rate of 19 fps. Furthermore, the qualitative results demonstrate the usefulness of our algorithm in patient positioning on different human subjects. <br>$\textrm{Conclusion:}$ Since our algorithm achieves a relatively high frame rate and accuracy without the usage of a dedicated GPU employing a regular laptop, it is a very cost-effective AR-based patient positioning method.      
### 13.Joint Pruning &amp; Quantization for Extremely Sparse Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01892.pdf)
>  We investigate pruning and quantization for deep neural networks. Our goal is to achieve extremely high sparsity for quantized networks to enable implementation on low cost and low power accelerator hardware. In a practical scenario, there are particularly many applications for dense prediction tasks, hence we choose stereo depth estimation as target. <br>We propose a two stage pruning and quantization pipeline and introduce a Taylor Score alongside a new fine-tuning mode to achieve extreme sparsity without sacrificing performance. <br>Our evaluation does not only show that pruning and quantization should be investigated jointly, but also shows that almost 99% of memory demand can be cut while hardware costs can be reduced up to 99.9%. In addition, to compare with other works, we demonstrate that our pruning stage alone beats the state-of-the-art when applied to ResNet on CIFAR10 and ImageNet.      
### 14.MetaBox+: A new Region Based Active Learning Method for Semantic Segmentation using Priority Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01884.pdf)
>  We present a novel region based active learning method for semantic image segmentation, called MetaBox+. For acquisition, we train a meta regression model to estimate the segment-wise Intersection over Union (IoU) of each predicted segment of unlabeled images. This can be understood as an estimation of segment-wise prediction quality. Queried regions are supposed to minimize to competing targets, i.e., low predicted IoU values / segmentation quality and low estimated annotation costs. For estimating the latter we propose a simple but practical method for annotation cost estimation. We compare our method to entropy based methods, where we consider the entropy as uncertainty of the prediction. The comparison and analysis of the results provide insights into annotation costs as well as robustness and variance of the methods. Numerical experiments conducted with two different networks on the Cityscapes dataset clearly demonstrate a reduction of annotation effort compared to random acquisition. Noteworthily, we achieve 95%of the mean Intersection over Union (mIoU), using MetaBox+ compared to when training with the full dataset, with only 10.47% / 32.01% annotation effort for the two networks, respectively.      
### 15.Monocular Rotational Odometry with Incremental Rotation Averaging and Loop Closure  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01872.pdf)
>  Estimating absolute camera orientations is essential for attitude estimation tasks. An established approach is to first carry out visual odometry (VO) or visual SLAM (V-SLAM), and retrieve the camera orientations (3 DOF) from the camera poses (6 DOF) estimated by VO or V-SLAM. One drawback of this approach, besides the redundancy in estimating full 6 DOF camera poses, is the dependency on estimating a map (3D scene points) jointly with the 6 DOF poses due to the basic constraint on structure-and-motion. To simplify the task of absolute orientation estimation, we formulate the monocular rotational odometry problem and devise a fast algorithm to accurately estimate camera orientations with 2D-2D feature matches alone. Underpinning our system is a new incremental rotation averaging method for fast and constant time iterative updating. Furthermore, our system maintains a view-graph that 1) allows solving loop closure to remove camera orientation drift, and 2) can be used to warm start a V-SLAM system. We conduct extensive quantitative experiments on real-world datasets to demonstrate the accuracy of our incremental camera orientation solver. Finally, we showcase the benefit of our algorithm to V-SLAM: 1) solving the known rotation problem to estimate the trajectory of the camera and the surrounding map, and 2)enabling V-SLAM systems to track pure rotational motions.      
### 16.AE-Netv2: Optimization of Image Fusion Efficiency and Network Architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01863.pdf)
>  Existing image fusion methods pay few research attention to image fusion efficiency and network architecture. However, the efficiency and accuracy of image fusion has an important impact in practical applications. To solve this problem, we propose an \textit{efficient autonomous evolution image fusion method, dubed by AE-Netv2}. Different from other image fusion methods based on deep learning, AE-Netv2 is inspired by human brain cognitive mechanism. Firstly, we discuss the influence of different network architecture on image fusion quality and fusion efficiency, which provides a reference for the design of image fusion architecture. Secondly, we explore the influence of pooling layer on image fusion task and propose an image fusion method with pooling layer. Finally, we explore the commonness and characteristics of different image fusion tasks, which provides a research basis for further research on the continuous learning characteristics of human brain in the field of image fusion. Comprehensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of AE-Netv2 compared with state-of-the-art methods in different fusion tasks at a real time speed of 100+ FPS on GTX 2070. Among all tested methods based on deep learning, AE-Netv2 has the faster speed, the smaller model size and the better robustness.      
### 17.Depth-wise layering of 3d images using dense depth maps: a threshold based approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01841.pdf)
>  Image segmentation has long been a basic problem in computer vision. Depth-wise Layering is a kind of segmentation that slices an image in a depth-wise sequence unlike the conventional image segmentation problems dealing with surface-wise decomposition. The proposed Depth-wise Layering technique uses a single depth image of a static scene to slice it into multiple layers. The technique employs a thresholding approach to segment rows of the dense depth map into smaller partitions called Line-Segments in this paper. Then, it uses the line-segment labelling method to identify number of objects and layers of the scene independently. The final stage is to link objects of the scene to their respective object-layers. We evaluate the efficiency of the proposed technique by applying that on many images along with their dense depth maps. The experiments have shown promising results of layering.      
### 18.Class-Wise Difficulty-Balanced Loss for Solving Class-Imbalance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01824.pdf)
>  Class-imbalance is one of the major challenges in real world datasets, where a few classes (called majority classes) constitute much more data samples than the rest (called minority classes). Learning deep neural networks using such datasets leads to performances that are typically biased towards the majority classes. Most of the prior works try to solve class-imbalance by assigning more weights to the minority classes in various manners (e.g., data re-sampling, cost-sensitive learning). However, we argue that the number of available training data may not be always a good clue to determine the weighting strategy because some of the minority classes might be sufficiently represented even by a small number of training data. Overweighting samples of such classes can lead to drop in the model's overall performance. We claim that the 'difficulty' of a class as perceived by the model is more important to determine the weighting. In this light, we propose a novel loss function named Class-wise Difficulty-Balanced loss, or CDB loss, which dynamically distributes weights to each sample according to the difficulty of the class that the sample belongs to. Note that the assigned weights dynamically change as the 'difficulty' for the model may change with the learning progress. Extensive experiments are conducted on both image (artificially induced class-imbalanced MNIST, long-tailed CIFAR and ImageNet-LT) and video (EGTEA) datasets. The results show that CDB loss consistently outperforms the recently proposed loss functions on class-imbalanced datasets irrespective of the data type (i.e., video or image).      
### 19.Painting Outside as Inside: Edge Guided Image Outpainting via Bidirectional Rearrangement with Step-By-Step Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01810.pdf)
>  Image outpainting is a very intriguing problem as the outside of a given image can be continuously filled by considering as the context of the image. This task has two main challenges. The first is to maintain the spatial consistency in contents of generated regions and the original input. The second is to generate a high-quality large image with a small amount of adjacent information. Conventional image outpainting methods generate inconsistent, blurry, and repeated pixels. To alleviate the difficulty of an outpainting problem, we propose a novel image outpainting method using bidirectional boundary region rearrangement. We rearrange the image to benefit from the image inpainting task by reflecting more directional information. The bidirectional boundary region rearrangement enables the generation of the missing region using bidirectional information similar to that of the image inpainting task, thereby generating the higher quality than the conventional methods using unidirectional information. Moreover, we use the edge map generator that considers images as original input with structural information and hallucinates the edges of unknown regions to generate the image. Our proposed method is compared with other state-of-the-art outpainting and inpainting methods both qualitatively and quantitatively. We further compared and evaluated them using BRISQUE, one of the No-Reference image quality assessment (IQA) metrics, to evaluate the naturalness of the output. The experimental results demonstrate that our method outperforms other methods and generates new images with 360°panoramic characteristics.      
### 20.Long-tailed Recognition by Routing Diverse Distribution-Aware Experts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01809.pdf)
>  Natural data are often long-tail distributed over semantic classes. Existing recognition methods tend to focus on tail performance gain, often at the expense of head performance loss from increased classifier variance. The low tail performance manifests itself in large inter-class confusion and high classifier variance. We aim to reduce both the bias and the variance of a long-tailed classifier by RoutIng Diverse Experts (RIDE). It has three components: 1) a shared architecture for multiple classifiers (experts); 2) a distribution-aware diversity loss that encourages more diverse decisions for classes with fewer training instances; and 3) an expert routing module that dynamically assigns more ambiguous instances to additional experts. With on-par computational complexity, RIDE significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by 5% to 7% on all the benchmarks including CIFAR100-LT, ImageNet-LT and iNaturalist. RIDE is also a universal framework that can be applied to different backbone networks and integrated into various long-tailed algorithms and training mechanisms for consistent performance gains.      
### 21.MetaPhys: Unsupervised Few-Shot Adaptation for Non-Contact Physiological Measurement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01773.pdf)
>  There are large individual differences in physiological processes, making designing personalized health sensing algorithms challenging. Existing machine learning systems struggle to generalize well to unseen subjects or contexts, especially in video-based physiological measurement. Although fine-tuning for a user might address this issue, it is difficult to collect large sets of training data for specific individuals because supervised algorithms require medical-grade sensors for generating the training target. Therefore, learning personalized or customized models from a small number of unlabeled samples is very attractive as it would allow fast calibrations. In this paper, we present a novel unsupervised meta-learning approach called MetaPhys for learning personalized cardiac signals from 18-seconds of unlabeled video data. We evaluate our proposed approach on two benchmark datasets and demonstrate superior performance in cross-dataset evaluation with substantial reductions (42% to 44%) in errors compared with state-of-the-art approaches. Visualization of attention maps and ablation experiments reveal how the model adapts to each subject and why our proposed approach leads to these improvements. We have also demonstrated our proposed method significantly helps reduce the bias in skin type.      
### 22.A Review of Vegetation Encroachment Detection in Power Transmission Lines using Optical Sensing Satellite Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01757.pdf)
>  Vegetation encroachment in power transmission lines can cause outages, which may result in severe impact on economic of power utilities companies as well as the consumer. Vegetation detection and monitoring along the power line corridor right-of-way (ROW) are implemented to protect power transmission lines from vegetation penetration. There were various methods used to monitor the vegetation penetration, however, most of them were too expensive and time consuming. Satellite images can play a major role in vegetation monitoring, because it can cover high spatial area with relatively low cost. In this paper, the current techniques used to detect the vegetation encroachment using satellite images are reviewed and categorized into four sectors; Vegetation Index based method, object-based detection method, stereo matching based and other current techniques. However, the current methods depend usually on setting manually serval threshold values and parameters which make the detection process very static. Machine Learning (ML) and deep learning (DL) algorithms can provide a very high accuracy with flexibility in the detection process. Hence, in addition to review the current technique of vegetation penetration monitoring in power transmission, the potential of using Machine Learning based algorithms are also included.      
### 23.Revisiting Batch Normalization for Training Low-latency Deep Spiking Neural Networks from Scratch  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01729.pdf)
>  Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs) have recently emerged as an alternative to deep learning owing to sparse, asynchronous and binary event (or spike) driven processing, that can yield huge energy efficiency benefits on neuromorphic hardware. Most existing approaches to create SNNs either convert the weights from pre-trained Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs) or directly train SNNs with surrogate gradient backpropagation. Each approach presents its pros and cons. The ANN-to-SNN conversion method requires at least hundreds of time-steps for inference to yield competitive accuracy that in turn reduces the energy savings. Training SNNs with surrogate gradients from scratch reduces the latency or total number of time-steps, but the training becomes slow/problematic and has convergence issues. Thus, the latter approach of training SNNs has been limited to shallow networks on simple datasets. To address this training issue in SNNs, we revisit batch normalization and propose a temporal Batch Normalization Through Time (BNTT) technique. Most prior SNN works till now have disregarded batch normalization deeming it ineffective for training temporal SNNs. Different from previous works, our proposed BNTT decouples the parameters in a BNTT layer along the time axis to capture the temporal dynamics of spikes. The temporally evolving learnable parameters in BNTT allow a neuron to control its spike rate through different time-steps, enabling low-latency and low-energy training from scratch. We conduct experiments on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, Tiny-ImageNet and event-driven DVS-CIFAR10 datasets. BNTT allows us to train deep SNN architectures from scratch, for the first time, on complex datasets with just few 25-30 time-steps. We also propose an early exit algorithm using the distribution of parameters in BNTT to reduce the latency at inference, that further improves the energy-efficiency.      
### 24.Attention Guided Semantic Relationship Parsing for Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01725.pdf)
>  Humans explain inter-object relationships with semantic labels that demonstrate a high-level understanding required to perform complex Vision-Language tasks such as Visual Question Answering (VQA). However, existing VQA models represent relationships as a combination of object-level visual features which constrain a model to express interactions between objects in a single domain, while the model is trying to solve a multi-modal task. In this paper, we propose a general purpose semantic relationship parser which generates a semantic feature vector for each subject-predicate-object triplet in an image, and a Mutual and Self Attention (MSA) mechanism that learns to identify relationship triplets that are important to answer the given question. To motivate the significance of semantic relationships, we show an oracle setting with ground-truth relationship triplets, where our model achieves a ~25% accuracy gain over the closest state-of-the-art model on the challenging GQA dataset. Further, with our semantic parser, we show that our model outperforms other comparable approaches on VQA and GQA datasets.      
### 25.MetaDetect: Uncertainty Quantification and Prediction Quality Estimates for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01695.pdf)
>  In object detection with deep neural networks, the box-wise objectness score tends to be overconfident, sometimes even indicating high confidence in presence of inaccurate predictions. Hence, the reliability of the prediction and therefore reliable uncertainties are of highest interest. In this work, we present a post processing method that for any given neural network provides predictive uncertainty estimates and quality estimates. These estimates are learned by a post processing model that receives as input a hand-crafted set of transparent metrics in form of a structured dataset. Therefrom, we learn two tasks for predicted bounding boxes. We discriminate between true positives ($\mathit{IoU}\geq0.5$) and false positives ($\mathit{IoU} &lt; 0.5$) which we term meta classification, and we predict $\mathit{IoU}$ values directly which we term meta regression. The probabilities of the meta classification model aim at learning the probabilities of success and failure and therefore provide a modelled predictive uncertainty estimate. On the other hand, meta regression gives rise to a quality estimate. In numerical experiments, we use the publicly available YOLOv3 network and the Faster-RCNN network and evaluate meta classification and regression performance on the Kitti, Pascal VOC and COCO datasets. We demonstrate that our metrics are indeed well correlated with the $\mathit{IoU}$. For meta classification we obtain classification accuracies of up to 98.92% and AUROCs of up to 99.93%. For meta regression we obtain an $R^2$ value of up to 91.78%. These results yield significant improvements compared to other network's objectness score and other baseline approaches. Therefore, we obtain more reliable uncertainty and quality estimates which is particularly interesting in the absence of ground truth.      
### 26.Generating Gameplay-Relevant Art Assets with Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01681.pdf)
>  In game development, designing compelling visual assets that convey gameplay-relevant features requires time and experience. Recent image generation methods that create high-quality content could reduce development costs, but these approaches do not consider game mechanics. We propose a Convolutional Variational Autoencoder (CVAE) system to modify and generate new game visuals based on their gameplay relevance. We test this approach with Pokémon sprites and Pokémon type information, since types are one of the game's core mechanics and they directly impact the game's visuals. Our experimental results indicate that adopting a transfer learning approach can help to improve visual quality and stability over unseen data.      
### 27.Learning Complete 3D Morphable Face Models from Images and Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01679.pdf)
>  Most 3D face reconstruction methods rely on 3D morphable models, which disentangle the space of facial deformations into identity geometry, expressions and skin reflectance. These models are typically learned from a limited number of 3D scans and thus do not generalize well across different identities and expressions. We present the first approach to learn complete 3D models of face identity geometry, albedo and expression just from images and videos. The virtually endless collection of such data, in combination with our self-supervised learning-based approach allows for learning face models that generalize beyond the span of existing approaches. Our network design and loss functions ensure a disentangled parameterization of not only identity and albedo, but also, for the first time, an expression basis. Our method also allows for in-the-wild monocular reconstruction at test time. We show that our learned models better generalize and lead to higher quality image-based reconstructions than existing approaches.      
### 28.Multi-Resolution Fusion and Multi-scale Input Priors Based Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01664.pdf)
>  Crowd counting in still images is a challenging problem in practice due to huge crowd-density variations, large perspective changes, severe occlusion, and variable lighting conditions. The state-of-the-art patch rescaling module (PRM) based approaches prove to be very effective in improving the crowd counting performance. However, the PRM module requires an additional and compromising crowd-density classification process. To address these issues and challenges, the paper proposes a new multi-resolution fusion based end-to-end crowd counting network. It employs three deep-layers based columns/branches, each catering the respective crowd-density scale. These columns regularly fuse (share) the information with each other. The network is divided into three phases with each phase containing one or more columns. Three input priors are introduced to serve as an efficient and effective alternative to the PRM module, without requiring any additional classification operations. Along with the final crowd count regression head, the network also contains three auxiliary crowd estimation regression heads, which are strategically placed at each phase end to boost the overall performance. Comprehensive experiments on three benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed approach outperforms all the state-of-the-art models under the RMSE evaluation metric. The proposed approach also has better generalization capability with the best results during the cross-dataset experiments.      
### 29.Supporting large-scale image recognition with out-of-domain samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01650.pdf)
>  This article presents an efficient end-to-end method to perform instance-level recognition employed to the task of labeling and ranking landmark images. In a first step, we embed images in a high dimensional feature space using convolutional neural networks trained with an additive angular margin loss and classify images using visual similarity. We then efficiently re-rank predictions and filter noise utilizing similarity to out-of-domain images. Using this approach we achieved the 1st place in the 2020 edition of the Google Landmark Recognition challenge.      
### 30.Unknown Presentation Attack Detection against Rational Attackers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01592.pdf)
>  Despite the impressive progress in the field of presentation attack detection and multimedia forensics over the last decade, these systems are still vulnerable to attacks in real-life settings. Some of the challenges for existing solutions are the detection of unknown attacks, the ability to perform in adversarial settings, few-shot learning, and explainability. In this study, these limitations are approached by reliance on a game-theoretic view for modeling the interactions between the attacker and the detector. Consequently, a new optimization criterion is proposed and a set of requirements are defined for improving the performance of these systems in real-life settings. Furthermore, a novel detection technique is proposed using generator-based feature sets that are not biased towards any specific attack species. To further optimize the performance on known attacks, a new loss function coined categorical margin maximization loss (C-marmax) is proposed which gradually improves the performance against the most powerful attack. The proposed approach provides a more balanced performance across known and unknown attacks and achieves state-of-the-art performance in known and unknown attack detection cases against rational attackers. Lastly, the few-shot learning potential of the proposed approach is studied as well as its ability to provide pixel-level explainability.      
### 31.The FaceChannelS: Strike of the Sequences for the AffWild 2 Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01557.pdf)
>  Predicting affective information from human faces became a popular task for most of the machine learning community in the past years. The development of immense and dense deep neural networks was backed by the availability of numerous labeled datasets. These models, most of the time, present state-of-the-art results in such benchmarks, but are very difficult to adapt to other scenarios. In this paper, we present one more chapter of benchmarking different versions of the FaceChannel neural network: we demonstrate how our little model can predict affective information from the facial expression on the novel AffWild2 dataset.      
### 32.Holistic static and animated 3D scene generation from diverse text descriptions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01549.pdf)
>  We propose a framework for holistic static and animated 3D scene generation from diverse text descriptions. Prior works of scene generation rely on static rule-based entity extraction from natural language description. However, this limits the usability of a practical solution. To overcome this limitation, we use one of state-of-the-art architecture - TransformerXL. Instead of rule-based extraction, our framework leverages the rich contextual encoding which allows us to process a larger range (diverse) of possible natural language descriptions. We empirically show how our proposed mechanism generalizes even on novel combinations of object-features during inference. We also show how our framework can jointly generate static and animated 3D scene efficiently. We modify CLEVR to generate a large, scalable dataset - Integrated static and animated 3D scene (Iscene). Data preparation code and pre-trained model available at - <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/oaishi/3DScene_from_text" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.Remembering for the Right Reasons: Explanations Reduce Catastrophic Forgetting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01528.pdf)
>  The goal of continual learning (CL) is to learn a sequence of tasks without suffering from the phenomenon of catastrophic forgetting. Previous work has shown that leveraging memory in the form of a replay buffer can reduce performance degradation on prior tasks. We hypothesize that forgetting can be further reduced when the model is encouraged to remember the \textit{evidence} for previously made decisions. As a first step towards exploring this hypothesis, we propose a simple novel training paradigm, called Remembering for the Right Reasons (RRR), that additionally stores visual model explanations for each example in the buffer and ensures the model has "the right reasons" for its predictions by encouraging its explanations to remain consistent with those used to make decisions at training time. Without this constraint, there is a drift in explanations and increase in forgetting as conventional continual learning algorithms learn new tasks. We demonstrate how RRR can be easily added to any memory or regularization-based approach and results in reduced forgetting, and more importantly, improved model explanations. We have evaluated our approach in the standard and few-shot settings and observed a consistent improvement across various CL approaches using different architectures and techniques to generate model explanations and demonstrated our approach showing a promising connection between explainability and continual learning. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SaynaEbrahimi/Remembering-for-the-Right-Reasons" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.A Study for Universal Adversarial Attacks on Texture Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01506.pdf)
>  Given the outstanding progress that convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have made on natural image classification and object recognition problems, it is shown that deep learning methods can achieve very good recognition performance on many texture datasets. However, while CNNs for natural image classification/object recognition tasks have been revealed to be highly vulnerable to various types of adversarial attack methods, the robustness of deep learning methods for texture recognition is yet to be examined. In our paper, we show that there exist small image-agnostic/univesal perturbations that can fool the deep learning models with more than 80\% of testing fooling rates on all tested texture datasets. The computed perturbations using various attack methods on the tested datasets are generally quasi-imperceptible, containing structured patterns with low, middle and high frequency components.      
### 35.A New Mask R-CNN Based Method for Improved Landslide Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01499.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel method of landslide detection by exploiting the Mask R-CNN capability of identifying an object layout by using a pixel-based segmentation, along with transfer learning used to train the proposed model. A data set of 160 elements is created containing landslide and non-landslide images. The proposed method consists of three steps: (i) augmenting training image samples to increase the volume of the training data, (ii) fine tuning with limited image samples, and (iii) performance evaluation of the algorithm in terms of precision, recall and F1 measure, on the considered landslide images, by adopting ResNet-50 and 101 as backbone models. The experimental results are quite encouraging as the proposed method achieves Precision equals to 1.00, Recall 0.93 and F1 measure 0.97, when ResNet-101 is used as backbone model, and with a low number of landslide photographs used as training samples. The proposed algorithm can be potentially useful for land use planners and policy makers of hilly areas where intermittent slope deformations necessitate landslide detection as prerequisite before planning.      
### 36.Generalized Two-Dimensional Quaternion Principal Component Analysis with Weighting for Color Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01477.pdf)
>  A generalized two-dimensional quaternion principal component analysis (G2DQPCA) approach with weighting is presented for color image analysis. As a general framework of 2DQPCA, G2DQPCA is flexible to adapt different constraints or requirements by imposing $L_{p}$ norms both on the constraint function and the objective function. The gradient operator of quaternion vector functions is redefined by the structure-preserving gradient operator of real vector function. Under the framework of minorization-maximization (MM), an iterative algorithm is developed to obtain the optimal closed-form solution of G2DQPCA. The projection vectors generated by the deflating scheme are required to be orthogonal to each other. A weighting matrix is defined to magnify the effect of main features. The weighted projection bases remain the accuracy of face recognition unchanged or moving in a tight range as the number of features increases. The numerical results based on the real face databases validate that the newly proposed method performs better than the state-of-the-art algorithms.      
### 37.MDReg-Net: Multi-resolution diffeomorphic image registration using fully convolutional networks with deep self-supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01465.pdf)
>  We present a diffeomorphic image registration algorithm to learn spatial transformations between pairs of images to be registered using fully convolutional networks (FCNs) under a self-supervised learning setting. The network is trained to estimate diffeomorphic spatial transformations between pairs of images by maximizing an image-wise similarity metric between fixed and warped moving images, similar to conventional image registration algorithms. It is implemented in a multi-resolution image registration framework to optimize and learn spatial transformations at different image resolutions jointly and incrementally with deep self-supervision in order to better handle large deformation between images. A spatial Gaussian smoothing kernel is integrated with the FCNs to yield sufficiently smooth deformation fields to achieve diffeomorphic image registration. Particularly, spatial transformations learned at coarser resolutions are utilized to warp the moving image, which is subsequently used for learning incremental transformations at finer resolutions. This procedure proceeds recursively to the full image resolution and the accumulated transformations serve as the final transformation to warp the moving image at the finest resolution. Experimental results for registering high resolution 3D structural brain magnetic resonance (MR) images have demonstrated that image registration networks trained by our method obtain robust, diffeomorphic image registration results within seconds with improved accuracy compared with state-of-the-art image registration algorithms.      
### 38.LEGAN: Disentangled Manipulation of Directional Lighting and Facial Expressions by Leveraging Human Perceptual Judgements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01464.pdf)
>  Building facial analysis systems that generalize to extreme variations in lighting and facial expressions is a challenging problem that can potentially be alleviated using natural-looking synthetic data. Towards that, we propose LEGAN, a novel synthesis framework that leverages perceptual quality judgments for jointly manipulating lighting and expressions in face images, without requiring paired training data. LEGAN disentangles the lighting and expression subspaces and performs transformations in the feature space before upscaling to the desired output image. The fidelity of the synthetic image is further refined by integrating a perceptual quality estimation model into the LEGAN framework as an auxiliary discriminator. The quality estimation model is learned from face images rendered using multiple synthesis methods and their crowd-sourced naturalness ratings using a margin-based regression loss. Using objective metrics like FID and LPIPS, LEGAN is shown to generate higher quality face images when compared with popular GAN models like pix2pix, CycleGAN and StarGAN for lighting and expression synthesis. We also conduct a perceptual study using images synthesized by LEGAN and other GAN models, trained with and without the quality based auxiliary discriminator, and show the correlation between our quality estimation and visual fidelity. Finally, we demonstrate the effectiveness of LEGAN as training data augmenter for expression recognition and face verification tasks.      
### 39.3D Orientation Field Transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01453.pdf)
>  The two-dimensional (2D) orientation field transform has been proved to be effective at enhancing 2D contours and curves in images by means of top-down processing. It, however, has no counterpart in three-dimensional (3D) images due to the extremely complicated orientation in 3D compared to 2D. Practically and theoretically, the demand and interest in 3D can only be increasing. In this work, we modularise the concept and generalise it to 3D curves. Different modular combinations are found to enhance curves to different extents and with different sensitivity to the packing of the 3D curves. In principle, the proposed 3D orientation field transform can naturally tackle any dimensions. As a special case, it is also ideal for 2D images, owning simpler methodology compared to the previous 2D orientation field transform. The proposed method is demonstrated with several transmission electron microscopy tomograms ranging from 2D curve enhancement to, the more important and interesting, 3D ones.      
### 40.MagGAN: High-Resolution Face Attribute Editing with Mask-Guided Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01424.pdf)
>  We present Mask-guided Generative Adversarial Network (MagGAN) for high-resolution face attribute editing, in which semantic facial masks from a pre-trained face parser are used to guide the fine-grained image editing process. With the introduction of a mask-guided reconstruction loss, MagGAN learns to only edit the facial parts that are relevant to the desired attribute changes, while preserving the attribute-irrelevant regions (e.g., hat, scarf for modification `To Bald'). Further, a novel mask-guided conditioning strategy is introduced to incorporate the influence region of each attribute change into the generator. In addition, a multi-level patch-wise discriminator structure is proposed to scale our model for high-resolution ($1024 \times 1024$) face editing. Experiments on the CelebA benchmark show that the proposed method significantly outperforms prior state-of-the-art approaches in terms of both image quality and editing performance.      
### 41.Early Bird: Loop Closures from Opposing Viewpoints for Perceptually-Aliased Indoor Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01421.pdf)
>  Significant advances have been made recently in Visual Place Recognition (VPR), feature correspondence, and localization due to the proliferation of deep-learning-based methods. However, existing approaches tend to address, partially or fully, only one of two key challenges: viewpoint change and perceptual aliasing. In this paper, we present novel research that simultaneously addresses both challenges by combining deep-learned features with geometric transformations based on reasonable domain assumptions about navigation on a ground-plane, whilst also removing the requirement for specialized hardware setup (e.g. lighting, downwards facing cameras). In particular, our integration of VPR with SLAM by leveraging the robustness of deep-learned features and our homography-based extreme viewpoint invariance significantly boosts the performance of VPR, feature correspondence, and pose graph submodules of the SLAM pipeline. For the first time, we demonstrate a localization system capable of state-of-the-art performance despite perceptual aliasing and extreme 180-degree-rotated viewpoint change in a range of real-world and simulated experiments. Our system is able to achieve early loop closures that prevent significant drifts in SLAM trajectories. We also compare extensively several deep architectures for VPR and descriptor matching. We also show that superior place recognition and descriptor matching across opposite views results in a similar performance gain in back-end pose graph optimization.      
### 42.Adversarial and Natural Perturbations for General Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01401.pdf)
>  In this paper we aim to explore the general robustness of neural network classifiers by utilizing adversarial as well as natural perturbations. Different from previous works which mainly focus on studying the robustness of neural networks against adversarial perturbations, we also evaluate their robustness on natural perturbations before and after robustification. After standardizing the comparison between adversarial and natural perturbations, we demonstrate that although adversarial training improves the performance of the networks against adversarial perturbations, it leads to drop in the performance for naturally perturbed samples besides clean samples. In contrast, natural perturbations like elastic deformations, occlusions and wave does not only improve the performance against natural perturbations, but also lead to improvement in the performance for the adversarial perturbations. Additionally they do not drop the accuracy on the clean images.      
### 43.Actionet: An Interactive End-To-End Platform For Task-Based Data Collection And Augmentation In 3D Environment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01357.pdf)
>  The problem of task planning for artificial agents remains largely unsolved. While there has been increasing interest in data-driven approaches for the study of task planning for artificial agents, a significant remaining bottleneck is the dearth of large-scale comprehensive task-based datasets. In this paper, we present ActioNet, an interactive end-to-end platform for data collection and augmentation of task-based dataset in 3D environment. Using ActioNet, we collected a large-scale comprehensive task-based dataset, comprising over 3000 hierarchical task structures and videos. Using the hierarchical task structures, the videos are further augmented across 50 different scenes to give over 150,000 video. To our knowledge, ActioNet is the first interactive end-to-end platform for such task-based dataset generation and the accompanying dataset is the largest task-based dataset of such comprehensive nature. The ActioNet platform and dataset will be made available to facilitate research in hierarchical task planning.      
### 44.A Variational Information Bottleneck Based Method to Compress Sequential Networks for Human Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01343.pdf)
>  In the last few years, compression of deep neural networks has become an important strand of machine learning and computer vision research. Deep models require sizeable computational complexity and storage, when used for instance for Human Action Recognition (HAR) from videos, making them unsuitable to be deployed on edge devices. In this paper, we address this issue and propose a method to effectively compress Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) such as Gated Recurrent Units (GRUs) and Long-Short-Term-Memory Units (LSTMs) that are used for HAR. We use a Variational Information Bottleneck (VIB) theory-based pruning approach to limit the information flow through the sequential cells of RNNs to a small subset. Further, we combine our pruning method with a specific group-lasso regularization technique that significantly improves compression. The proposed techniques reduce model parameters and memory footprint from latent representations, with little or no reduction in the validation accuracy while increasing the inference speed several-fold. We perform experiments on the three widely used Action Recognition datasets, viz. UCF11, HMDB51, and UCF101, to validate our approach. It is shown that our method achieves over 70 times greater compression than the nearest competitor with comparable accuracy for the task of action recognition on UCF11.      
### 45.End-to-End Training of CNN Ensembles for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01342.pdf)
>  We propose an end-to-end ensemble method for person re-identification (ReID) to address the problem of overfitting in discriminative models. These models are known to converge easily, but they are biased to the training data in general and may produce a high model variance, which is known as overfitting. The ReID task is more prone to this problem due to the large discrepancy between training and test distributions. To address this problem, our proposed ensemble learning framework produces several diverse and accurate base learners in a single DenseNet. Since most of the costly dense blocks are shared, our method is computationally efficient, which makes it favorable compared to the conventional ensemble models. Experiments on several benchmark datasets demonstrate that our method achieves state-of-the-art results. Noticeable performance improvements, especially on relatively small datasets, indicate that the proposed method deals with the overfitting problem effectively.      
### 46.Gaussian Vector: An Efficient Solution for Facial Landmark Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01318.pdf)
>  Significant progress has been made in facial landmark detection with the development of Convolutional Neural Networks. The widely-used algorithms can be classified into coordinate regression methods and heatmap based methods. However, the former loses spatial information, resulting in poor performance while the latter suffers from large output size or high post-processing complexity. This paper proposes a new solution, Gaussian Vector, to preserve the spatial information as well as reduce the output size and simplify the post-processing. Our method provides novel vector supervision and introduces Band Pooling Module to convert heatmap into a pair of vectors for each landmark. This is a plug-and-play component which is simple and effective. Moreover, Beyond Box Strategy is proposed to handle the landmarks out of the face bounding box. We evaluate our method on 300W, COFW, WFLW and JD-landmark. That the results significantly surpass previous works demonstrates the effectiveness of our approach.      
### 47.A simulation environment for drone cinematography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01315.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a workflow for the simulation of drone operations exploiting realistic background environments constructed within Unreal Engine 4 (UE4). Methods for environmental image capture, 3D reconstruction (photogrammetry) and the creation of foreground assets are presented along with a flexible and user-friendly simulation interface. Given the geographical location of the selected area and the camera parameters employed, the scanning strategy and its associated flight parameters are first determined for image capture. Source imagery can be extracted from virtual globe software or obtained through aerial photography of the scene (e.g. using drones). The latter case is clearly more time consuming but can provide enhanced detail, particularly where coverage of virtual globe software is limited. The captured images are then used to generate 3D background environment models employing photogrammetry software. The reconstructed 3D models are then imported into the simulation interface as background environment assets together with appropriate foreground object models as a basis for shot planning and rehearsal. The tool supports both free-flight and parameterisable standard shot types along with programmable scenarios associated with foreground assets and event dynamics. It also supports the exporting of flight plans. Camera shots can also be designed to provide suitable coverage of any landmarks which need to appear in-shot. This simulation tool will contribute to enhanced productivity, improved safety (awareness and mitigations for crowds and buildings), improved confidence of operators and directors and ultimately enhanced quality of viewer experience.      
### 48.Bounding Boxes Are All We Need: Street View Image Classification via Context Encoding of Detected Buildings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01305.pdf)
>  Street view images have been increasingly used in tasks like urban land use classification and urban functional zone portraying. Street view image classification is difficult because the class labels such as commercial area, are concepts with higher abstract level compared to general visual tasks. Therefore, classification models using only visual features often fail to achieve satisfactory performance. We believe that the efficient representation of significant objects and their context relations in street view images are the keys to solve this problem. In this paper, a novel approach based on a detector-encoder-classifier framework is proposed. Different from common image-level end-to-end models, our approach does not use visual features of the whole image directly. The proposed framework obtains the bounding boxes of buildings in street view images from a detector. Their contextual information such as building classes and positions are then encoded into metadata and finally classified by a recurrent neural network (RNN). To verify our approach, we made a dataset of 19,070 street view images and 38,857 buildings based on the BIC_GSV dataset through a combination of automatic label acquisition and expert annotation. The dataset can be used not only for street view image classification aiming at urban land use analysis, but also for multi-class building detection. Experiments show that the proposed approach achieves a 12.65% performance improvement on macro-precision and 12% on macro-recall over the models based on end-to-end convolutional neural network (CNN). Our code and dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kyle-one/Context-Encoding-of-Detected-Buildings/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 49.Deep Convolutional Neural Network Based Facial Expression Recognition in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01301.pdf)
>  This paper describes the proposed methodology, data used and the results of our participation in the ChallengeTrack 2 (Expr Challenge Track) of the Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-wild (ABAW) Competition 2020. In this competition, we have used a proposed deep convolutional neural network (CNN) model to perform automatic facial expression recognition (AFER) on the given dataset. Our proposed model has achieved an accuracy of 50.77% and an F1 score of 29.16% on the validation set.      
### 50.Unsupervised Shadow Removal Using Target Consistency Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01291.pdf)
>  Unsupervised shadow removal aims to learn a non-linear function to map the original image from shadow domain to non-shadow domain in the absence of paired shadow and non-shadow data. In this paper, we develop a simple yet efficient target-consistency generative adversarial network (TC-GAN) for the shadow removal task in the unsupervised manner. Compared with the bidirectional mapping in cycle-consistency GAN based methods for shadow removal, TC-GAN tries to learn a one-sided mapping to cast shadow images into shadow-free ones. With the proposed target-consistency constraint, the correlations between shadow images and the output shadow-free image are strictly confined. Extensive comparison experiments results show that TC-GAN outperforms the state-of-the-art unsupervised shadow removal methods by 14.9% in terms of FID and 31.5% in terms of KID. It is rather remarkable that TC-GAN achieves comparable performance with supervised shadow removal methods.      
### 51.Generating the Cloud Motion Winds Field from Satellite Cloud Imagery Using Deep Learning Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01283.pdf)
>  Cloud motion winds (CMW) are routinely derived by tracking features in sequential geostationary satellite infrared cloud imagery. In this paper, we explore the cloud motion winds algorithm based on data-driven deep learning approach, and different from conventional hand-craft feature tracking and correlation matching algorithms, we use deep learning model to automatically learn the motion feature representations and directly output the field of cloud motion winds. In addition, we propose a novel large-scale cloud motion winds dataset (CMWD) for training deep learning models. We also try to use a single cloud imagery to predict the cloud motion winds field in a fixed region, which is impossible to achieve using traditional algorithms. The experimental results demonstrate that our algorithm can predict the cloud motion winds field efficiently, and even with a single cloud imagery as input.      
### 52.TCLNet: Learning to Locate Typhoon Center Using Deep Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01282.pdf)
>  The task of typhoon center location plays an important role in typhoon intensity analysis and typhoon path prediction. Conventional typhoon center location algorithms mostly rely on digital image processing and mathematical morphology operation, which achieve limited performance. In this paper, we proposed an efficient fully convolutional end-to-end deep neural network named TCLNet to automatically locate the typhoon center position. We design the network structure carefully so that our TCLNet can achieve remarkable performance base on its lightweight architecture. In addition, we also present a brand new large-scale typhoon center location dataset (TCLD) so that the TCLNet can be trained in a supervised manner. Furthermore, we propose to use a novel TCL+ piecewise loss function to further improve the performance of TCLNet. Extensive experimental results and comparison demonstrate the performance of our model, and our TCLNet achieve a 14.4% increase in accuracy on the basis of a 92.7% reduction in parameters compared with SOTA deep learning based typhoon center location methods.      
### 53.UCP: Uniform Channel Pruning for Deep Convolutional Neural Networks Compression and Acceleration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01251.pdf)
>  To apply deep CNNs to mobile terminals and portable devices, many scholars have recently worked on the compressing and accelerating deep convolutional neural networks. Based on this, we propose a novel uniform channel pruning (UCP) method to prune deep CNN, and the modified squeeze-and-excitation blocks (MSEB) is used to measure the importance of the channels in the convolutional layers. The unimportant channels, including convolutional kernels related to them, are pruned directly, which greatly reduces the storage cost and the number of calculations. There are two types of residual blocks in ResNet. For ResNet with bottlenecks, we use the pruning method with traditional CNN to trim the 3x3 convolutional layer in the middle of the blocks. For ResNet with basic residual blocks, we propose an approach to consistently prune all residual blocks in the same stage to ensure that the compact network structure is dimensionally correct. Considering that the network loses considerable information after pruning and that the larger the pruning amplitude is, the more information that will be lost, we do not choose fine-tuning but retrain from scratch to restore the accuracy of the network after pruning. Finally, we verified our method on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and ILSVRC-2012 for image classification. The results indicate that the performance of the compact network after retraining from scratch, when the pruning rate is small, is better than the original network. Even when the pruning amplitude is large, the accuracy can be maintained or decreased slightly. On the CIFAR-100, when reducing the parameters and FLOPs up to 82% and 62% respectively, the accuracy of VGG-19 even improved by 0.54% after retraining.      
### 54.3D-Aided Data Augmentation for Robust Face Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01246.pdf)
>  Data augmentation has been highly effective in narrowing the data gap and reducing the cost for human annotation, especially for tasks where ground truth labels are difficult and expensive to acquire. In face recognition, large pose and illumination variation of face images has been a key factor for performance degradation. However, human annotation for the various face understanding tasks including face landmark localization, face attributes classification and face recognition under these challenging scenarios are highly costly to acquire. Therefore, it would be desirable to perform data augmentation for these cases. But simple 2D data augmentation techniques on the image domain are not able to satisfy the requirement of these challenging cases. As such, 3D face modeling, in particular, single image 3D face modeling, stands a feasible solution for these challenging conditions beyond 2D based data augmentation. To this end, we propose a method that produces realistic 3D augmented images from multiple viewpoints with different illumination conditions through 3D face modeling, each associated with geometrically accurate face landmarks, attributes and identity information. Experiments demonstrate that the proposed 3D data augmentation method significantly improves the performance and robustness of various face understanding tasks while achieving state-of-arts on multiple benchmarks.      
### 55.Consensus Clustering with Unsupervised Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01245.pdf)
>  Recent advances in deep clustering and unsupervised representation learning are based on the idea that different views of an input image (generated through data augmentation techniques) must either be closer in the representation space, or have a similar cluster assignment. In this work, we leverage this idea together with ensemble learning to perform clustering and representation learning. Ensemble learning is widely used in the supervised learning setting but has not yet been practical in deep clustering. Previous works on ensemble learning for clustering neither work on the feature space nor learn features. We propose a novel ensemble learning algorithm dubbed Consensus Clustering with Unsupervised Representation Learning (ConCURL) which learns representations by creating a consensus on multiple clustering outputs. Specifically, we generate a cluster ensemble using random transformations on the embedding space, and define a consensus loss function that measures the disagreement among the constituents of the ensemble. Thus, diverse ensembles minimize this loss function in a synergistic way, which leads to better representations that work with all cluster ensemble constituents. Our proposed method ConCURL is easy to implement and integrate into any representation learning or deep clustering block. ConCURL outperforms all state of the art methods on various computer vision datasets. Specifically, we beat the closest state of the art method by 5.9 percent on the ImageNet-10 dataset, and by 18 percent on the ImageNet-Dogs dataset in terms of clustering accuracy. We further shed some light on the under-studied overfitting issue in clustering and show that our method does not overfit as much as existing methods, and thereby generalizes better for new data samples.      
### 56.Nonconvex Regularization for Network Slimming:Compressing CNNs Even More  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01242.pdf)
>  In the last decade, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have evolved to become the dominant models for various computer vision tasks, but they cannot be deployed in low-memory devices due to its high memory requirement and computational cost. One popular, straightforward approach to compressing CNNs is network slimming, which imposes an $\ell_1$ penalty on the channel-associated scaling factors in the batch normalization layers during training. In this way, channels with low scaling factors are identified to be insignificant and are pruned in the models. In this paper, we propose replacing the $\ell_1$ penalty with the $\ell_p$ and transformed $\ell_1$ (T$\ell_1$) penalties since these nonconvex penalties outperformed $\ell_1$ in yielding sparser satisfactory solutions in various compressed sensing problems. In our numerical experiments, we demonstrate network slimming with $\ell_p$ and T$\ell_1$ penalties on VGGNet and Densenet trained on CIFAR 10/100. The results demonstrate that the nonconvex penalties compress CNNs better than $\ell_1$. In addition, T$\ell_1$ preserves the model accuracy after channel pruning, and $\ell_{1/2, 3/4}$ yield compressed models with similar accuracies as $\ell_1$ after retraining.      
### 57.A Deep Genetic Programming based Methodology for Art Media Classification Robust to Adversarial Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01238.pdf)
>  Art Media Classification problem is a current research area that has attracted attention due to the complex extraction and analysis of features of high-value art pieces. The perception of the attributes can not be subjective, as humans sometimes follow a biased interpretation of artworks while ensuring automated observation's trustworthiness. Machine Learning has outperformed many areas through its learning process of artificial feature extraction from images instead of designing handcrafted feature detectors. However, a major concern related to its reliability has brought attention because, with small perturbations made intentionally in the input image (adversarial attack), its prediction can be completely changed. In this manner, we foresee two ways of approaching the situation: (1) solve the problem of adversarial attacks in current neural networks methodologies, or (2) propose a different approach that can challenge deep learning without the effects of adversarial attacks. The first one has not been solved yet, and adversarial attacks have become even more complex to defend. Therefore, this work presents a Deep Genetic Programming method, called Brain Programming, that competes with deep learning and studies the transferability of adversarial attacks using two artworks databases made by art experts. The results show that the Brain Programming method preserves its performance in comparison with AlexNet, making it robust to these perturbations and competing to the performance of Deep Learning.      
### 58.Stuttering Speech Disfluency Prediction using Explainable Attribution Vectors of Facial Muscle Movements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01231.pdf)
>  Speech disorders such as stuttering disrupt the normal fluency of speech by involuntary repetitions, prolongations and blocking of sounds and syllables. In addition to these disruptions to speech fluency, most adults who stutter (AWS) also experience numerous observable secondary behaviors before, during, and after a stuttering moment, often involving the facial muscles. Recent studies have explored automatic detection of stuttering using Artificial Intelligence (AI) based algorithm from respiratory rate, audio, etc. during speech utterance. However, most methods require controlled environments and/or invasive wearable sensors, and are unable explain why a decision (fluent vs stuttered) was made. We hypothesize that pre-speech facial activity in AWS, which can be captured non-invasively, contains enough information to accurately classify the upcoming utterance as either fluent or stuttered. Towards this end, this paper proposes a novel explainable AI (XAI) assisted convolutional neural network (CNN) classifier to predict near future stuttering by learning temporal facial muscle movement patterns of AWS and explains the important facial muscles and actions involved. Statistical analyses reveal significantly high prevalence of cheek muscles (p&lt;0.005) and lip muscles (p&lt;0.005) to predict stuttering and shows a behavior conducive of arousal and anticipation to speak. The temporal study of these upper and lower facial muscles may facilitate early detection of stuttering, promote automated assessment of stuttering and have application in behavioral therapies by providing automatic non-invasive feedback in realtime.      
### 59.Video Saliency Detection with Domain Adaptation using Hierarchical Gradient Reversal Layers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01220.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a 3D fully convolutional architecture for video saliency detection that employs multi-head supervision on intermediate maps (referred to as conspicuity maps) generated using features extracted at different abstraction level. More specifically, the model employs a single encoder and features extracted at different levels are then passed to multiple decoders aiming at predicting multiple saliency instances that are finally combined to obtain final output saliency maps. We also combine the hierarchical features extracted from the model's encoder with a domain adaptation approach based on gradient reversal at multiple scales in order to improve the generalization capabilities on datasets for which no annotations are provided during training. The results of our experiments on standard benchmarks, namely DHF1K, Hollywood2 and UCF Sports, show that the proposed model outperforms state-of-the-art methods on most metrics for supervised saliency prediction. Moreover, when tested in an unsupervised settings, it is able to obtain performance comparable to those achieved by supervised state-of-the-art methods.      
### 60.Artificial Intelligence Enabled Traffic Monitoring System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01217.pdf)
>  Manual traffic surveillance can be a daunting task as Traffic Management Centers operate a myriad of cameras installed over a network. Injecting some level of automation could help lighten the workload of human operators performing manual surveillance and facilitate making proactive decisions which would reduce the impact of incidents and recurring congestion on roadways. This article presents a novel approach to automatically monitor real time traffic footage using deep convolutional neural networks and a stand-alone graphical user interface. The authors describe the results of research received in the process of developing models that serve as an integrated framework for an artificial intelligence enabled traffic monitoring system. The proposed system deploys several state-of-the-art deep learning algorithms to automate different traffic monitoring needs. Taking advantage of a large database of annotated video surveillance data, deep learning-based models are trained to detect queues, track stationary vehicles, and tabulate vehicle counts. A pixel-level segmentation approach is applied to detect traffic queues and predict severity. Real-time object detection algorithms coupled with different tracking systems are deployed to automatically detect stranded vehicles as well as perform vehicular counts. At each stages of development, interesting experimental results are presented to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed system. Overall, the results demonstrate that the proposed framework performs satisfactorily under varied conditions without being immensely impacted by environmental hazards such as blurry camera views, low illumination, rain, or snow.      
### 61.Leveraging Tacit Information Embedded in CNN Layers for Visual Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01204.pdf)
>  Different layers in CNNs provide not only different levels of abstraction for describing the objects in the input but also encode various implicit information about them. The activation patterns of different features contain valuable information about the stream of incoming images: spatial relations, temporal patterns, and co-occurrence of spatial and spatiotemporal (ST) features. The studies in visual tracking literature, so far, utilized only one of the CNN layers, a pre-fixed combination of them, or an ensemble of trackers built upon individual layers. In this study, we employ an adaptive combination of several CNN layers in a single DCF tracker to address variations of the target appearances and propose the use of style statistics on both spatial and temporal properties of the target, directly extracted from CNN layers for visual tracking. Experiments demonstrate that using the additional implicit data of CNNs significantly improves the performance of the tracker. Results demonstrate the effectiveness of using style similarity and activation consistency regularization in improving its localization and scale accuracy.      
### 62.Background Adaptive Faster R-CNN for Semi-Supervised Convolutional Object Detection of Threats in X-Ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01202.pdf)
>  Recently, progress has been made in the supervised training of Convolutional Object Detectors (e.g. Faster R-CNN) for threat recognition in carry-on luggage using X-ray images. This is part of the Transportation Security Administration's (TSA's) mission to protect air travelers in the United States. While more training data with threats may reliably improve performance for this class of deep algorithm, it is expensive to stage in realistic contexts. By contrast, data from the real world can be collected quickly with minimal cost. In this paper, we present a semi-supervised approach for threat recognition which we call Background Adaptive Faster R-CNN. This approach is a training method for two-stage object detectors which uses Domain Adaptation methods from the field of deep learning. The data sources described earlier make two "domains": a hand-collected data domain of images with threats, and a real-world domain of images assumed without threats. Two domain discriminators, one for discriminating object proposals and one for image features, are adversarially trained to prevent encoding domain-specific information. Without this penalty a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) can learn to identify domains based on superficial characteristics, and minimize a supervised loss function without improving its ability to recognize objects. For the hand-collected data, only object proposals and image features from backgrounds are used. The losses for these domain-adaptive discriminators are added to the Faster R-CNN losses of images from both domains. This can reduce threat detection false alarm rates by matching the statistics of extracted features from hand-collected backgrounds to real world data. Performance improvements are demonstrated on two independently-collected datasets of labeled threats.      
### 63.Semantic MapNet: Building Allocentric SemanticMaps and Representations from Egocentric Views  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01191.pdf)
>  We study the task of semantic mapping - specifically, an embodied agent (a robot or an egocentric AI assistant) is given a tour of a new environment and asked to build an allocentric top-down semantic map ("what is where?") from egocentric observations of an RGB-D camera with known pose (via localization sensors). Towards this goal, we present SemanticMapNet (SMNet), which consists of: (1) an Egocentric Visual Encoder that encodes each egocentric RGB-D frame, (2) a Feature Projector that projects egocentric features to appropriate locations on a floor-plan, (3) a Spatial Memory Tensor of size floor-plan length x width x feature-dims that learns to accumulate projected egocentric features, and (4) a Map Decoder that uses the memory tensor to produce semantic top-down maps. SMNet combines the strengths of (known) projective camera geometry and neural representation learning. On the task of semantic mapping in the Matterport3D dataset, SMNet significantly outperforms competitive baselines by 4.01-16.81% (absolute) on mean-IoU and 3.81-19.69% (absolute) on Boundary-F1 metrics. Moreover, we show how to use the neural episodic memories and spatio-semantic allocentric representations build by SMNet for subsequent tasks in the same space - navigating to objects seen during the tour("Find chair") or answering questions about the space ("How many chairs did you see in the house?").      
### 64.Adaptive Neural Layer for Globally Filtered Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01177.pdf)
>  This study is motivated by typical images taken during ultrasonic examinations in the clinic. Their grainy appearance, low resolution, and poor contrast demand an eye of a very qualified expert to discern targets and to spot pathologies. Training a segmentation model on such data is frequently accompanied by excessive pre-processing and image adjustments, with an accumulation of the localization error emerging due to the digital post-filtering artifacts and due to the annotation uncertainty. Each patient case generally requires an individually tuned frequency filter to obtain optimal image contrast and to optimize the segmentation quality. Thus, we aspired to invent an adaptive global frequency-filtering neural layer to "learn" optimal frequency filter for each image together with the weights of the segmentation network itself. Specifically, our model receives the source image in the spatial domain, automatically selects the necessary frequencies from the frequency domain, and transmits the inverse-transform image to the convolutional neural network for concurrent segmentation. In our experiments, such "learnable" filters boosted typical U-Net segmentation performance by 10% and made the training of other popular models (DenseNet and ResNet) almost twice faster. In our experiments, this trait holds both for two public datasets with ultrasonic images (breast and nerves), and for natural images (Caltech birds).      
### 65.Machine learning approach to force reconstruction in photoelastic materials  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01163.pdf)
>  Photoelastic techniques have a long tradition in both qualitative and quantitative analysis of the stresses in granular materials. Over the last two decades, computational methods for reconstructing forces between particles from their photoelastic response have been developed by many different experimental teams. Unfortunately, all of these methods are computationally expensive. This limits their use for processing extensive data sets that capture the time evolution of granular ensembles consisting of a large number of particles. In this paper, we present a novel approach to this problem which leverages the power of convolutional neural networks to recognize complex spatial patterns. The main drawback of using neural networks is that training them usually requires a large labeled data set which is hard to obtain experimentally. We show that this problem can be successfully circumvented by pretraining the networks on a large synthetic data set and then fine-tuning them on much smaller experimental data sets. Due to our current lack of experimental data, we demonstrate the potential of our method by changing the size of the considered particles which alters the exhibited photoelastic patterns more than typical experimental errors.      
### 66.MM-Hand: 3D-Aware Multi-Modal Guided Hand Generative Network for 3D Hand Pose Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01158.pdf)
>  Estimating the 3D hand pose from a monocular RGB image is important but challenging. A solution is training on large-scale RGB hand images with accurate 3D hand keypoint annotations. However, it is too expensive in practice. Instead, we have developed a learning-based approach to synthesize realistic, diverse, and 3D pose-preserving hand images under the guidance of 3D pose information. We propose a 3D-aware multi-modal guided hand generative network (MM-Hand), together with a novel geometry-based curriculum learning strategy. Our extensive experimental results demonstrate that the 3D-annotated images generated by MM-Hand qualitatively and quantitatively outperform existing options. Moreover, the augmented data can consistently improve the quantitative performance of the state-of-the-art 3D hand pose estimators on two benchmark datasets. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ScottHoang/mm-hand" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 67.Semantics-Guided Clustering with Deep Progressive Learning for Semi-Supervised Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01148.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (re-ID) requires one to match images of the same person across camera views. As a more challenging task, semi-supervised re-ID tackles the problem that only a number of identities in training data are fully labeled, while the remaining are unlabeled. Assuming that such labeled and unlabeled training data share disjoint identity labels, we propose a novel framework of Semantics-Guided Clustering with Deep Progressive Learning (SGC-DPL) to jointly exploit the above data. By advancing the proposed Semantics-Guided Affinity Propagation (SG-AP), we are able to assign pseudo-labels to selected unlabeled data in a progressive fashion, under the semantics guidance from the labeled ones. As a result, our approach is able to augment the labeled training data in the semi-supervised setting. Our experiments on two large-scale person re-ID benchmarks demonstrate the superiority of our SGC-DPL over state-of-the-art methods across different degrees of supervision. In extension, the generalization ability of our SGC-DPL is also verified in other tasks like vehicle re-ID or image retrieval with the semi-supervised setting.      
### 68.Medical Imaging and Computational Image Analysis in COVID-19 Diagnosis: A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02154.pdf)
>  Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by a newly discovered coronavirus. The disease presents with symptoms such as shortness of breath, fever, dry cough, and chronic fatigue, amongst others. Sometimes the symptoms of the disease increase so much they lead to the death of the patients. The disease may be asymptomatic in some patients in the early stages, which can lead to increased transmission of the disease to others. Many studies have tried to use medical imaging for early diagnosis of COVID-19. This study attempts to review papers on automatic methods for medical image analysis and diagnosis of COVID-19. For this purpose, PubMed, Google Scholar, arXiv and medRxiv were searched to find related studies by the end of April 2020, and the essential points of the collected studies were summarised. The contribution of this study is four-fold: 1) to use as a tutorial of the field for both clinicians and technologists, 2) to comprehensively review the characteristics of COVID-19 as presented in medical images, 3) to examine automated artificial intelligence-based approaches for COVID-19 diagnosis based on the accuracy and the method used, 4) to express the research limitations in this field and the methods used to overcome them. COVID-19 reveals signs in medical images can be used for early diagnosis of the disease even in asymptomatic patients. Using automated machine learning-based methods can diagnose the disease with high accuracy from medical images and reduce time, cost and error of diagnostic procedure. It is recommended to collect bulk imaging data from patients in the shortest possible time to improve the performance of COVID-19 automated diagnostic methods.      
### 69.i-DenseNets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02125.pdf)
>  We introduce Invertible Dense Networks (i-DenseNets), a more parameter efficient alternative to Residual Flows. The method relies on an analysis of the Lipschitz continuity of the concatenation in DenseNets, where we enforce the invertibility of the network by satisfying the Lipschitz constraint. Additionally, we extend this method by proposing a learnable concatenation, which not only improves the model performance but also indicates the importance of the concatenated representation. We demonstrate the performance of i-DenseNets and Residual Flows on toy, MNIST, and CIFAR10 data. Both i-DenseNets outperform Residual Flows evaluated in negative log-likelihood, on all considered datasets under an equal parameter budget.      
### 70.Automatic Deep Learning System for COVID-19 Infection Quantification in chest CT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01982.pdf)
>  Coronavirus Disease spread globally and infected millions of people quickly, causing high pressure on the health-system facilities. PCR screening is the adopted diagnostic testing method for COVID-19 detection. However, PCR is criticized due its low sensitivity ratios, also, it is time-consuming and manual complicated process. CT imaging proved its ability to detect the disease even for asymptotic patients, which make it a trustworthy alternative for PCR. In addition, the appearance of COVID-19 infections in CT slices, offers high potential to support in disease evolution monitoring using automated infection segmentation methods. However, COVID-19 infection areas include high variations in term of size, shape, contrast and intensity homogeneity, which impose a big challenge on segmentation process. To address these challenges, this paper proposed an automatic deep learning system for COVID-19 infection areas segmentation. The system include different steps to enhance and improve infection areas appearance in the CT slices so they can be learned efficiently using the deep network. The system start prepare the region of interest by segmenting the lung organ, which then undergo edge enhancing diffusion filtering (EED) to improve the infection areas contrast and intensity homogeneity. The proposed FCN is implemented using U-net architecture with modified residual block with concatenation skip connection. The block improves the learning of gradient values by forwarding the infection area features through the network. To demonstrate the generalization and effectiveness of the proposed system, it is trained and tested using many 2D CT slices extracted from diverse datasets from different sources. The proposed system is evaluated using different measures and achieved dice overlapping score of 0.961 and 0.780 for lung and infection areas segmentation, respectively.      
### 71.Machine Learning and Computer Vision Techniques to Predict Thermal Properties of Particulate Composites  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01968.pdf)
>  Accurate thermal analysis of composites and porous media requires detailed characterization of local thermal properties in small scale. For some important applications such as lithium-ion batteries, changes in the properties during the operation makes the analysis even more challenging, necessitating a rapid characterization. We propose a new method to characterize the thermal properties of particulate composites based on actual micro-images. Our computer-vision-based approach constructs 3D images from stacks of 2D SEM images and then extracts several representative elemental volumes (REVs) from the reconstructed images at random places, which leads to having a range of geometrical features for different REVs. A deep learning algorithm is designed based on convolutional neural nets to take the shape of the geometry and result in the effective conductivity of the REV. The training of the network is performed in two methods: First, based on implementing a coarser grid that uses the average values of conductivities from the fine grid and the resulted effective conductivity from the DNS solution of the fine grid. The other method uses conductivity values on cross sections from each REV in different directions. The results of training based on averaging show that using a coarser grid in the network does not have a meaningful effect on the network error; however, it decreases the training time up to three orders of magnitude. We showed that one general network can make accurate predictions using different types of electrode images, representing the difference in the geometry and constituents. Moreover, training based on averaging is more accurate than training based on cross sections. The study of the robustness of implementing a machine learning technique in predicting the thermal percolation shows the prediction error is almost half of the error from predictions based on the volume fraction.      
### 72.A Comparative Study of Existing and New Deep Learning Methods for Detecting Knee Injuries using the MRNet Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01947.pdf)
>  This work presents a comparative study of existing and new techniques to detect knee injuries by leveraging Stanford's MRNet Dataset. All approaches are based on deep learning and we explore the comparative performances of transfer learning and a deep residual network trained from scratch. We also exploit some characteristics of Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) data by, for example, using a fixed number of slices or 2D images from each of the axial, coronal and sagittal planes as well as combining the three planes into one multi-plane network. Overall we achieved a performance of 93.4% AUC on the validation data by using the more recent deep learning architectures and data augmentation strategies. More flexible architectures are also proposed that might help with the development and training of models that process MRIs. We found that transfer learning and a carefully tuned data augmentation strategy were the crucial factors in determining best performance.      
### 73.Unsupervised Region-based Anomaly Detection in Brain MRI with Adversarial Image Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01942.pdf)
>  Medical segmentation is performed to determine the bounds of regions of interest (ROI) prior to surgery. By allowing the study of growth, structure, and behaviour of the ROI in the planning phase, critical information can be obtained, increasing the likelihood of a successful operation. Usually, segmentations are performed manually or via machine learning methods trained on manual annotations. In contrast, this paper proposes a fully automatic, unsupervised inpainting-based brain tumour segmentation system for T1-weighted MRI. First, a deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) is trained to reconstruct missing healthy brain regions. Then, upon application, anomalous regions are determined by identifying areas of highest reconstruction loss. Finally, superpixel segmentation is performed to segment those regions. We show the proposed system is able to segment various sized and abstract tumours and achieves a mean and standard deviation Dice score of 0.771 and 0.176, respectively.      
### 74.Test-time Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01926.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks trained on publicly available medical imaging datasets (source domain) rarely generalise to different scanners or acquisition protocols (target domain). This motivates the active field of domain adaptation. While some approaches to the problem require labeled data from the target domain, others adopt an unsupervised approach to domain adaptation (UDA). Evaluating UDA methods consists of measuring the model's ability to generalise to unseen data in the target domain. In this work, we argue that this is not as useful as adapting to the test set directly. We therefore propose an evaluation framework where we perform test-time UDA on each subject separately. We show that models adapted to a specific target subject from the target domain outperform a domain adaptation method which has seen more data of the target domain but not this specific target subject. This result supports the thesis that unsupervised domain adaptation should be used at test-time, even if only using a single target-domain subject      
### 75.Quantifying Statistical Significance of Neural Network Representation-Driven Hypotheses by Selective Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01823.pdf)
>  In the past few years, various approaches have been developed to explain and interpret deep neural network (DNN) representations, but it has been pointed out that these representations are sometimes unstable and not reproducible. In this paper, we interpret these representations as hypotheses driven by DNN (called DNN-driven hypotheses) and propose a method to quantify the reliability of these hypotheses in statistical hypothesis testing framework. To this end, we introduce Selective Inference (SI) framework, which has received much attention in the past few years as a new statistical inference framework for data-driven hypotheses. The basic idea of SI is to make conditional inferences on the selected hypotheses under the condition that they are selected. In order to use SI framework for DNN representations, we develop a new SI algorithm based on homotopy method which enables us to derive the exact (non-asymptotic) conditional sampling distribution of the DNN-driven hypotheses. We conduct experiments on both synthetic and real-world datasets, through which we offer evidence that our proposed method can successfully control the false positive rate, has decent performance in terms of computational efficiency, and provides good results in practical applications.      
### 76.DCT-SNN: Using DCT to Distribute Spatial Information over Time for Learning Low-Latency Spiking Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01795.pdf)
>  Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs) offer a promising alternative to traditional deep learning frameworks, since they provide higher computational efficiency due to event-driven information processing. SNNs distribute the analog values of pixel intensities into binary spikes over time. However, the most widely used input coding schemes, such as Poisson based rate-coding, do not leverage the additional temporal learning capability of SNNs effectively. Moreover, these SNNs suffer from high inference latency which is a major bottleneck to their deployment. To overcome this, we propose a scalable time-based encoding scheme that utilizes the Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT) to reduce the number of timesteps required for inference. DCT decomposes an image into a weighted sum of sinusoidal basis images. At each time step, the Hadamard product of the DCT coefficients and a single frequency base, taken in order, is given to an accumulator that generates spikes upon crossing a threshold. We use the proposed scheme to learn DCT-SNN, a low-latency deep SNN with leaky-integrate-and-fire neurons, trained using surrogate gradient descent based backpropagation. We achieve top-1 accuracy of 89.94%, 68.3% and 52.43% on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and TinyImageNet, respectively using VGG architectures. Notably, DCT-SNN performs inference with 2-14X reduced latency compared to other state-of-the-art SNNs, while achieving comparable accuracy to their standard deep learning counterparts. The dimension of the transform allows us to control the number of timesteps required for inference. Additionally, we can trade-off accuracy with latency in a principled manner by dropping the highest frequency components during inference.      
### 77.Towards Generalized and Distributed Privacy-Preserving Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01792.pdf)
>  We study the problem of learning data representations that are private yet informative, i.e., providing information about intended "ally" targets while obfuscating sensitive "adversary" attributes. We propose a novel framework, Exclusion-Inclusion Generative Adversarial Network (EIGAN), that generalizes existing adversarial privacy-preserving representation learning (PPRL) approaches to generate data encodings that account for multiple possibly overlapping ally and adversary targets. Preserving privacy is even more difficult when the data is collected across multiple distributed nodes, which for privacy reasons may not wish to share their data even for PPRL training. Thus, learning such data representations at each node in a distributed manner (i.e., without transmitting source data) is of particular importance. This motivates us to develop D-EIGAN, the first distributed PPRL method, based on federated learning with fractional parameter sharing to account for communication resource limitations. We theoretically analyze the behavior of adversaries under the optimal EIGAN and D-EIGAN encoders and consider the impact of dependencies among ally and adversary tasks on the encoder performance. Our experiments on real-world and synthetic datasets demonstrate the advantages of EIGAN encodings in terms of accuracy, robustness, and scalability; in particular, we show that EIGAN outperforms the previous state-of-the-art by a significant accuracy margin (47% improvement). The experiments further reveal that D-EIGAN's performance is consistent with EIGAN under different node data distributions and is resilient to communication constraints.      
### 78.Photon-Driven Neural Path Guiding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01775.pdf)
>  Although Monte Carlo path tracing is a simple and effective algorithm to synthesize photo-realistic images, it is often very slow to converge to noise-free results when involving complex global illumination. One of the most successful variance-reduction techniques is path guiding, which can learn better distributions for importance sampling to reduce pixel noise. However, previous methods require a large number of path samples to achieve reliable path guiding. We present a novel neural path guiding approach that can reconstruct high-quality sampling distributions for path guiding from a sparse set of samples, using an offline trained neural network. We leverage photons traced from light sources as the input for sampling density reconstruction, which is highly effective for challenging scenes with strong global illumination. To fully make use of our deep neural network, we partition the scene space into an adaptive hierarchical grid, in which we apply our network to reconstruct high-quality sampling distributions for any local region in the scene. This allows for highly efficient path guiding for any path bounce at any location in path tracing. We demonstrate that our photon-driven neural path guiding method can generalize well on diverse challenging testing scenes that are not seen in training. Our approach achieves significantly better rendering results of testing scenes than previous state-of-the-art path guiding methods.      
### 79.OLALA: Object-Level Active Learning Based Layout Annotation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01762.pdf)
>  In layout object detection problems, the ground-truth datasets are constructed by annotating object instances individually. Yet active learning for object detection is typically conducted at the image level, not at the object level. Because objects appear with different frequencies across images, image-level active learning may be subject to over-exposure to common objects. This reduces the efficiency of human labeling. This work introduces an Object-Level Active Learning based Layout Annotation framework, OLALA, which includes an object scoring method and a prediction correction algorithm. The object scoring method estimates the object prediction informativeness considering both the object category and the location. It selects only the most ambiguous object prediction regions within an image for users to label, optimizing the use of the annotation budget. For the unselected model predictions, we propose a correction algorithm to rectify two types of possible errors with minor supervision from ground-truths. The human annotated and model predicted objects are then merged as new image annotations for training the object detection models. In simulated labeling experiments, we show that OLALA helps to create the dataset more efficiently and report strong accuracy improvements of the trained models compared to image-level active learning baselines. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lolipopshock/Detectron2_AL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 80.Learning Manifold Implicitly via Explicit Heat-Kernel Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01761.pdf)
>  Manifold learning is a fundamental problem in machine learning with numerous applications. Most of the existing methods directly learn the low-dimensional embedding of the data in some high-dimensional space, and usually lack the flexibility of being directly applicable to down-stream applications. In this paper, we propose the concept of implicit manifold learning, where manifold information is implicitly obtained by learning the associated heat kernel. A heat kernel is the solution of the corresponding heat equation, which describes how "heat" transfers on the manifold, thus containing ample geometric information of the manifold. We provide both practical algorithm and theoretical analysis of our framework. The learned heat kernel can be applied to various kernel-based machine learning models, including deep generative models (DGM) for data generation and Stein Variational Gradient Descent for Bayesian inference. Extensive experiments show that our framework can achieve state-of-the-art results compared to existing methods for the two tasks.      
### 81.Lipschitz Bounded Equilibrium Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01732.pdf)
>  This paper introduces new parameterizations of equilibrium neural networks, i.e. networks defined by implicit equations. This model class includes standard multilayer and residual networks as special cases. The new parameterization admits a Lipschitz bound during training via unconstrained optimization: no projections or barrier functions are required. Lipschitz bounds are a common proxy for robustness and appear in many generalization bounds. Furthermore, compared to previous works we show well-posedness (existence of solutions) under less restrictive conditions on the network weights and more natural assumptions on the activation functions: that they are monotone and slope restricted. These results are proved by establishing novel connections with convex optimization, operator splitting on non-Euclidean spaces, and contracting neural ODEs. In image classification experiments we show that the Lipschitz bounds are very accurate and improve robustness to adversarial attacks.      
### 82.Surface Agnostic Metrics for Cortical Volume Segmentation and Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01669.pdf)
>  The cerebral cortex performs higher-order brain functions and is thus implicated in a range of cognitive disorders. Current analysis of cortical variation is typically performed by fitting surface mesh models to inner and outer cortical boundaries and investigating metrics such as surface area and cortical curvature or thickness. These, however, take a long time to run, and are sensitive to motion and image and surface resolution, which can prohibit their use in clinical settings. In this paper, we instead propose a machine learning solution, training a novel architecture to predict cortical thickness and curvature metrics from T2 MRI images, while additionally returning metrics of prediction uncertainty. Our proposed model is tested on a clinical cohort (Down Syndrome) for which surface-based modelling often fails. Results suggest that deep convolutional neural networks are a viable option to predict cortical metrics across a range of brain development stages and pathologies.      
### 83.KiU-Net: Overcomplete Convolutional Architectures for Biomedical Image and Volumetric Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01663.pdf)
>  Most methods for medical image segmentation use U-Net or its variants as they have been successful in most of the applications. After a detailed analysis of these "traditional" encoder-decoder based approaches, we observed that they perform poorly in detecting smaller structures and are unable to segment boundary regions precisely. This issue can be attributed to the increase in receptive field size as we go deeper into the encoder. The extra focus on learning high level features causes the U-Net based approaches to learn less information about low-level features which are crucial for detecting small structures. To overcome this issue, we propose using an overcomplete convolutional architecture where we project our input image into a higher dimension such that we constrain the receptive field from increasing in the deep layers of the network. We design a new architecture for image segmentation- KiU-Net which has two branches: (1) an overcomplete convolutional network Kite-Net which learns to capture fine details and accurate edges of the input, and (2) U-Net which learns high level features. Furthermore, we also propose KiU-Net 3D which is a 3D convolutional architecture for volumetric segmentation. We perform a detailed study of KiU-Net by performing experiments on five different datasets covering various image modalities like ultrasound (US), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), computed tomography (CT), microscopic and fundus images. The proposed method achieves a better performance as compared to all the recent methods with an additional benefit of fewer parameters and faster convergence. Additionally, we also demonstrate that the extensions of KiU-Net based on residual blocks and dense blocks result in further performance improvements. The implementation of KiU-Net can be found here: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jeya-maria-jose/KiU-Net-pytorch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 84.AFN: Attentional Feedback Network based 3D Terrain Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01626.pdf)
>  Terrain, representing features of an earth surface, plays a crucial role in many applications such as simulations, route planning, analysis of surface dynamics, computer graphics-based games, entertainment, films, to name a few. With recent advancements in digital technology, these applications demand the presence of high-resolution details in the terrain. In this paper, we propose a novel fully convolutional neural network-based super-resolution architecture to increase the resolution of low-resolution Digital Elevation Model (LRDEM) with the help of information extracted from the corresponding aerial image as a complementary modality. We perform the super-resolution of LRDEM using an attention-based feedback mechanism named 'Attentional Feedback Network' (AFN), which selectively fuses the information from LRDEM and aerial image to enhance and infuse the high-frequency features and to produce the terrain realistically. We compare the proposed architecture with existing state-of-the-art DEM super-resolution methods and show that the proposed architecture outperforms enhancing the resolution of input LRDEM accurately and in a realistic manner.      
### 85.AIFNet: Automatic Vascular Function Estimation for Perfusion Analysis Using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01617.pdf)
>  Perfusion imaging is crucial in acute ischemic stroke for quantifying the salvageable penumbra and irreversibly damaged core lesions. As such, it helps clinicians to decide on the optimal reperfusion treatment. In perfusion CT imaging, deconvolution methods are used to obtain clinically interpretable perfusion parameters that allow identifying brain tissue abnormalities. Deconvolution methods require the selection of two reference vascular functions as inputs to the model: the arterial input function (AIF) and the venous output function, with the AIF as the most critical model input. When manually performed, the vascular function selection is time demanding, suffers from poor reproducibility and is subject to the professionals' experience. This leads to potentially unreliable quantification of the penumbra and core lesions and, hence, might harm the treatment decision process. In this work we automatize the perfusion analysis with AIFNet, a fully automatic and end-to-end trainable deep learning approach for estimating the vascular functions. Unlike previous methods using clustering or segmentation techniques to select vascular voxels, AIFNet is directly optimized at the vascular function estimation, which allows to better recognise the time-curve profiles. Validation on the public ISLES18 stroke database shows that AIFNet reaches inter-rater performance for the vascular function estimation and, subsequently, for the parameter maps and core lesion quantification obtained through deconvolution. We conclude that AIFNet has potential for clinical transfer and could be incorporated in perfusion deconvolution software.      
### 86.Collaborative Tracking and Capture of Aerial Object using UAVs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01588.pdf)
>  This work details the problem of aerial target capture using multiple UAVs. This problem is motivated from the challenge 1 of Mohammed Bin Zayed International Robotic Challenge 2020. The UAVs utilise visual feedback to autonomously detect target, approach it and capture without disturbing the vehicle which carries the target. Multi-UAV collaboration improves the efficiency of the system and increases the chance of capturing the ball robustly in short span of time. In this paper, the proposed architecture is validated through simulation in ROS-Gazebo environment and is further implemented on hardware.      
### 87.Facial gesture interfaces for expression and communication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01567.pdf)
>  Considerable effort has been devoted to the automatic extraction of information about action of the face from image sequences. Within the context of human-computer interaction (HCI) we may distinguish systems that allow expression from those which aim at recognition. Most of the work in facial action processing has been directed at automatically recognizing affect from facial actions. By contrast, facial gesture interfaces, which respond to deliberate facial actions, have received comparatively little attention. This paper reviews several projects on vision-based interfaces that rely on facial action for intentional HCI. Applications to several domains are introduced, including text entry, artistic and musical expression and assistive technology for motor-impaired users.      
### 88.Towards Cross-modality Medical Image Segmentation with Online Mutual Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01532.pdf)
>  The success of deep convolutional neural networks is partially attributed to the massive amount of annotated training data. However, in practice, medical data annotations are usually expensive and time-consuming to be obtained. Considering multi-modality data with the same anatomic structures are widely available in clinic routine, in this paper, we aim to exploit the prior knowledge (e.g., shape priors) learned from one modality (aka., assistant modality) to improve the segmentation performance on another modality (aka., target modality) to make up annotation scarcity. To alleviate the learning difficulties caused by modality-specific appearance discrepancy, we first present an Image Alignment Module (IAM) to narrow the appearance gap between assistant and target modality data.We then propose a novel Mutual Knowledge Distillation (MKD) scheme to thoroughly exploit the modality-shared knowledge to facilitate the target-modality segmentation. To be specific, we formulate our framework as an integration of two individual segmentors. Each segmentor not only explicitly extracts one modality knowledge from corresponding annotations, but also implicitly explores another modality knowledge from its counterpart in mutual-guided manner. The ensemble of two segmentors would further integrate the knowledge from both modalities and generate reliable segmentation results on target modality. Experimental results on the public multi-class cardiac segmentation data, i.e., MMWHS 2017, show that our method achieves large improvements on CT segmentation by utilizing additional MRI data and outperforms other state-of-the-art multi-modality learning methods.      
### 89.Async-RED: A Provably Convergent Asynchronous Block Parallel Stochastic Method using Deep Denoising Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01446.pdf)
>  Regularization by denoising (RED) is a recently developed framework for solving inverse problems by integrating advanced denoisers as image priors. Recent work has shown its state-of-the-art performance when combined with pre-trained deep denoisers. However, current RED algorithms are inadequate for parallel processing on multicore systems. We address this issue by proposing a new asynchronous RED (ASYNC-RED) algorithm that enables asynchronous parallel processing of data, making it significantly faster than its serial counterparts for large-scale inverse problems. The computational complexity of ASYNC-RED is further reduced by using a random subset of measurements at every iteration. We present complete theoretical analysis of the algorithm by establishing its convergence under explicit assumptions on the data-fidelity and the denoiser. We validate ASYNC-RED on image recovery using pre-trained deep denoisers as priors.      
### 90.autoTICI: Automatic Brain Tissue Reperfusion Scoring on 2D DSA Images of Acute Ischemic Stroke Patients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01432.pdf)
>  The Thrombolysis in Cerebral Infarction (TICI) score is an important metric for reperfusion therapy assessment in acute ischemic stroke. It is commonly used as a technical outcome measure after endovascular treatment (EVT). Existing TICI scores are defined in coarse ordinal grades based on visual inspection, leading to inter- and intra-observer variation. In this work, we present autoTICI, an automatic and quantitative TICI scoring method. First, each digital subtraction angiography (DSA) sequence is separated into four phases (non-contrast, arterial, parenchymal and venous phase) using a multi-path convolutional neural network (CNN), which exploits spatio-temporal features. The network also incorporates sequence level label dependencies in the form of a state-transition matrix. Next, a minimum intensity map (MINIP) is computed using the motion corrected arterial and parenchymal frames. On the MINIP image, vessel, perfusion and background pixels are segmented. Finally, we quantify the autoTICI score as the ratio of reperfused pixels after EVT. On a routinely acquired multi-center dataset, the proposed autoTICI shows good correlation with the extended TICI (eTICI) reference with an average area under the curve (AUC) score of 0.81. The AUC score is 0.90 with respect to the dichotomized eTICI. In terms of clinical outcome prediction, we demonstrate that autoTICI is overall comparable to eTICI.      
### 91.Unsupervised Monocular Depth Estimation for Night-time Images using Adversarial Domain Feature Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01402.pdf)
>  In this paper, we look into the problem of estimating per-pixel depth maps from unconstrained RGB monocular night-time images which is a difficult task that has not been addressed adequately in the literature. The state-of-the-art day-time depth estimation methods fail miserably when tested with night-time images due to a large domain shift between them. The usual photo metric losses used for training these networks may not work for night-time images due to the absence of uniform lighting which is commonly present in day-time images, making it a difficult problem to solve. We propose to solve this problem by posing it as a domain adaptation problem where a network trained with day-time images is adapted to work for night-time images. Specifically, an encoder is trained to generate features from night-time images that are indistinguishable from those obtained from day-time images by using a PatchGAN-based adversarial discriminative learning method. Unlike the existing methods that directly adapt depth prediction (network output), we propose to adapt feature maps obtained from the encoder network so that a pre-trained day-time depth decoder can be directly used for predicting depth from these adapted features. Hence, the resulting method is termed as "Adversarial Domain Feature Adaptation (ADFA)" and its efficacy is demonstrated through experimentation on the challenging Oxford night driving dataset. Also, The modular encoder-decoder architecture for the proposed ADFA method allows us to use the encoder module as a feature extractor which can be used in many other applications. One such application is demonstrated where the features obtained from our adapted encoder network are shown to outperform other state-of-the-art methods in a visual place recognition problem, thereby, further establishing the usefulness and effectiveness of the proposed approach.      
### 92.COVID-19 Classification of X-ray Images Using Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01362.pdf)
>  In the midst of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) outbreak, chest X-ray (CXR) imaging is playing an important role in the diagnosis and monitoring of patients with COVID-19. Machine learning solutions have been shown to be useful for X-ray analysis and classification in a range of medical contexts. The purpose of this study is to create and evaluate a machine learning model for diagnosis of COVID-19, and to provide a tool for searching for similar patients according to their X-ray scans. In this retrospective study, a classifier was built using a pre-trained deep learning model (ReNet50) and enhanced by data augmentation and lung segmentation to detect COVID-19 in frontal CXR images collected between January 2018 and July 2020 in four hospitals in Israel. A nearest-neighbors algorithm was implemented based on the network results that identifies the images most similar to a given image. The model was evaluated using accuracy, sensitivity, area under the curve (AUC) of receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve and of the precision-recall (P-R) curve. The dataset sourced for this study includes 2362 CXRs, balanced for positive and negative COVID-19, from 1384 patients (63 +/- 18 years, 552 men). Our model achieved 89.7% (314/350) accuracy and 87.1% (156/179) sensitivity in classification of COVID-19 on a test dataset comprising 15% (350 of 2326) of the original data, with AUC of ROC 0.95 and AUC of the P-R curve 0.94. For each image we retrieve images with the most similar DNN-based image embeddings; these can be used to compare with previous cases.      
### 93.WeMix: How to Better Utilize Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01267.pdf)
>  Data augmentation is a widely used training trick in deep learning to improve the network generalization ability. Despite many encouraging results, several recent studies did point out limitations of the conventional data augmentation scheme in certain scenarios, calling for a better theoretical understanding of data augmentation. In this work, we develop a comprehensive analysis that reveals pros and cons of data augmentation. The main limitation of data augmentation arises from the data bias, i.e. the augmented data distribution can be quite different from the original one. This data bias leads to a suboptimal performance of existing data augmentation methods. To this end, we develop two novel algorithms, termed "AugDrop" and "MixLoss", to correct the data bias in the data augmentation. Our theoretical analysis shows that both algorithms are guaranteed to improve the effect of data augmentation through the bias correction, which is further validated by our empirical studies. Finally, we propose a generic algorithm "WeMix" by combining AugDrop and MixLoss, whose effectiveness is observed from extensive empirical evaluations.      
### 94.CorrAttack: Black-box Adversarial Attack with Structured Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01250.pdf)
>  We present a new method for score-based adversarial attack, where the attacker queries the loss-oracle of the target model. Our method employs a parameterized search space with a structure that captures the relationship of the gradient of the loss function. We show that searching over the structured space can be approximated by a time-varying contextual bandits problem, where the attacker takes feature of the associated arm to make modifications of the input, and receives an immediate reward as the reduction of the loss function. The time-varying contextual bandits problem can then be solved by a Bayesian optimization procedure, which can take advantage of the features of the structured action space. The experiments on ImageNet and the Google Cloud Vision API demonstrate that the proposed method achieves the state of the art success rates and query efficiencies for both undefended and defended models.      
### 95.Deep Expectation-Maximization for Semi-Supervised Lung Cancer Screening  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.01173.pdf)
>  We present a semi-supervised algorithm for lung cancer screening in which a 3D Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is trained using the Expectation-Maximization (EM) meta-algorithm. Semi-supervised learning allows a smaller labelled data-set to be combined with an unlabeled data-set in order to provide a larger and more diverse training sample. EM allows the algorithm to simultaneously calculate a maximum likelihood estimate of the CNN training coefficients along with the labels for the unlabeled training set which are defined as a latent variable space. We evaluate the model performance of the Semi-Supervised EM algorithm for CNNs through cross-domain training of the Kaggle Data Science Bowl 2017 (Kaggle17) data-set with the National Lung Screening Trial (NLST) data-set. Our results show that the Semi-Supervised EM algorithm greatly improves the classification accuracy of the cross-domain lung cancer screening, although results are lower than a fully supervised approach with the advantage of additional labelled data from the unsupervised sample. As such, we demonstrate that Semi-Supervised EM is a valuable technique to improve the accuracy of lung cancer screening models using 3D CNNs.      
