# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 7 Oct 2020
### 1.SAFENet: Self-Supervised Monocular Depth Estimation with Semantic-Aware Feature Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02893.pdf)
>  Self-supervised monocular depth estimation has emerged as a promising method because it does not require groundtruth depth maps during training. As an alternative for the groundtruth depth map, the photometric loss enables to provide self-supervision on depth prediction by matching the input image frames. However, the photometric loss causes various problems, resulting in less accurate depth values compared with supervised approaches. In this paper, we propose SAFENet that is designed to leverage semantic information to overcome the limitations of the photometric loss. Our key idea is to exploit semantic-aware depth features that integrate the semantic and geometric knowledge. Therefore, we introduce multi-task learning schemes to incorporate semantic-awareness into the representation of depth features. Experiments on KITTI dataset demonstrate that our methods compete or even outperform the state-of-the-art methods. Furthermore, extensive experiments on different datasets show its better generalization ability and robustness to various conditions, such as low-light or adverse weather.      
### 2.CORE: Color Regression for Multiple Colors Fashion Garments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02849.pdf)
>  Among all fashion attributes, color is challenging to detect due to its subjective perception. Existing classification approaches can not go beyond the predefined list of discrete color names. In this paper, we argue that color detection is a regression problem. Thus, we propose a new architecture, based on attention modules and in two-stages. The first stage corrects the image illumination while detecting the main discrete color name. The second stage combines a colorname-attention (dependent of the detected color) with an object-attention (dependent of the clothing category) and finally weights a spatial pooling over the image pixels' RGB values. We further expand our work for multiple colors garments. We collect a dataset where each fashion item is labeled with a continuous color palette: we empirically show the benefits of our approach.      
### 3.Support-set bottlenecks for video-text representation learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02824.pdf)
>  The dominant paradigm for learning video-text representations -- noise contrastive learning -- increases the similarity of the representations of pairs of samples that are known to be related, such as text and video from the same sample, and pushes away the representations of all other pairs. We posit that this last behaviour is too strict, enforcing dissimilar representations even for samples that are semantically-related -- for example, visually similar videos or ones that share the same depicted action. In this paper, we propose a novel method that alleviates this by leveraging a generative model to naturally push these related samples together: each sample's caption must be reconstructed as a weighted combination of other support samples' visual representations. This simple idea ensures that representations are not overly-specialized to individual samples, are reusable across the dataset, and results in representations that explicitly encode semantics shared between samples, unlike noise contrastive learning. Our proposed method outperforms others by a large margin on MSR-VTT, VATEX and ActivityNet, for video-to-text and text-to-video retrieval.      
### 4.Microscopic fine-grained instance classification through deep attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02818.pdf)
>  Fine-grained classification of microscopic image data with limited samples is an open problem in computer vision and biomedical imaging. Deep learning based vision systems mostly deal with high number of low-resolution images, whereas subtle detail in biomedical images require higher resolution. To bridge this gap, we propose a simple yet effective deep network that performs two tasks simultaneously in an end-to-end manner. First, it utilises a gated attention module that can focus on multiple key instances at high resolution without extra annotations or region proposals. Second, the global structural features and local instance features are fused for final image level classification. The result is a robust but lightweight end-to-end trainable deep network that yields state-of-the-art results in two separate fine-grained multi-instance biomedical image classification tasks: a benchmark breast cancer histology dataset and our new fungi species mycology dataset. In addition, we demonstrate the interpretability of the proposed model by visualising the concordance of the learned features with clinically relevant features.      
### 5.Representation learning from videos in-the-wild: An object-centric approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02808.pdf)
>  We propose a method to learn image representations from uncurated videos. We combine a supervised loss from off-the-shelf object detectors and self-supervised losses which naturally arise from the video-shot-frame-object hierarchy present in each video. We report competitive results on 19 transfer learning tasks of the Visual Task Adaptation Benchmark (VTAB), and on 8 out-of-distribution-generalization tasks, and discuss the benefits and shortcomings of the proposed approach. In particular, it improves over the baseline on all 18/19 few-shot learning tasks and 8/8 out-of-distribution generalization tasks. Finally, we perform several ablation studies and analyze the impact of the pretrained object detector on the performance across this suite of tasks.      
### 6.Compressing Deep Convolutional Neural Networks by Stacking Low-dimensional Binary Convolution Filters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02778.pdf)
>  Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) have been successfully applied to many real-life problems. However, the huge memory cost of deep CNN models poses a great challenge of deploying them on memory-constrained devices (e.g., mobile phones). One popular way to reduce the memory cost of deep CNN model is to train binary CNN where the weights in convolution filters are either 1 or -1 and therefore each weight can be efficiently stored using a single bit. However, the compression ratio of existing binary CNN models is upper bounded by around 32. To address this limitation, we propose a novel method to compress deep CNN model by stacking low-dimensional binary convolution filters. Our proposed method approximates a standard convolution filter by selecting and stacking filters from a set of low-dimensional binary convolution filters. This set of low-dimensional binary convolution filters is shared across all filters for a given convolution layer. Therefore, our method will achieve much larger compression ratio than binary CNN models. In order to train our proposed model, we have theoretically shown that our proposed model is equivalent to select and stack intermediate feature maps generated by low-dimensional binary filters. Therefore, our proposed model can be efficiently trained using the split-transform-merge strategy. We also provide detailed analysis of the memory and computation cost of our model in model inference. We compared the proposed method with other five popular model compression techniques on two benchmark datasets. Our experimental results have demonstrated that our proposed method achieves much higher compression ratio than existing methods while maintains comparable accuracy.      
### 7.High Speed Event Camera TRacking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02771.pdf)
>  Event cameras are bioinspired sensors with reaction times in the order of microseconds. This property makes them appealing for use in highly-dynamic computer vision applications. In this work,we explore the limits of this sensing technology and present an ultra-fast tracking algorithm able to estimate six-degree-of-freedom motion with dynamics over 25.8 g, at a throughput of 10 kHz,processing over a million events per second. Our method is capable of tracking either camera motion or the motion of an object in front of it, using an error-state Kalman filter formulated in a Lie-theoretic sense. The method includes a robust mechanism for the matching of events with projected line segments with very fast outlier rejection. Meticulous treatment of sparse matrices is applied to achieve real-time performance. Different motion models of varying complexity are considered for the sake of comparison and performance analysis      
### 8.Characterization of surface motion patterns in highly deformable soft tissue organs from dynamic Magnetic Resonance Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02746.pdf)
>  In this work, we present a pipeline for characterization of bladder surface dynamics during deep respiratory movements from dynamic Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI). Dynamic MRI may capture temporal anatomical changes in soft tissue organs with high-contrast but the obtained sequences usually suffer from limited volume coverage which makes the high resolution reconstruction of organ shape trajectories a major challenge in temporal studies. For a compact shape representation, the reconstructed temporal data with full volume coverage are first used to establish a subject-specific dynamical 4D mesh sequences using the large deformation diffeomorphic metric mapping (LDDMM) framework. Then, we performed a statistical characterization of organ shape changes from mechanical parameters such as mesh elongations and distortions. Since shape space is curved, we have also used the intrinsic curvature changes as metric to quantify surface evolution. However, the numerical computation of curvature is strongly dependant on the surface parameterization (i.e. the mesh resolution). To cope with this dependency, we propose a non-parametric level set method to evaluate spatio-temporal surface evolution. Independent of parameterization and minimizing the length of the geodesic curves, it shrinks smoothly the surface curves towards a sphere by minimizing a Dirichlet energy. An Eulerian PDE approach is used for evaluation of surface dynamics from the curve-shortening flow. Results demonstrate the numerical stability of the derived descriptor throughout smooth continuous-time organ trajectories. Intercorrelations between individuals' motion patterns from different geometric features are computed using the Laplace-Beltrami Operator (LBO) eigenfunctions for spherical mapping.      
### 9.Assisted Probe Positioning for Ultrasound Guided Radiotherapy Using Image Sequence Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02732.pdf)
>  Effective transperineal ultrasound image guidance in prostate external beam radiotherapy requires consistent alignment between probe and prostate at each session during patient set-up. Probe placement and ultrasound image inter-pretation are manual tasks contingent upon operator skill, leading to interoperator uncertainties that degrade radiotherapy precision. We demonstrate a method for ensuring accurate probe placement through joint classification of images and probe position data. Using a multi-input multi-task algorithm, spatial coordinate data from an optically tracked ultrasound probe is combined with an image clas-sifier using a recurrent neural network to generate two sets of predictions in real-time. The first set identifies relevant prostate anatomy visible in the field of view using the classes: outside prostate, prostate periphery, prostate centre. The second set recommends a probe angular adjustment to achieve alignment between the probe and prostate centre with the classes: move left, move right, stop. The algo-rithm was trained and tested on 9,743 clinical images from 61 treatment sessions across 32 patients. We evaluated classification accuracy against class labels de-rived from three experienced observers at 2/3 and 3/3 agreement thresholds. For images with unanimous consensus between observers, anatomical classification accuracy was 97.2% and probe adjustment accuracy was 94.9%. The algorithm identified optimal probe alignment within a mean (standard deviation) range of 3.7$^{\circ}$ (1.2$^{\circ}$) from angle labels with full observer consensus, comparable to the 2.8$^{\circ}$ (2.6$^{\circ}$) mean interobserver range. We propose such an algorithm could assist ra-diotherapy practitioners with limited experience of ultrasound image interpreta-tion by providing effective real-time feedback during patient set-up.      
### 10.Vec2Instance: Parameterization for Deep Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02725.pdf)
>  Current advances in deep learning is leading to human-level accuracy in computer vision tasks such as object classification, localization, semantic segmentation, and instance segmentation. In this paper, we describe a new deep convolutional neural network architecture called Vec2Instance for instance segmentation. Vec2Instance provides a framework for parametrization of instances, allowing convolutional neural networks to efficiently estimate the complex shapes of instances around their centroids. We demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed architecture with respect to instance segmentation tasks on satellite images, which have a wide range of applications. Moreover, we demonstrate the usefulness of the new method for extracting building foot-prints from satellite images. Total pixel-wise accuracy of our approach is 89\%, near the accuracy of the state-of-the-art Mask RCNN (91\%). Vec2Instance is an alternative approach to complex instance segmentation pipelines, offering simplicity and intuitiveness. The code developed under this study is available in the Vec2Instance GitHub repository, <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lakmalnd/Vec2Instance" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 11.Parallax Motion Effect Generation Through Instance Segmentation And Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02680.pdf)
>  Stereo vision is a growing topic in computer vision due to the innumerable opportunities and applications this technology offers for the development of modern solutions, such as virtual and augmented reality applications. To enhance the user's experience in three-dimensional virtual environments, the motion parallax estimation is a promising technique to achieve this objective. In this paper, we propose an algorithm for generating parallax motion effects from a single image, taking advantage of state-of-the-art instance segmentation and depth estimation approaches. This work also presents a comparison against such algorithms to investigate the trade-off between efficiency and quality of the parallax motion effects, taking into consideration a multi-task learning network capable of estimating instance segmentation and depth estimation at once. Experimental results and visual quality assessment indicate that the PyD-Net network (depth estimation) combined with Mask R-CNN or FBNet networks (instance segmentation) can produce parallax motion effects with good visual quality.      
### 12.A Method for Tumor Treating Fields Fast Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02644.pdf)
>  Tumor Treating Fields (TTFields) is an FDA approved treatment for specific types of cancer and significantly extends patients life. The intensity of the TTFields within the tumor was associated with the treatment outcomes: the larger the intensity the longer the patients are likely to survive. Therefore, it was suggested to optimize TTFields transducer array location such that their intensity is maximized. Such optimization requires multiple computations of TTFields in a simulation framework. However, these computations are typically performed using finite element methods or similar approaches that are time consuming. Therefore, only a limited number of transducer array locations can be examined in practice. To overcome this issue, we have developed a method for fast estimation of TTFields intensity. We have designed and implemented a method that inputs a segmentation of the patients head, a table of tissues electrical properties and the location of the transducer array. The method outputs a spatial estimation of the TTFields intensity by incorporating a few relevant parameters in a random-forest regressor. The method was evaluated on 10 patients (20 TA layouts) in a leave-one-out framework. The computation time was 1.5 minutes using the suggested method, and 180-240 minutes using the commercial simulation. The average error was 0.14 V/cm (SD = 0.06 V/cm) in comparison to the result of the commercial simulation. These results suggest that a fast estimation of TTFields based on a few parameters is feasible. The presented method may facilitate treatment optimization and further extend patients life.      
### 13.How Convolutional Neural Network Architecture Biases Learned Opponency and Colour Tuning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02634.pdf)
>  Recent work suggests that changing Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architecture by introducing a bottleneck in the second layer can yield changes in learned function. To understand this relationship fully requires a way of quantitatively comparing trained networks. The fields of electrophysiology and psychophysics have developed a wealth of methods for characterising visual systems which permit such comparisons. Inspired by these methods, we propose an approach to obtaining spatial and colour tuning curves for convolutional neurons, which can be used to classify cells in terms of their spatial and colour opponency. We perform these classifications for a range of CNNs with different depths and bottleneck widths. Our key finding is that networks with a bottleneck show a strong functional organisation: almost all cells in the bottleneck layer become both spatially and colour opponent, cells in the layer following the bottleneck become non-opponent. The colour tuning data can further be used to form a rich understanding of how colour is encoded by a network. As a concrete demonstration, we show that shallower networks without a bottleneck learn a complex non-linear colour system, whereas deeper networks with tight bottlenecks learn a simple channel opponent code in the bottleneck layer. We further develop a method of obtaining a hue sensitivity curve for a trained CNN which enables high level insights that complement the low level findings from the colour tuning data. We go on to train a series of networks under different conditions to ascertain the robustness of the discussed results. Ultimately, our methods and findings coalesce with prior art, strengthening our ability to interpret trained CNNs and furthering our understanding of the connection between architecture and learned representation. Code for all experiments is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ecs-vlc/opponency" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.Unfolding the Alternating Optimization for Blind Super Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02631.pdf)
>  Previous methods decompose blind super resolution (SR) problem into two sequential steps: \textit{i}) estimating blur kernel from given low-resolution (LR) image and \textit{ii}) restoring SR image based on estimated kernel. This two-step solution involves two independently trained models, which may not be well compatible with each other. Small estimation error of the first step could cause severe performance drop of the second one. While on the other hand, the first step can only utilize limited information from LR image, which makes it difficult to predict highly accurate blur kernel. Towards these issues, instead of considering these two steps separately, we adopt an alternating optimization algorithm, which can estimate blur kernel and restore SR image in a single model. Specifically, we design two convolutional neural modules, namely \textit{Restorer} and \textit{Estimator}. \textit{Restorer} restores SR image based on predicted kernel, and \textit{Estimator} estimates blur kernel with the help of restored SR image. We alternate these two modules repeatedly and unfold this process to form an end-to-end trainable network. In this way, \textit{Estimator} utilizes information from both LR and SR images, which makes the estimation of blur kernel easier. More importantly, \textit{Restorer} is trained with the kernel estimated by \textit{Estimator}, instead of ground-truth kernel, thus \textit{Restorer} could be more tolerant to the estimation error of \textit{Estimator}. Extensive experiments on synthetic datasets and real-world images show that our model can largely outperform state-of-the-art methods and produce more visually favorable results at much higher speed. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/greatlog/DAN.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.Comprehensive Online Network Pruning via Learnable Scaling Factors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02623.pdf)
>  One of the major challenges in deploying deep neural network architectures is their size which has an adverse effect on their inference time and memory requirements. Deep CNNs can either be pruned width-wise by removing filters based on their importance or depth-wise by removing layers and blocks. Width wise pruning (filter pruning) is commonly performed via learnable gates or switches and sparsity regularizers whereas pruning of layers has so far been performed arbitrarily by manually designing a smaller network usually referred to as a student network. We propose a comprehensive pruning strategy that can perform both width-wise as well as depth-wise pruning. This is achieved by introducing gates at different granularities (neuron, filter, layer, block) which are then controlled via an objective function that simultaneously performs pruning at different granularity during each forward pass. Our approach is applicable to wide-variety of architectures without any constraints on spatial dimensions or connection type (sequential, residual, parallel or inception). Our method has resulted in a compression ratio of 70% to 90% without noticeable loss in accuracy when evaluated on benchmark datasets.      
### 16.Finding the Evidence: Localization-aware Answer Prediction for Text Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02582.pdf)
>  Image text carries essential information to understand the scene and perform reasoning. Text-based visual question answering (text VQA) task focuses on visual questions that require reading text in images. Existing text VQA systems generate an answer by selecting from optical character recognition (OCR) texts or a fixed vocabulary. Positional information of text is underused and there is a lack of evidence for the generated answer. As such, this paper proposes a localization-aware answer prediction network (LaAP-Net) to address this challenge. Our LaAP-Net not only generates the answer to the question but also predicts a bounding box as evidence of the generated answer. Moreover, a context-enriched OCR representation (COR) for multimodal fusion is proposed to facilitate the localization task. Our proposed LaAP-Net outperforms existing approaches on three benchmark datasets for the text VQA task by a noticeable margin.      
### 17.Arbitrary Style Transfer using Graph Instance Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02560.pdf)
>  Style transfer is the image synthesis task, which applies a style of one image to another while preserving the content. In statistical methods, the adaptive instance normalization (AdaIN) whitens the source images and applies the style of target images through normalizing the mean and variance of features. However, computing feature statistics for each instance would neglect the inherent relationship between features, so it is hard to learn global styles while fitting to the individual training dataset. In this paper, we present a novel learnable normalization technique for style transfer using graph convolutional networks, termed Graph Instance Normalization (GrIN). This algorithm makes the style transfer approach more robust by taking into account similar information shared between instances. Besides, this simple module is also applicable to other tasks like image-to-image translation or domain adaptation.      
### 18.Training Deep Neural Networks for Wireless Sensor Networks Using Loosely and Weakly Labeled Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02546.pdf)
>  Although deep learning has achieved remarkable successes over the past years, few reports have been published about applying deep neural networks to Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs) for image targets recognition where data, energy, computation resources are limited. In this work, a Cost-Effective Domain Generalization (CEDG) algorithm has been proposed to train an efficient network with minimum labor requirements. CEDG transfers networks from a publicly available source domain to an application-specific target domain through an automatically allocated synthetic domain. The target domain is isolated from parameters tuning and used for model selection and testing only. The target domain is significantly different from the source domain because it has new target categories and is consisted of low-quality images that are out of focus, low in resolution, low in illumination, low in photographing angle. The trained network has about 7M (ResNet-20 is about 41M) multiplications per prediction that is small enough to allow a digital signal processor chip to do real-time recognitions in our WSN. The category-level averaged error on the unseen and unbalanced target domain has been decreased by 41.12%.      
### 19.Mapping of Sparse 3D Data using Alternating Projection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02516.pdf)
>  We propose a novel technique to register sparse 3D scans in the absence of texture. While existing methods such as KinectFusion or Iterative Closest Points (ICP) heavily rely on dense point clouds, this task is particularly challenging under sparse conditions without RGB data. Sparse texture-less data does not come with high-quality boundary signal, and this prohibits the use of correspondences from corners, junctions, or boundary lines. Moreover, in the case of sparse data, it is incorrect to assume that the same point will be captured in two consecutive scans. We take a different approach and first re-parameterize the point-cloud using a large number of line segments. In this re-parameterized data, there exists a large number of line intersection (and not correspondence) constraints that allow us to solve the registration task. We propose the use of a two-step alternating projection algorithm by formulating the registration as the simultaneous satisfaction of intersection and rigidity constraints. The proposed approach outperforms other top-scoring algorithms on both Kinect and LiDAR datasets. In Kinect, we can use 100X downsampled sparse data and still outperform competing methods operating on full-resolution data.      
### 20.Optimization over Random and Gradient Probabilistic Pixel Sampling for Fast, Robust Multi-Resolution Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02505.pdf)
>  This paper presents an approach to fast image registration through probabilistic pixel sampling. We propose a practical scheme to leverage the benefits of two state-of-the-art pixel sampling approaches: gradient magnitude based pixel sampling and uniformly random sampling. Our framework involves learning the optimal balance between the two sampling schemes off-line during training, based on a small training dataset, using particle swarm optimization. We then test the proposed sampling approach on 3D rigid registration against two state-of-the-art approaches based on the popular, publicly available, Vanderbilt RIRE dataset. Our results indicate that the proposed sampling approach yields much faster, accurate and robust registration results when compared against the state-of-the-art.      
### 21.RANP: Resource Aware Neuron Pruning at Initialization for 3D CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02488.pdf)
>  Although 3D Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are essential for most learning based applications involving dense 3D data, their applicability is limited due to excessive memory and computational requirements. Compressing such networks by pruning therefore becomes highly desirable. However, pruning 3D CNNs is largely unexplored possibly because of the complex nature of typical pruning algorithms that embeds pruning into an iterative optimization paradigm. In this work, we introduce a Resource Aware Neuron Pruning (RANP) algorithm that prunes 3D CNNs at initialization to high sparsity levels. Specifically, the core idea is to obtain an importance score for each neuron based on their sensitivity to the loss function. This neuron importance is then reweighted according to the neuron resource consumption related to FLOPs or memory. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our pruning method on 3D semantic segmentation with widely used 3D-UNets on ShapeNet and BraTS'18 as well as on video classification with MobileNetV2 and I3D on UCF101 dataset. In these experiments, our RANP leads to roughly 50-95 reduction in FLOPs and 35-80 reduction in memory with negligible loss in accuracy compared to the unpruned networks. This significantly reduces the computational resources required to train 3D CNNs. The pruned network obtained by our algorithm can also be easily scaled up and transferred to another dataset for training.      
### 22.Self-supervised Exposure Trajectory Recovery for Dynamic Blur Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02484.pdf)
>  Dynamic scene blurring is an important yet challenging topic. Recently, deep learning methods have achieved impressive performance for dynamic scene deblurring. However, the motion information contained in a blurry image has yet to be fully explored and accurately formulated because: (i) the ground truth of blurry motion is difficult to obtain; (ii) the temporal ordering is destroyed during the exposure; and (iii) the motion estimation is highly ill-posed. By revisiting the principle of camera exposure, dynamic blur can be described by the relative motions of sharp content with respect to each exposed pixel. We define exposure trajectories, which record the trajectories of relative motions to represent the motion information contained in a blurry image and explain the causes of the dynamic blur. A new blur representation, which we call motion offset, is proposed to model pixel-wise displacements of the latent sharp image at multiple timepoints. Under mild constraints, the learned motion offsets can recover dense, (non-)linear exposure trajectories, which significantly reduce temporal disorder and ill-posed problems. Finally, we demonstrate that the estimated exposure trajectories can fit real-world dynamic blurs and further contribute to motion-aware image deblurring and warping-based video extraction from a single blurry image.      
### 23.Joint COCO and Mapillary Workshop at ICCV 2019: COCO Instance Segmentation Challenge Track  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02475.pdf)
>  In this report, we present our object detection/instance segmentation system, MegDetV2, which works in a two-pass fashion, first to detect instances then to obtain segmentation. Our baseline detector is mainly built on a new designed RPN, called RPN++. On the COCO-2019 detection/instance-segmentation test-dev dataset, our system achieves 61.0/53.1 mAP, which surpassed our 2018 winning results by 5.0/4.2 respectively. We achieve the best results in COCO Challenge 2019 and 2020.      
### 24.Visualizing Color-wise Saliency of Black-Box Image Classification Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02468.pdf)
>  Image classification based on machine learning is being commonly used. However, a classification result given by an advanced method, including deep learning, is often hard to interpret. This problem of interpretability is one of the major obstacles in deploying a trained model in safety-critical systems. Several techniques have been proposed to address this problem; one of which is RISE, which explains a classification result by a heatmap, called a saliency map, which explains the significance of each pixel. We propose MC-RISE (Multi-Color RISE), which is an enhancement of RISE to take color information into account in an explanation. Our method not only shows the saliency of each pixel in a given image as the original RISE does, but the significance of color components of each pixel; a saliency map with color information is useful especially in the domain where the color information matters (e.g., traffic-sign recognition). We implemented MC-RISE and evaluate them using two datasets (GTSRB and ImageNet) to demonstrate the effectiveness of our methods in comparison with existing techniques for interpreting image classification results.      
### 25.Learning Visual-Semantic Embeddings for Reporting Abnormal Findings on Chest X-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02467.pdf)
>  Automatic medical image report generation has drawn growing attention due to its potential to alleviate radiologists' workload. Existing work on report generation often trains encoder-decoder networks to generate complete reports. However, such models are affected by data bias (e.g.~label imbalance) and face common issues inherent in text generation models (e.g.~repetition). In this work, we focus on reporting abnormal findings on radiology images; instead of training on complete radiology reports, we propose a method to identify abnormal findings from the reports in addition to grouping them with unsupervised clustering and minimal rules. We formulate the task as cross-modal retrieval and propose Conditional Visual-Semantic Embeddings to align images and fine-grained abnormal findings in a joint embedding space. We demonstrate that our method is able to retrieve abnormal findings and outperforms existing generation models on both clinical correctness and text generation metrics.      
### 26.Collaboratively boosting data-driven deep learning and knowledge-guided ontological reasoning for semantic segmentation of remote sensing imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02451.pdf)
>  As one kind of architecture from the deep learning family, deep semantic segmentation network (DSSN) achieves a certain degree of success on the semantic segmentation task and obviously outperforms the traditional methods based on hand-crafted features. As a classic data-driven technique, DSSN can be trained by an end-to-end mechanism and competent for employing the low-level and mid-level cues (i.e., the discriminative image structure) to understand images, but lacks the high-level inference ability. By contrast, human beings have an excellent inference capacity and can be able to reliably interpret the RS imagery only when human beings master the basic RS domain knowledge. In literature, ontological modeling and reasoning is an ideal way to imitate and employ the domain knowledge of human beings, but is still rarely explored and adopted in the RS domain. To remedy the aforementioned critical limitation of DSSN, this paper proposes a collaboratively boosting framework (CBF) to combine data-driven deep learning module and knowledge-guided ontological reasoning module in an iterative way.      
### 27.Shot in the Dark: Few-Shot Learning with No Base-Class Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02430.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning aims to learn classifiers for new objects from a small number of labeled examples. But it does not do this in a vacuum. Usually, a strong inductive bias is borrowed from the supervised learning of base classes. This inductive bias enables more statistically efficient learning of the new classes. In this work, we show that no labels are needed to develop such an inductive bias, and that self-supervised learning can provide a powerful inductive bias for few-shot learning. This is particularly effective when the unlabeled data for learning such a bias contains not only examples of the base classes, but also examples of the novel classes. The setting in which unlabeled examples of the novel classes are available is known as the transductive setting. Our method outperforms state-of-the-art few-shot learning methods, including other transductive learning methods, by 3.9% for 5-shot accuracy on miniImageNet without using any base class labels. By benchmarking unlabeled-base-class (UBC) few-shot learning and UBC transductive few-shot learning, we demonstrate the great potential of self-supervised feature learning: self-supervision alone is sufficient to create a remarkably good inductive bias for few-shot learning. This motivates a rethinking of whether base-class labels are necessary at all for few-shot learning. We also explore the relationship between self-supervised features and supervised features, comparing both their transferability and their complementarity in the non-transductive setting. By combining supervised and self-supervised features learned from base classes, we also achieve a new state-of-the-art in the non-transductive setting, outperforming all previous methods.      
### 28.Video Anomaly Detection Using Pre-Trained Deep Convolutional Neural Nets and Context Mining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02406.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection is critically important for intelligent surveillance systems to detect in a timely manner any malicious activities. Many video anomaly detection approaches using deep learning methods focus on a single camera video stream with a fixed scenario. These deep learning methods use large-scale training data with large complexity. As a solution, in this paper, we show how to use pre-trained convolutional neural net models to perform feature extraction and context mining, and then use denoising autoencoder with relatively low model complexity to provide efficient and accurate surveillance anomaly detection, which can be useful for the resource-constrained devices such as edge devices of the Internet of Things (IoT). Our anomaly detection model makes decisions based on the high-level features derived from the selected embedded computer vision models such as object classification and object detection. Additionally, we derive contextual properties from the high-level features to further improve the performance of our video anomaly detection method. We use two UCSD datasets to demonstrate that our approach with relatively low model complexity can achieve comparable performance compared to the state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 29.Adaptive Automotive Radar data Acquisition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02367.pdf)
>  In an autonomous driving scenario, it is vital to acquire and efficiently process data from various sensors to obtain a complete and robust perspective of the surroundings. Many studies have shown the importance of having radar data in addition to images since radar is robust to weather conditions. We develop a novel algorithm for selecting radar return regions to be sampled at a higher rate based on prior reconstructed radar frames and image data. Our approach uses adaptive block-based Compressed Sensing(CS) to allocate higher sampling rates to "important" blocks dynamically while maintaining the overall sampling budget per frame. This improves over block-based CS, which parallelizes computation by dividing the radar frame into blocks. Additionally, we use the Faster R-CNN object detection network to determine these important blocks from previous radar and image information. This mitigates the potential information loss of an object missed by the image or the object detection network. We also develop an end-to-end transformer-based 2D object detection network using the NuScenes radar and image data. Finally, we compare the performance of our algorithm against that of standard CS on the Oxford Radar RobotCar dataset.      
### 30.VisualWordGrid: Information Extraction From Scanned Documents Using A Multimodal Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02358.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel approach for scanned document representation to perform fields extraction task. It allows the simultaneous encoding of the textual, visual and layout information in a 3D matrix used as an input to a segmentation model. We improve the recent Chargrid and Wordgrid models in several directions, first by taking into account the visual modality, then by boosting its robustness toward small datasets, while keeping the inference time low. Our approach is tested on public and private document image datasets, showing higher performances compared to the recent state-of-the-art methods.      
### 31.Deep Generative Modelling of Human Reach-and-Place Action  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02345.pdf)
>  The motion of picking up and placing an object in 3D space is full of subtle detail. Typically these motions are formed from the same constraints, optimizing for swiftness, energy efficiency, as well as physiological limits. Yet, even for identical goals, the motion realized is always subject to natural variation. To capture these aspects computationally, we suggest a deep generative model for human reach-and-place action, conditioned on a start and end position.We have captured a dataset of 600 such human 3D actions, to sample the 2x3-D space of 3D source and targets. While temporal variation is often modeled with complex learning machinery like recurrent neural networks or networks with memory or attention, we here demonstrate a much simpler approach that is convolutional in time and makes use of(periodic) temporal encoding. Provided a latent code and conditioned on start and end position, the model generates a complete 3D character motion in linear time as a sequence of convolutions. Our evaluation includes several ablations, analysis of generative diversity and applications.      
### 32.Multi-level Feature Learning on Embedding Layer of Convolutional Autoencoders and Deep Inverse Feature Learning for Image Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02343.pdf)
>  This paper introduces Multi-Level feature learning alongside the Embedding layer of Convolutional Autoencoder (CAE-MLE) as a novel approach in deep clustering. We use agglomerative clustering as the multi-level feature learning that provides a hierarchical structure on the latent feature space. It is shown that applying multi-level feature learning considerably improves the basic deep convolutional embedding clustering (DCEC). CAE-MLE considers the clustering loss of agglomerative clustering simultaneously alongside the learning latent feature of CAE. In the following of the previous works in inverse feature learning, we show that the representation of learning of error as a general strategy can be applied on different deep clustering approaches and it leads to promising results. We develop deep inverse feature learning (deep IFL) on CAE-MLE as a novel approach that leads to the state-of-the-art results among the same category methods. The experimental results show that the CAE-MLE improves the results of the basic method, DCEC, around 7% -14% on two well-known datasets of MNIST and USPS. Also, it is shown that the proposed deep IFL improves the primary results about 9%-17%. Therefore, both proposed approaches of CAE-MLE and deep IFL based on CAE-MLE can lead to notable performance improvement in comparison to the majority of existing techniques. The proposed approaches while are based on a basic convolutional autoencoder lead to outstanding results even in comparison to variational autoencoders or generative adversarial networks.      
### 33.A Benchmark and Baseline for Language-Driven Image Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02330.pdf)
>  Language-driven image editing can significantly save the laborious image editing work and be friendly to the photography novice. However, most similar work can only deal with a specific image domain or can only do global retouching. To solve this new task, we first present a new language-driven image editing dataset that supports both local and global editing with editing operation and mask annotations. Besides, we also propose a baseline method that fully utilizes the annotation to solve this problem. Our new method treats each editing operation as a sub-module and can automatically predict operation parameters. Not only performing well on challenging user data, but such an approach is also highly interpretable. We believe our work, including both the benchmark and the baseline, will advance the image editing area towards a more general and free-form level.      
### 34.Common CNN-based Face Embedding Spaces are (Almost) Equivalent  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02323.pdf)
>  CNNs are the dominant method for creating face embeddings for recognition. It might be assumed that, since these networks are distinct, complex, nonlinear functions, that their embeddings are network specific, and thus have some degree of anonymity. However, recent research has shown that distinct networks' features can be directly mapped with little performance penalty (median 1.9% reduction across 90 distinct mappings) in the context of the 1,000 object ImageNet recognition task. This finding has revealed that embeddings coming from different systems can be meaningfully compared, provided the mapping. However, prior work only considered networks trained and tested on a closed set classification task. Here, we present evidence that a linear mapping between feature spaces can be easily discovered in the context of open set face recognition. Specifically, we demonstrate that the feature spaces of four face recognition models, of varying architecture and training datasets, can be mapped between with no more than a 1.0% penalty in recognition accuracy on LFW . This finding, which we also replicate on YouTube Faces, demonstrates that embeddings from different systems can be readily compared once the linear mapping is determined. In further analysis, fewer than 500 pairs of corresponding embeddings from two systems are required to calculate the full mapping between embedding spaces, and reducing the dimensionality of the mapping from 512 to 64 produces negligible performance penalty.      
### 35.Tensor Fields for Data Extraction from Chart Images: Bar Charts and Scatter Plots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02319.pdf)
>  Charts are an essential part of both graphicacy (graphical literacy), and statistical literacy. As chart understanding has become increasingly relevant in data science, automating chart analysis by processing raster images of the charts has become a significant problem. Automated chart reading involves data extraction and contextual understanding of the data from chart images. In this paper, we perform the first step of determining the computational model of chart images for data extraction for selected chart types, namely, bar charts, and scatter plots. We demonstrate the use of positive semidefinite second-order tensor fields as an effective model. We identify an appropriate tensor field as the model and propose a methodology for the use of its degenerate point extraction for data extraction from chart images. Our results show that tensor voting is effective for data extraction from bar charts and scatter plots, and histograms, as a special case of bar charts.      
### 36.SMILE: Semantically-guided Multi-attribute Image and Layout Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02315.pdf)
>  Attribute image manipulation has been a very active topic since the introduction of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). Exploring the disentangled attribute space within a transformation is a very challenging task due to the multiple and mutually-inclusive nature of the facial images, where different labels (eyeglasses, hats, hair, identity, etc.) can co-exist at the same time. Several works address this issue either by exploiting the modality of each domain/attribute using a conditional random vector noise, or extracting the modality from an exemplary image. However, existing methods cannot handle both random and reference transformations for multiple attributes, which limits the generality of the solutions. In this paper, we successfully exploit a multimodal representation that handles all attributes, be it guided by random noise or exemplar images, while only using the underlying domain information of the target domain. We present extensive qualitative and quantitative results for facial datasets and several different attributes that show the superiority of our method. Additionally, our method is capable of adding, removing or changing either fine-grained or coarse attributes by using an image as a reference or by exploring the style distribution space, and it can be easily extended to head-swapping and face-reenactment applications without being trained on videos.      
### 37.Smoother Network Tuning and Interpolation for Continuous-level Image Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02270.pdf)
>  In Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based image processing, most studies propose networks that are optimized to single-level (or single-objective); thus, they underperform on other levels and must be retrained for delivery of optimal performance. Using multiple models to cover multiple levels involves very high computational costs. To solve these problems, recent approaches train networks on two different levels and propose their own interpolation methods to enable arbitrary intermediate levels. However, many of them fail to generalize or have certain side effects in practical usage. In this paper, we define these frameworks as network tuning and interpolation and propose a novel module for continuous-level learning, called Filter Transition Network (FTN). This module is a structurally smoother module than existing ones. Therefore, the frameworks with FTN generalize well across various tasks and networks and cause fewer undesirable side effects. For stable learning of FTN, we additionally propose a method to initialize non-linear neural network layers with identity mappings. Extensive results for various image processing tasks indicate that the performance of FTN is comparable in multiple continuous levels, and is significantly smoother and lighter than that of other frameworks.      
### 38.CO2: Consistent Contrast for Unsupervised Visual Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02217.pdf)
>  Contrastive learning has been adopted as a core method for unsupervised visual representation learning. Without human annotation, the common practice is to perform an instance discrimination task: Given a query image crop, this task labels crops from the same image as positives, and crops from other randomly sampled images as negatives. An important limitation of this label assignment strategy is that it can not reflect the heterogeneous similarity between the query crop and each crop from other images, taking them as equally negative, while some of them may even belong to the same semantic class as the query. To address this issue, inspired by consistency regularization in semi-supervised learning on unlabeled data, we propose Consistent Contrast (CO2), which introduces a consistency regularization term into the current contrastive learning framework. Regarding the similarity of the query crop to each crop from other images as "unlabeled", the consistency term takes the corresponding similarity of a positive crop as a pseudo label, and encourages consistency between these two similarities. Empirically, CO2 improves Momentum Contrast (MoCo) by 2.9% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet linear protocol, 3.8% and 1.1% top-5 accuracy on 1% and 10% labeled semi-supervised settings. It also transfers to image classification, object detection, and semantic segmentation on PASCAL VOC. This shows that CO2 learns better visual representations for these downstream tasks.      
### 39.NCP-VAE: Variational Autoencoders with Noise Contrastive Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02917.pdf)
>  Variational autoencoders (VAEs) are one of the powerful likelihood-based generative models with applications in various domains. However, they struggle to generate high-quality images, especially when samples are obtained from the prior without any tempering. One explanation for VAEs' poor generative quality is the prior hole problem: the prior distribution fails to match the aggregate approximate posterior. Due to this mismatch, there exist areas in the latent space with high density under the prior that do not correspond to any encoded image. Samples from those areas are decoded to corrupted images. To tackle this issue, we propose an energy-based prior defined by the product of a base prior distribution and a reweighting factor, designed to bring the base closer to the aggregate posterior. We train the reweighting factor by noise contrastive estimation, and we generalize it to hierarchical VAEs with many latent variable groups. Our experiments confirm that the proposed noise contrastive priors improve the generative performance of state-of-the-art VAEs by a large margin on the MNIST, CIFAR-10, CelebA 64, and CelebA HQ 256 datasets.      
### 40.Iterative Methods for Computing Eigenvectors of Nonlinear Operators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02890.pdf)
>  In this chapter we are examining several iterative methods for solving nonlinear eigenvalue problems. These arise in variational image-processing, graph partition and classification, nonlinear physics and more. The canonical eigenproblem we solve is $T(u)=\lambda u$, where $T:\R^n\to \R^n$ is some bounded nonlinear operator. Other variations of eigenvalue problems are also discussed. We present a progression of 5 algorithms, coauthored in recent years by the author and colleagues. Each algorithm attempts to solve a unique problem or to improve the theoretical foundations. The algorithms can be understood as nonlinear PDE's which converge to an eigenfunction in the continuous time domain. This allows a unique view and understanding of the discrete iterative process. Finally, it is shown how to evaluate numerically the results, along with some examples and insights related to priors of nonlinear denoisers, both classical algorithms and ones based on deep networks.      
### 41.LETI: Latency Estimation Tool and Investigation of Neural Networks inference on Mobile GPU  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02871.pdf)
>  A lot of deep learning applications are desired to be run on mobile devices. Both accuracy and inference time are meaningful for a lot of them. While the number of FLOPs is usually used as a proxy for neural network latency, it may be not the best choice. In order to obtain a better approximation of latency, research community uses look-up tables of all possible layers for latency calculation for the final prediction of the inference on mobile CPU. It requires only a small number of experiments. Unfortunately, on mobile GPU this method is not applicable in a straight-forward way and shows low precision. In this work, we consider latency approximation on mobile GPU as a data and hardware-specific problem. Our main goal is to construct a convenient latency estimation tool for investigation(LETI) of neural network inference and building robust and accurate latency prediction models for each specific task. To achieve this goal, we build open-source tools which provide a convenient way to conduct massive experiments on different target devices focusing on mobile GPU. After evaluation of the dataset, we learn the regression model on experimental data and use it for future latency prediction and analysis. We experimentally demonstrate the applicability of such an approach on a subset of popular NAS-Benchmark 101 dataset and also evaluate the most popular neural network architectures for two mobile GPUs. As a result, we construct latency prediction model with good precision on the target evaluation subset. We consider LETI as a useful tool for neural architecture search or massive latency evaluation. The project is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/leti-ai" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 42.COVIDomaly: A Deep Convolutional Autoencoder Approach for Detecting Early Cases of COVID-19  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02814.pdf)
>  As of September 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to devastate the health and well-being of the global population. With more than 33 million confirmed cases and over a million deaths, global health organizations are still a long way from fully containing the pandemic. This pandemic has raised serious questions about the emergency preparedness of health agencies, not only in terms of treatment of an unseen disease, but also in identifying its early symptoms. In the particular case of COVID-19, several studies have indicated that chest radiography images of the infected patients show characteristic abnormalities. However, at the onset of a given pandemic, such as COVID-19, there may not be sufficient data for the affected cases to train models for their robust detection. Hence, supervised classification is ill-posed for this problem because the time spent in collecting large amounts of infected peoples' data could lead to the loss of human lives and delays in preventive interventions. Therefore, we formulate this problem within a one-class classification framework, in which the data for healthy patients is abundantly available, whereas no training data is present for the class of interest (COVID-19 in our case). To solve this problem, we present COVIDomaly, a convolutional autoencoder framework to detect unseen COVID-19 cases from the chest radiographs. We tested two settings on a publicly available dataset (COVIDx) by training the model on chest X-rays from (i) only healthy adults, and (ii) healthy and other non-COVID-19 pneumonia, and detected COVID-19 as an anomaly. After performing 3-fold cross validation, we obtain a pooled ROC-AUC of 0.7652 and 0.6902 in the two settings respectively. These results are very encouraging and pave the way towards research for ensuring emergency preparedness in future pandemics, especially the ones that could be detected from chest X-rays.      
### 43.Image Translation for Medical Image Generation -- Ischemic Stroke Lesions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02745.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based automated disease detection and segmentation algorithms promise to accelerate and improve many clinical processes. However, such algorithms require vast amounts of annotated training data, which are typically not available in a medical context, e.g., due to data privacy concerns, legal obstructions, and non-uniform data formats. Synthetic databases of annotated pathologies could provide the required amounts of training data. Here, we demonstrate with the example of ischemic stroke that a significant improvement in lesion segmentation is feasible using deep learning-based data augmentation. To this end, we train different image-to-image translation models to synthesize diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance images (DWIs) of brain volumes with and without stroke lesions from semantic segmentation maps. In addition, we train a generative adversarial network to generate synthetic lesion masks. Subsequently, we combine these two components to build a large database of synthetic stroke DWIs. The performance of the various generative models is evaluated using a U-Net which is trained to segment stroke lesions on a clinical test set. We compare the results to human expert inter-reader scores. For the model with the best performance, we report a maximum Dice score of 82.6\%, which significantly outperforms the model trained on the clinical images alone (74.8\%), and also the inter-reader Dice score of two human readers of 76.9\%. Moreover, we show that for a very limited database of only 10 or 50 clinical cases, synthetic data can be used to pre-train the segmentation algorithms, which ultimately yields an improvement by a factor of as high as 8 compared to a setting where no synthetic data is used.      
### 44.Assessing Automated Machine Learning service to detect COVID-19 from X-Ray and CT images: A Real-time Smartphone Application case study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02715.pdf)
>  The recent outbreak of SARS COV-2 gave us a unique opportunity to study for a non interventional and sustainable AI solution. Lung disease remains a major healthcare challenge with high morbidity and mortality worldwide. The predominant lung disease was lung cancer. Until recently, the world has witnessed the global pandemic of COVID19, the Novel coronavirus outbreak. We have experienced how viral infection of lung and heart claimed thousands of lives worldwide. With the unprecedented advancement of Artificial Intelligence in recent years, Machine learning can be used to easily detect and classify medical imagery. It is much faster and most of the time more accurate than human radiologists. Once implemented, it is more cost-effective and time-saving. In our study, we evaluated the efficacy of Microsoft Cognitive Service to detect and classify COVID19 induced pneumonia from other Viral/Bacterial pneumonia based on X-Ray and CT images. We wanted to assess the implication and accuracy of the Automated ML-based Rapid Application Development (RAD) environment in the field of Medical Image diagnosis. This study will better equip us to respond with an ML-based diagnostic Decision Support System(DSS) for a Pandemic situation like COVID19. After optimization, the trained network achieved 96.8% Average Precision which was implemented as a Web Application for consumption. However, the same trained network did not perform the same like Web Application when ported to Smartphone for Real-time inference. Which was our main interest of study. The authors believe, there is scope for further study on this issue. One of the main goal of this study was to develop and evaluate the performance of AI-powered Smartphone-based Real-time Application. Facilitating primary diagnostic services in less equipped and understaffed rural healthcare centers of the world with unreliable internet service.      
### 45.Histopathological Stain Transfer using Style Transfer Network with Adversarial Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02659.pdf)
>  Deep learning models that are trained on histopathological images obtained from a single lab and/or scanner give poor inference performance on images obtained from another scanner/lab with a different staining protocol. In recent years, there has been a good amount of research done for image stain normalization to address this issue. In this work, we present a novel approach for the stain normalization problem using fast neural style transfer coupled with adversarial loss. We also propose a novel stain transfer generator network based on High-Resolution Network (HRNet) which requires less training time and gives good generalization with few paired training images of reference stain and test stain. This approach has been tested on Whole Slide Images (WSIs) obtained from 8 different labs, where images from one lab were treated as a reference stain. A deep learning model was trained on this stain and the rest of the images were transferred to it using the corresponding stain transfer generator network. Experimentation suggests that this approach is able to successfully perform stain normalization with good visual quality and provides better inference performance compared to not applying stain normalization.      
### 46.PCAL: A Privacy-preserving Intelligent Credit Risk Modeling Framework Based on Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02529.pdf)
>  Credit risk modeling has permeated our everyday life. Most banks and financial companies use this technique to model their clients' trustworthiness. While machine learning is increasingly used in this field, the resulting large-scale collection of user private information has reinvigorated the privacy debate, considering dozens of data breach incidents every year caused by unauthorized hackers, and (potentially even more) information misuse/abuse by authorized parties. To address those critical concerns, this paper proposes a framework of Privacy-preserving Credit risk modeling based on Adversarial Learning (PCAL). PCAL aims to mask the private information inside the original dataset, while maintaining the important utility information for the target prediction task performance, by (iteratively) weighing between a privacy-risk loss and a utility-oriented loss. PCAL is compared against off-the-shelf options in terms of both utility and privacy protection. Results indicate that PCAL can learn an effective, privacy-free representation from user data, providing a solid foundation towards privacy-preserving machine learning for credit risk analysis.      
### 47.Adversarial Boot Camp: label free certified robustness in one epoch  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02508.pdf)
>  Machine learning models are vulnerable to adversarial attacks. One approach to addressing this vulnerability is certification, which focuses on models that are guaranteed to be robust for a given perturbation size. A drawback of recent certified models is that they are stochastic: they require multiple computationally expensive model evaluations with random noise added to a given input. In our work, we present a deterministic certification approach which results in a certifiably robust model. This approach is based on an equivalence between training with a particular regularized loss, and the expected values of Gaussian averages. We achieve certified models on ImageNet-1k by retraining a model with this loss for one epoch without the use of label information.      
### 48.Denoising Diffusion Implicit Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02502.pdf)
>  Denoising diffusion probabilistic models (DDPMs) have achieved high quality image generation without adversarial training, yet they require simulating a Markov chain for many steps to produce a sample. To accelerate sampling, we present denoising diffusion implicit models (DDIMs), a more efficient class of iterative implicit probabilistic models with the same training procedure as DDPMs. In DDPMs, the generative process is defined as the reverse of a Markovian diffusion process. We construct a class of non-Markovian diffusion processes that lead to the same training objective, but whose reverse process can be much faster to sample from. We empirically demonstrate that DDIMs can produce high quality samples $10 \times$ to $50 \times$ faster in terms of wall-clock time compared to DDPMs, allow us to trade off computation for sample quality, and can perform semantically meaningful image interpolation directly in the latent space.      
### 49.Downscaling Attacks: What You See is Not What You Get  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02456.pdf)
>  The resizing of images, which is typically a required part of preprocessing for computer vision systems, is vulnerable to attack. We show that images can be created such that the image is completely different at machine-vision scales than at other scales. The default settings for some common computer vision and machine learning systems are vulnerable although defenses exist and are trivial to administer provided that defenders are aware of the threat. These attacks and defenses help to establish the role of input sanitization in machine learning.      
### 50.The Effectiveness of Memory Replay in Large Scale Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02418.pdf)
>  We study continual learning in the large scale setting where tasks in the input sequence are not limited to classification, and the outputs can be of high dimension. Among multiple state-of-the-art methods, we found vanilla experience replay (ER) still very competitive in terms of both performance and scalability, despite its simplicity. However, a degraded performance is observed for ER with small memory. A further visualization of the feature space reveals that the intermediate representation undergoes a distributional drift. While existing methods usually replay only the input-output pairs, we hypothesize that their regularization effect is inadequate for complex deep models and diverse tasks with small replay buffer size. Following this observation, we propose to replay the activation of the intermediate layers in addition to the input-output pairs. Considering that saving raw activation maps can dramatically increase memory and compute cost, we propose the Compressed Activation Replay technique, where compressed representations of layer activation are saved to the replay buffer. We show that this approach can achieve superior regularization effect while adding negligible memory overhead to replay method. Experiments on both the large-scale Taskonomy benchmark with a diverse set of tasks and standard common datasets (Split-CIFAR and Split-miniImageNet) demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 51.ASDN: A Deep Convolutional Network for Arbitrary Scale Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02414.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks have significantly improved the peak signal-to-noise ratio of SuperResolution (SR). However, image viewer applications commonly allow users to zoom the images to arbitrary magnification scales, thus far imposing a large number of required training scales at a tremendous computational cost. To obtain a more computationally efficient model for arbitrary scale SR, this paper employs a Laplacian pyramid method to reconstruct any-scale high-resolution (HR) images using the high-frequency image details in a Laplacian Frequency Representation. For SR of small-scales (between 1 and 2), images are constructed by interpolation from a sparse set of precalculated Laplacian pyramid levels. SR of larger scales is computed by recursion from small scales, which significantly reduces the computational cost. For a full comparison, fixed- and any-scale experiments are conducted using various benchmarks. At fixed scales, ASDN outperforms predefined upsampling methods (e.g., SRCNN, VDSR, DRRN) by about 1 dB in PSNR. At any-scale, ASDN generally exceeds Meta-SR on many scales.      
### 52.Fusion 360 Gallery: A Dataset and Environment for Programmatic CAD Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02392.pdf)
>  Parametric computer-aided design (CAD) is a standard paradigm used for the design of manufactured objects. CAD designers perform modeling operations, such as sketch and extrude, to form a construction sequence that makes up a final design. Despite the pervasiveness of parametric CAD and growing interest from the research community, a dataset of human designed 3D CAD construction sequences has not been available to-date. In this paper we present the Fusion 360 Gallery reconstruction dataset and environment for learning CAD reconstruction. We provide a dataset of 8,625 designs, comprising sequential sketch and extrude modeling operations, together with a complementary environment called the Fusion 360 Gym, to assist with performing CAD reconstruction. We outline a standard CAD reconstruction task, together with evaluation metrics, and present results from a novel method using neurally guided search to recover a construction sequence from raw geometry.      
### 53.Winning Lottery Tickets in Deep Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02350.pdf)
>  The lottery ticket hypothesis suggests that sparse, sub-networks of a given neural network, if initialized properly, can be trained to reach comparable or even better performance to that of the original network. Prior works in lottery tickets have primarily focused on the supervised learning setup, with several papers proposing effective ways of finding "winning tickets" in classification problems. In this paper, we confirm the existence of winning tickets in deep generative models such as GANs and VAEs. We show that the popular iterative magnitude pruning approach (with late rewinding) can be used with generative losses to find the winning tickets. This approach effectively yields tickets with sparsity up to 99% for AutoEncoders, 93% for VAEs and 89% for GANs on CIFAR and Celeb-A datasets. We also demonstrate the transferability of winning tickets across different generative models (GANs and VAEs) sharing the same architecture, suggesting that winning tickets have inductive biases that could help train a wide range of deep generative models. Furthermore, we show the practical benefits of lottery tickets in generative models by detecting tickets at very early stages in training called "early-bird tickets". Through early-bird tickets, we can achieve up to 88% reduction in floating-point operations (FLOPs) and 54% reduction in training time, making it possible to train large-scale generative models over tight resource constraints. These results out-perform existing early pruning methods like SNIP (Lee, Ajanthan, and Torr 2019) and GraSP (Wang, Zhang, and Grosse 2020). Our findings shed light towards existence of proper network initializations that could improve convergence and stability of generative models.      
### 54.Early Detection of Myocardial Infarction in Low-Quality Echocardiography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.02281.pdf)
>  Myocardial infarction (MI), or commonly known as heart attack, is a life-threatening worldwide health problem from which 32.4 million of people suffer each year. Early diagnosis and treatment of MI are crucial to prevent further heart tissue damages. However, MI detection in early stages is challenging because the symptoms are not easy to distinguish in electrocardiography findings or biochemical marker values found in the blood. Echocardiography is a noninvasive clinical tool for a more accurate early MI diagnosis, which is used to analyze the regional wall motion abnormalities. When echocardiography quality is poor, the diagnosis becomes a challenging and sometimes infeasible task even for a cardiologist. In this paper, we introduce a three-phase approach for early MI detection in low-quality echocardiography: 1) segmentation of the entire left ventricle (LV) wall of the heart using state-of-the-art deep learning model, 2) analysis of the segmented LV wall by feature engineering, and 3) early MI detection. The main contributions of this study are: highly accurate segmentation of the LV wall from low-resolution (both temporal and spatial) and noisy echocardiographic data, generating the segmentation ground-truth at pixel-level for the unannotated dataset using pseudo labeling approach, and composition of the first public echocardiographic dataset (HMC-QU) labeled by the cardiologists at the Hamad Medical Corporation Hospital in Qatar. Furthermore, the outputs of the proposed approach can significantly help cardiologists for a better assessment of the LV wall characteristics. The proposed method is evaluated in a 5-fold cross validation scheme on the HMC-QU dataset. The proposed approach has achieved an average level of 95.72% sensitivity and 99.58% specificity for the LV wall segmentation, and 85.97% sensitivity, 74.03% specificity, and 86.85% precision for MI detection.      
### 55.Multi-Resolution 3D Convolutional Neural Networks for Automatic Coronary Centerline Extraction in Cardiac CT Angiography Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.00925.pdf)
>  We propose a deep learning-based automatic coronary artery tree centerline tracker (AuCoTrack) extending the vessel tracker by Wolterink (<a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="1810.03143" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/1810.03143">arXiv:1810.03143</a>). A dual pathway Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) operating on multi-scale 3D inputs predicts the direction of the coronary arteries as well as the presence of a bifurcation. A similar multi-scale dual pathway 3D CNN is trained to identify coronary artery endpoints for terminating the tracking process. Two or more continuation directions are derived based on the bifurcation detection. The iterative tracker detects the entire left and right coronary artery trees based on only two ostium landmarks derived from a model-based segmentation of the heart. <br>The 3D CNNs were trained on a proprietary dataset consisting of 43 CCTA scans. An average sensitivity of 87.1% and clinically relevant overlap of 89.1% was obtained relative to a refined manual segmentation. In addition, the MICCAI 2008 Coronary Artery Tracking Challenge (CAT08) training and test datasets were used to benchmark the algorithm and to assess its generalization. An average overlap of 93.6% and a clinically relevant overlap of 96.4% were obtained. The proposed method achieved better overlap scores than the current state-of-the-art automatic centerline extraction techniques on the CAT08 dataset with a vessel detection rate of 95%.      
