# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 29 Nov 2018
### 1.3D human pose estimation in video with temporal convolutions and semi-supervised training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11742.pdf)
>  In this work, we demonstrate that 3D poses in video can be effectively estimated with a fully convolutional model based on dilated temporal convolutions over 2D keypoints. We also introduce back-projection, a simple and effective semi-supervised training method that leverages unlabeled video data. We start with predicted 2D keypoints for unlabeled video, then estimate 3D poses and finally back-project to the input 2D keypoints. In the supervised setting, our fully-convolutional model outperforms the previous best result from the literature by 6 mm mean per-joint position error on Human3.6M, corresponding to an error reduction of 11%, and the model also shows significant improvements on HumanEva-I. Moreover, experiments with back-projection show that it comfortably outperforms previous state-of-the-art results in semi-supervised settings where labeled data is scarce. Code and models are available at <a href="https://github.com/facebookresearch/VideoPose3D">this https URL</a> 
### 2.CAPNet: Continuous Approximation Projection For 3D Point Cloud Reconstruction Using 2D Supervision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11731.pdf)
>  Knowledge of 3D properties of objects is a necessity in order to build effective computer vision systems. However, lack of large scale 3D datasets can be a major constraint for data-driven approaches in learning such properties. We consider the task of single image 3D point cloud reconstruction, and aim to utilize multiple foreground masks as our supervisory data to alleviate the need for large scale 3D datasets. A novel differentiable projection module, called &#39;CAPNet&#39;, is introduced to obtain such 2D masks from a predicted 3D point cloud. The key idea is to model the projections as a continuous approximation of the points in the point cloud. To overcome the challenges of sparse projection maps, we propose a loss formulation termed &#39;affinity loss&#39; to generate outlier-free reconstructions. We significantly outperform the existing projection based approaches on a large-scale synthetic dataset. We show the utility and generalizability of such a 2D supervised approach through experiments on a real-world dataset, where lack of 3D data can be a serious concern. To further enhance the reconstructions, we also propose a test stage optimization procedure to obtain reconstructions that display high correspondence with the observed input image. 
### 3.SegET: Deep Neural Network with Rich Contextual Features for Cellular Structures Segmentation in Electron Tomography Image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11729.pdf)
>  Electron tomography (ET) allows high-resolution reconstructions of macromolecular complexes at nearnative state. Cellular structures segmentation in the reconstruction data from electron tomographic images is often required for analyzing and visualizing biological structures, making it a powerful tool for quantitative descriptions of whole cell structures and understanding biological functions. However, these cellular structures are rather difficult to automatically separate or quantify from view owing to complex molecular environment and the limitations of reconstruction data of ET. In this paper, we propose a single end-to-end deep fully-convolutional semantic segmentation network dubbed SegET with rich contextual features which fully exploitsthe multi-scale and multi-level contextual information and reduces the loss of details of cellular structures in ET images. We trained and evaluated our network on the electron tomogram of the CTL Immunological Synapse from Cell Image library. Our results demonstrate that SegET can automatically segment accurately and outperform all other baseline methods on each individual structure in our ET dataset. 
### 4.Future-State Predicting LSTM for Early Surgery Type Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11727.pdf)
>  This work presents a novel approach for the early recognition of the type of a laparoscopic surgery from its video. Early recognition algorithms can be beneficial to the development of &#39;smart&#39; OR systems that can provide automatic context-aware assistance, and also enable quick database indexing. The task is however ridden with challenges specific to videos belonging to the domain of laparoscopy, such as high visual similarity across surgeries and large variations in video durations. To capture the spatio-temporal dependencies in these videos, we choose as our model a combination of a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) network. We then propose two complementary approaches for improving early recognition performance. The first approach is a CNN fine-tuning method that encourages surgeries to be distinguished based on the initial frames of laparoscopic videos. The second approach, referred to as &#39;Future-State Predicting LSTM&#39;, trains an LSTM to predict information related to future frames, which helps in distinguishing between the different types of surgeries. We evaluate our approaches on a large dataset of 425 laparoscopic videos containing 9 types of surgeries (Laparo425), and achieve on average an accuracy of 75% having observed only the first 10 minutes of a surgery. These results are quite promising from a practical standpoint and also encouraging for other types of image-guided surgeries. 
### 5.CCNet: Criss-Cross Attention for Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11721.pdf)
>  Long-range dependencies can capture useful contextual information to benefit visual understanding problems. In this work, we propose a Criss-Cross Network (CCNet) for obtaining such important information through a more effective and efficient way. Concretely, for each pixel, our CCNet can harvest the contextual information of its surrounding pixels on the criss-cross path through a novel criss-cross attention module. By taking a further recurrent operation, each pixel can finally capture the long-range dependencies from all pixels. Overall, our CCNet is with the following merits: 1) GPU memory friendly. Compared with the non-local block, the recurrent criss-cross attention module requires $11\times$ less GPU memory usage. 2) High computational efficiency. The recurrent criss-cross attention significantly reduces FLOPs by about 85\% of the non-local block in computing long-range dependencies. 3) The state-of-the-art performance. We conduct extensive experiments on popular semantic segmentation benchmarks including Cityscapes, ADE20K, and instance segmentation benchmark COCO. In particular, our CCNet achieves the mIoU score of 81.4 and 45.22 on Cityscapes test set and ADE20K validation set, respectively, which are the new state-of-the-art results. We make the code publicly available at \url{<a href="https://github.com/speedinghzl/CCNet">this https URL</a> . 
### 6.Partial Convolution based Padding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11718.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a simple yet effective padding scheme that can be used as a drop-in module for existing convolutional neural networks. We call it partial convolution based padding, with the intuition that the padded region can be treated as holes and the original input as non-holes. Specifically, during the convolution operation, the convolution results are re-weighted near image borders based on the ratios between the padded area and the convolution sliding window area. Extensive experiments with various deep network models on ImageNet classification and semantic segmentation demonstrate that the proposed padding scheme consistently outperforms standard zero padding with better accuracy. 
### 7.Multi-level Multimodal Common Semantic Space for Image-Phrase Grounding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11683.pdf)
>  We address the problem of phrase grounding by learning a multi-level common semantic space shared by the textual and visual modalities. This common space is instantiated at multiple layers of a Deep Convolutional Neural Network by exploiting its feature maps, as well as contextualized word-level and sentence-level embeddings extracted from a character-based language model. Following a dedicated non-linear mapping for visual features at each level, word, and sentence embeddings, we obtain a common space in which comparisons between the target text and the visual content at any semantic level can be performed simply with cosine similarity. We guide the model by a multi-level multimodal attention mechanism which outputs attended visual features at different semantic levels. The best level is chosen to be compared with text content for maximizing the pertinence scores of image-sentence pairs of the ground truth. Experiments conducted on three publicly available benchmarks show significant performance gains (20%-60% relative) over the state-of-the-art in phrase localization and set a new performance record on those datasets. We also provide a detailed ablation study to show the contribution of each element of our approach. 
### 8.Robust Face Detection via Learning Small Faces on Hard Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11662.pdf)
>  Recent anchor-based deep face detectors have achieved promising performance, but they are still struggling to detect hard faces, such as small, blurred and partially occluded faces. A reason is that they treat all images and faces equally, without putting more effort on hard ones; however, many training images only contain easy faces, which are less helpful to achieve better performance on hard images. In this paper, we propose that the robustness of a face detector against hard faces can be improved by learning small faces on hard images. Our intuitions are (1) hard images are the images which contain at least one hard face, thus they facilitate training robust face detectors; (2) most hard faces are small faces and other types of hard faces can be easily converted to small faces by shrinking. We build an anchor-based deep face detector, which only output a single feature map with small anchors, to specifically learn small faces and train it by a novel hard image mining strategy. Extensive experiments have been conducted on WIDER FACE, FDDB, Pascal Faces, and AFW datasets to show the effectiveness of our method. Our method achieves APs of 95.7, 94.9 and 89.7 on easy, medium and hard WIDER FACE val dataset respectively, which surpass the previous state-of-the-arts, especially on the hard subset. Code and model are available at <a href="https://github.com/bairdzhang/smallhardface">this https URL</a>. 
### 9.A Generative Appearance Model for End-to-end Video Object Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11611.pdf)
>  One of the fundamental challenges in video object segmentation is to find an effective representation of the target and background appearance. The best performing approaches resort to extensive fine-tuning of a convolutional neural network for this purpose. Besides being prohibitively expensive, this strategy cannot be truly trained end-to-end since the online fine-tuning procedure is not integrated into the offline training of the network. <br />To address these issues, we propose a network architecture that learns a powerful representation of the target and background appearance in a single forward pass. The introduced appearance module learns a probabilistic generative model of target and background feature distributions. Given a new image, it predicts the posterior class probabilities, providing a highly discriminative cue, which is processed in later network modules. Both the learning and prediction stages of our appearance module are fully differentiable, enabling true end-to-end training of the entire segmentation pipeline. Comprehensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach on three video object segmentation benchmarks. We close the gap to approaches based on online fine-tuning on DAVIS17, while operating at 15 FPS on a single GPU. Furthermore, our method outperforms all published approaches on the large-scale YouTube-VOS dataset. 
### 10.Escaping Plato&#39;s Cave using Adversarial Training: 3D Shape From Unstructured 2D Image Collections  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11606.pdf)
>  We develop PlatonicGAN to discover 3D structure of an object class from an unstructured collection of 2D images. The key idea is to learn a deep neural network that generates 3D shapes that are never objectionable to a discriminator looking only at its 2D projections, i.e. renderings of the generated volumes. Using such a 2D instead of a 3D discriminator allows tapping into massive 2D image collections instead of relying on much smaller 3D data sets. To establish constraints between 2D image observation and their 3D interpretation we suggest a family of rendering layers that are effectively back-propagatable. This family includes visual hull, absorption-only (akin to x-ray), and emission-absorption (that can resolve occlusion if multiple 3D points project to the same 2D pixel). These layers are studied both on synthetic and real data in an application to reconstruct of 3D shape from 2D images. 
### 11.Exploring Hypergraph Representation on Face Anti-spoofing Beyond 2D Attacks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11594.pdf)
>  Face anti-spoofing plays a crucial role in protecting face recognition systems from various attacks. Previous model-based and deep learning approaches achieve satisfactory performance for 2D face spoofs, but remain limited for more advanced 3D attacks such as vivid masks. In this paper, we address 3D face anti-spoofing via the proposed Hypergraph Convolutional Neural Networks (HGCNN). Firstly, we construct a computation-efficient and posture-invariant face representation with only a few key points on hypergraphs. The hypergraph representation is then fed into the designed HGCNN with hypergraph convolution for feature extraction, while the depth auxiliary is also exploited for 3D mask anti-spoofing. Further, we build a 3D face attack database with color, depth and infrared light information to overcome the deficiency of 3D face anti-spoofing data. Experiments show that our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance over widely used 3D and 2D databases as well as the proposed one under various tests. 
### 12.Continuous Trade-off Optimization between Fast and Accurate Deep Face Detectors  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11582.pdf)
>  Although deep neural networks offer better face detection results than shallow or handcrafted models, their complex architectures come with higher computational requirements and slower inference speeds than shallow neural networks. In this context, we study five straightforward approaches to achieve an optimal trade-off between accuracy and speed in face detection. All the approaches are based on separating the test images in two batches, an easy batch that is fed to a faster face detector and a difficult batch that is fed to a more accurate yet slower detector. We conduct experiments on the AFW and the FDDB data sets, using MobileNet-SSD as the fast face detector and S3FD (Single Shot Scale-invariant Face Detector) as the accurate face detector, both models being pre-trained on the WIDER FACE data set. Our experiments show that the proposed difficulty metrics compare favorably to a random split of the images. 
### 13.Automatic Liver Segmentation with Adversarial Loss and Convolutional Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11566.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation of medical images is among most demanded works in the medical information field since it saves time of the experts in the field and avoids human error factors. In this work, a method based on Conditional Adversarial Networks and Fully Convolutional Networks is proposed for the automatic segmentation of the liver MRIs. The proposed method, without any post-processing, is achieved the second place in the SIU Liver Segmentation Challenge 2018, data of which is provided by Dokuz Eylül University. In this paper, some improvements for the post-processing step are also proposed and it is shown that with these additions, the method outperforms other baseline methods. 
### 14.Strike (with) a Pose: Neural Networks Are Easily Fooled by Strange Poses of Familiar Objects  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11553.pdf)
>  Despite excellent performance on stationary test sets, deep neural networks (DNNs) can fail to generalize to out-of-distribution (OoD) inputs, including natural, non-adversarial ones, which are common in real-world settings. In this paper, we present a framework for discovering DNN failures that harnesses 3D renderers and 3D models. That is, we estimate the parameters of a 3D renderer that cause a target DNN to misbehave in response to the rendered image. Using our framework and a self-assembled dataset of 3D objects, we investigate the vulnerability of DNNs to OoD poses of well-known objects in ImageNet. For objects that are readily recognized by DNNs in their canonical poses, DNNs incorrectly classify 97% of their pose space. In addition, DNNs are highly sensitive to slight pose perturbations. Importantly, adversarial poses transfer across models and datasets. We find that 99.9% and 99.4% of the poses misclassified by Inception-v3 also transfer to the AlexNet and ResNet-50 image classifiers trained on the same ImageNet dataset, respectively, and 75.5% transfer to the YOLOv3 object detector trained on MS COCO. 
### 15.Multi-granularity Generator for Temporal Action Proposal  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11524.pdf)
>  Temporal action proposal generation is an important task, aiming to localize the video segments containing human actions in an untrimmed video. In this paper, we propose a multi-granularity generator (MGG) to perform the temporal action proposal from different granularity perspectives, relying on the video visual features equipped with the position embedding information. First, we propose to use a bilinear matching model to exploit the rich local information within the video sequence. Afterwards, two components, namely segment proposal generator (SPG) and frame actionness generator (FAG), are combined to perform the task of temporal action proposal at two distinct granularities. SPG considers the whole video in the form of feature pyramid and generates segment proposals from one coarse perspective, while FAG carries out a finer actionness evaluation for each video frame. Our proposed MGG can be trained in an end-to-end fashion. Through temporally adjusting the segment proposals with fine-grained information based on frame actionness, MGG achieves the superior performance over state-of-the-art methods on the public THUMOS-14 and ActivityNet-1.3 datasets. Moreover, we employ existing action classifiers to perform the classification of the proposals generated by MGG, leading to significant improvements compared against the competing methods for the video detection task. 
### 16.Identity Preserving Generative Adversarial Network for Cross-Domain Person Re-identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11510.pdf)
>  Person re-identification is to retrieval pedestrian images from no-overlap camera views detected by pedestrian detectors. Most existing person re-identification (re-ID) models often fail to generalize well from the source domain where the models are trained to a new target domain without labels, because of the bias between the source and target domain. This issue significantly limits the scalability and usability of the models in the real world. Providing a labeled source training set and an unlabeled target training set, the aim of this paper is to improve the generalization ability of re-ID models to the target domain. To this end, we propose an image generative network named identity preserving generative adversarial network (IPGAN). The proposed method has two excellent properties: 1) only a single model is employed to translate the labeled images from the source domain to the target camera domains in an unsupervised manner; 2) The identity information of images from the source domain is preserved before and after translation. Furthermore, we propose IBN-reID model for the person re-identification task. It has better generalization ability than baseline models, especially in the cases without any domain adaptation. The IBN-reID model is trained on the translated images by supervised methods. Experimental results on Market-1501 and DukeMTMC-reID show that the images generated by IPGAN are more suitable for cross-domain person re-identification. Very competitive re-ID accuracy is achieved by our method. 
### 17.One-Shot Instance Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11507.pdf)
>  We tackle one-shot visual search by example for arbitrary object categories: Given an example image of a novel reference object, find and segment all object instances of the same category within a scene. To address this problem, we propose Siamese Mask R-CNN. It extends Mask R-CNN by a Siamese backbone encoding both reference image and scene, allowing it to target detection and segmentation towards the reference category. We use Siamese Mask R-CNN to perform one-shot instance segmentation on MS-COCO, demonstrating that it can detect and segment objects of novel categories it was not trained on, and without using mask annotations at test time. Our results highlight challenges of the one-shot setting: while transferring knowledge about instance segmentation to novel object categories not used during training works very well, targeting the detection and segmentation networks towards the reference category appears to be more difficult. Our work provides a first strong baseline for one-shot instance segmentation and will hopefully inspire further research in this relatively unexplored field. 
### 18.Fixed-length Bit-string Representation of Fingerprint by Normalized Local Structures  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11489.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a method to represent a fingerprint image by an ordered, fixed-length bit-string providing improved accuracy performance, faster matching time and compressibility. First, we devise a novel minutia-based local structure modeled by a mixture of 2D elliptical Gaussian functions in the pixel space. Each local structure is mapped to the Euclidean space by normalizing the local structure with the number of minutiae that associates to it. This simple yet crucial crux enables fast dissimilarity computation of two local structures with Euclidean distance without distortion. A complementary texture-based local structure to the minutia-based local structure is also introduced whereby both can be compressed via principal component analysis and fused easily in the Euclidean space. The fused local structure is then converted to a K-bit ordered string via a K-means clustering algorithm. This chain of computation with sole use of Euclidean distance is vital for speedy and discriminative bit-string conversion. The accuracy can be further improved by a finger-specific bit-training algorithm in which two criteria are leveraged to select useful bit positions for matching. Experiments are performed on Fingerprint Verification Competition (FVC) databases for comparison with existing techniques to show the superiority of the proposed method. 
### 19.Image Reconstruction with Predictive Filter Flow  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11482.pdf)
>  We propose a simple, interpretable framework for solving a wide range of image reconstruction problems such as denoising and deconvolution. Given a corrupted input image, the model synthesizes a spatially varying linear filter which, when applied to the input image, reconstructs the desired output. The model parameters are learned using supervised or self-supervised training. We test this model on three tasks: non-uniform motion blur removal, lossy-compression artifact reduction and single image super resolution. We demonstrate that our model substantially outperforms state-of-the-art methods on all these tasks and is significantly faster than optimization-based approaches to deconvolution. Unlike models that directly predict output pixel values, the predicted filter flow is controllable and interpretable, which we demonstrate by visualizing the space of predicted filters for different tasks. 
### 20.Coordinate-based Texture Inpainting for Pose-Guided Image Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11459.pdf)
>  We present a new deep learning approach to pose-guided resynthesis of human photographs. At the heart of the new approach is the estimation of the complete body surface texture based on a single photograph. Since the input photograph always observes only a part of the surface, we suggest a new inpainting method that completes the texture of the human body. Rather than working directly with colors of texture elements, the inpainting network estimates an appropriate source location in the input image for each element of the body surface. This correspondence field between the input image and the texture is then further warped into the target image coordinate frame based on the desired pose, effectively establishing the correspondence between the source and the target view even when the pose change is drastic. The final convolutional network then uses the established correspondence and all other available information to synthesize the output image using a fully-convolutional architecture with deformable convolutions. We show the state-of-the-art result for pose-guided image synthesis. Additionally, we demonstrate the performance of our system for garment transfer and pose-guided face resynthesis. 
### 21.CrowdCam: Dynamic Region Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11455.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of segmenting dynamic regions in CrowdCam images, where a dynamic region is the projection of a moving 3D object on the image plane. Quite often, these regions are the most interesting parts of an image. CrowdCam images is a set of images of the same dynamic event, captured by a group of non-collaborating users. Almost every event of interest today is captured this way. This new type of images raises the need to develop new algorithms tailored specifically for it. We propose an algorithm that segments the dynamic regions in CrowdCam images. The proposed algorithm combines cues that are based on geometry, appearance and proximity. First, geometric reasoning is used to produce rough score maps that determine, for every pixel, how likely it is to be the projection of a static or dynamic scene point. These maps are noisy because CrowdCam images are usually few and far apart both in space and in time. Then, we use similarity in appearance space and proximity in the image plane to encourage neighboring pixels to be labeled similarly as either static or dynamic. We define an objective function that combines all the cues and solves it using an MRF solver. The proposed method was tested on publicly available CrowdCam datasets, as well as a new and challenging dataset we collected. Our results are better than the current state-of-the-art. 
### 22.Neural Sign Language Translation based on Human Keypoint Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11436.pdf)
>  We propose a sign language translation system based on human keypoint estimation. It is well-known that many problems in the field of computer vision require a massive amount of dataset to train deep neural network models. The situation is even worse when it comes to the sign language translation problem as it is far more difficult to collect high-quality training data. In this paper, we introduce the KETI sign language dataset which consists of 11,578 videos of high resolution and quality. Considering the fact that each country has a different and unique sign language, the KETI sign language dataset can be the starting line for further research on the Korean sign language translation. <br />Using the KETI sign language dataset, we develop a neural network model for translating sign videos into natural language sentences by utilizing the human keypoints extracted from a face, hands, and body parts. The obtained human keypoint vector is normalized by the mean and standard deviation of the keypoints and used as input to our translation model based on the sequence-to-sequence architecture. As a result, we show that our approach is robust even when the size of the training data is not sufficient. Our translation model achieves 94.6% (60.6%, respectively) translation accuracy on the validation set (test set, respectively) for 105 sentences that can be used in emergency situations. We compare several types of our neural sign translation models based on different attention mechanisms in terms of classical metrics for measuring the translation performance. 
### 23.ESPNetv2: A Light-weight, Power Efficient, and General Purpose Convolutional Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11431.pdf)
>  We introduce a light-weight, power efficient, and general purpose convolutional neural network, ESPNetv2, for modeling visual and sequential data. Our network uses group point-wise and depth-wise dilated separable convolutions to learn representations from a large effective receptive field with fewer FLOPs and parameters. The performance of our network is evaluated on three different tasks: (1) object classification, (2) semantic segmentation, and (3) language modeling. Experiments on these tasks, including image classification on the ImageNet and language modeling on the PenTree bank dataset, demonstrate the superior performance of our method over the state-of-the-art methods. Our network has better generalization properties than ShuffleNetv2 when tested on the MSCOCO multi-object classification task and the Cityscapes urban scene semantic segmentation task. Our experiments show that ESPNetv2 is much more power efficient than existing state-of-the-art efficient methods including ShuffleNets and MobileNets. Our code is open-source and available at \url{<a href="https://github.com/sacmehta/ESPNetv2">this https URL</a>} 
### 24.MeshNet: Mesh Neural Network for 3D Shape Representation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11424.pdf)
>  Mesh is an important and powerful type of data for 3D shapes and widely studied in the field of computer vision and computer graphics. Regarding the task of 3D shape representation, there have been extensive research efforts concentrating on how to represent 3D shapes well using volumetric grid, multi-view and point cloud. However, there is little effort on using mesh data in recent years, due to the complexity and irregularity of mesh data. In this paper, we propose a mesh neural network, named MeshNet, to learn 3D shape representation from mesh data. In this method, face-unit and feature splitting are introduced, and a general architecture with available and effective blocks are proposed. In this way, MeshNet is able to solve the complexity and irregularity problem of mesh and conduct 3D shape representation well. We have applied the proposed MeshNet method in the applications of 3D shape classification and retrieval. Experimental results and comparisons with the state-of-the-art methods demonstrate that the proposed MeshNet can achieve satisfying 3D shape classification and retrieval performance, which indicates the effectiveness of the proposed method on 3D shape representation. 
### 25.Spectral Feature Transformation for Person Re-identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11405.pdf)
>  With the surge of deep learning techniques, the field of person re-identification has witnessed rapid progress in recent years. Deep learning based methods focus on learning a feature space where samples are clustered compactly according to their corresponding identities. Most existing methods rely on powerful CNNs to transform the samples individually. In contrast, we propose to consider the sample relations in the transformation. To achieve this goal, we incorporate spectral clustering technique into CNN. We derive a novel module named Spectral Feature Transformation and seamlessly integrate it into existing CNN pipeline with negligible cost,which makes our method enjoy the best of two worlds. Empirical studies show that the proposed approach outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods on four public benchmarks by a considerable margin without bells and whistles. 
### 26.DeepMapping: Unsupervised Map Estimation From Multiple Point Clouds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11397.pdf)
>  We propose DeepMapping, a novel registration framework using deep neural networks (DNNs) as auxiliary functions to align multiple point clouds from scratch to a globally consistent frame. We use DNNs to model the highly non-convex mapping process that traditionally involves hand-crafted data association, sensor pose initialization, and global refinement. Our key novelty is that properly defining unsupervised losses to &#34;train&#34; these DNNs through back-propagation is equivalent to solving the underlying registration problem, yet enables fewer dependencies on good initialization as required by ICP. Our framework contains two DNNs: a localization network that estimates the poses for input point clouds, and a map network that models the scene structure by estimating the occupancy status of global coordinates. This allows us to convert the registration problem to a binary occupancy classification, which can be solved efficiently using gradient-based optimization. We further show that DeepMapping can be readily extended to address the problem of Lidar SLAM by imposing geometric constraints between consecutive point clouds. Experiments are conducted on both simulated and real datasets. Qualitative and quantitative comparisons demonstrate that DeepMapping often enables more robust and accurate global registration of multiple point clouds than existing techniques. Our code is available at <a href="http://ai4ce.github.io/DeepMapping/">this http URL</a>. 
### 27.Image Generation from Layout  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11389.pdf)
>  Despite significant recent progress on generative models, controlled generation of images depicting multiple and complex object layouts is still a difficult problem. Among the core challenges are the diversity of appearance a given object may possess and, as a result, exponential set of images consistent with a specified layout. To address these challenges, we propose a novel approach for layout-based image generation; we call it Layout2Im. Given the coarse spatial layout (bounding boxes + object categories), our model can generate a set of realistic images which have the correct objects in the desired locations. The representation of each object is disentangled into a specified/certain part (category) and an unspecified/uncertain part (appearance). The category is encoded using a word embedding and the appearance is distilled into a low-dimensional vector sampled from a normal distribution. Individual object representations are composed together using convolutional LSTM, to obtain an encoding of the complete layout, and then decoded to an image. Several loss terms are introduced to encourage accurate and diverse generation. The proposed Layout2Im model significantly outperforms the previous state of the art, boosting the best reported inception score by 24.66% and 28.57% on the very challenging COCO-Stuff and Visual Genome datasets, respectively. Extensive experiments also demonstrate our method&#39;s ability to generate complex and diverse images with multiple objects. 
### 28.Self-supervised Spatiotemporal Feature Learning by Video Geometric Transformations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11387.pdf)
>  To alleviate the expensive cost of data collection and annotation, many self-supervised learning methods were proposed to learn image representations without human-labeled annotations. However, self-supervised learning for video representations is not yet well-addressed. In this paper, we propose a novel 3DConvNet-based fully self-supervised framework to learn spatiotemporal video features without using any human-labeled annotations. First, a set of pre-designed geometric transformations (e.g. rotating 0 degree, 90 degrees, 180 degrees, and 270 degrees) are applied to each video. Then a pretext task can be defined as &#34;recognizing the pre-designed geometric transformations.&#34; Therefore, the spatiotemporal video features can be learned in the process of accomplishing this pretext task without using human-labeled annotations. The learned spatiotemporal video representations can further be employed as pretrained features for different video-related applications. The proposed geometric transformations (e.g. rotations) are proved to be effective to learn representative spatiotemporal features in our 3DConvNet-based fully self-supervised framework. With the pre-trained spatiotemporal features from two large video datasets, the performance of action recognition is significantly boosted up by 20.4% on UCF101 dataset and 16.7% on HMDB51 dataset respectively compared to that from the model trained from scratch. Furthermore, our framework outperforms the state-of-the-arts of fully self-supervised methods on both UCF101 and HMDB51 datasets and achieves 62.9% and 33.7% accuracy respectively. 
### 29.Instance-level Sketch-based Retrieval by Deep Triplet Classification Siamese Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11375.pdf)
>  Sketch has been employed as an effective communicative tool to express the abstract and intuitive meanings of object. Recognizing the free-hand sketch drawing is extremely useful in many real-world applications. While content-based sketch recognition has been studied for several decades, the instance-level Sketch-Based Image Retrieval (SBIR) tasks have attracted significant research attention recently. The existing datasets such as QMUL-Chair and QMUL-Shoe, focus on the retrieval tasks of chairs and shoes. However, there are several key limitations in previous instance-level SBIR works. The state-of-the-art works have to heavily rely on the pre-training process, quality of edge maps, multi-cropping testing strategy, and augmenting sketch images. To efficiently solve the instance-level SBIR, we propose a new Deep Triplet Classification Siamese Network (DeepTCNet) which employs DenseNet-169 as the basic feature extractor and is optimized by the triplet loss and classification loss. Critically, our proposed DeepTCNet can break the limitations existed in previous works. The extensive experiments on five benchmark sketch datasets validate the effectiveness of the proposed model. Additionally, to study the tasks of sketch-based hairstyle retrieval, this paper contributes a new instance-level photo-sketch dataset - Hairstyle Photo-Sketch dataset, which is composed of 3600 sketches and photos, and 2400 sketch-photo pairs. 
### 30.Unsupervised Multi-modal Neural Machine Translation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11365.pdf)
>  Unsupervised neural machine translation (UNMT) has recently achieved remarkable results with only large monolingual corpora in each language. However, the uncertainty of associating target with source sentences makes UNMT theoretically an ill-posed problem. This work investigates the possibility of utilizing images for disambiguation to improve the performance of UNMT. Our assumption is intuitively based on the invariant property of image, i.e., the description of the same visual content by different languages should be approximately similar. We propose an unsupervised multi-modal machine translation (UMNMT) framework based on the language translation cycle consistency loss conditional on the image, targeting to learn the bidirectional multi-modal translation simultaneously. Through an alternate training between multi-modal and uni-modal, our inference model can translate with or without the image. On the widely used Multi30K dataset, the experimental results of our approach are significantly better than those of the text-only UNMT on the 2016 test dataset. 
### 31.Future Segmentation Using 3D Structure  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11358.pdf)
>  Predicting the future to anticipate the outcome of events and actions is a critical attribute of autonomous agents; particularly for agents which must rely heavily on real time visual data for decision making. Working towards this capability, we address the task of predicting future frame segmentation from a stream of monocular video by leveraging the 3D structure of the scene. Our framework is based on learnable sub-modules capable of predicting pixel-wise scene semantic labels, depth, and camera ego-motion of adjacent frames. We further propose a recurrent neural network based model capable of predicting future ego-motion trajectory as a function of a series of past ego-motion steps. Ultimately, we observe that leveraging 3D structure in the model facilitates successful prediction, achieving state of the art accuracy in future semantic segmentation. 
### 32.Robust neural circuit reconstruction from serial electron microscopy with convolutional recurrent networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11356.pdf)
>  Recent successes in deep learning have started to impact neuroscience. Of particular significance are claims that current segmentation algorithms achieve &#34;super-human&#34; accuracy in an area known as connectomics. However, as we will show, these algorithms do not effectively generalize beyond the particular source and brain tissues used for training -- severely limiting their usability by the broader neuroscience community. To fill this gap, we describe a novel connectomics challenge for source- and tissue-agnostic reconstruction of neurons (STAR), which favors broad generalization over fitting specific datasets. We first demonstrate that current state-of-the-art approaches to neuron segmentation perform poorly on the challenge. We further describe a novel convolutional recurrent neural network module that combines short-range horizontal connections within a processing stage and long-range top-down connections between stages. The resulting architecture establishes the state of the art on the STAR challenge and represents a significant step towards widely usable and fully-automated connectomics analysis. 
### 33.Deep Reinforcement Learning for Autonomous Driving  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11329.pdf)
>  Reinforcement learning has steadily improved and outperform human in lots of traditional games since the resurgence of deep neural network. However, these success is not easy to be copied to autonomous driving because the state spaces in real world are extreme complex and action spaces are continuous and fine control is required. Moreover, the autonomous driving vehicles must also keep functional safety under the complex environments. To deal with these challenges, we first adopt the deep deterministic policy gradient (DDPG) algorithm, which has the capacity to handle complex state and action spaces in continuous domain. We then choose The Open Racing Car Simulator (TORCS) as our environment to avoid physical damage. Meanwhile, we select a set of appropriate sensor information from TORCS and design our own rewarder. In order to fit DDPG algorithm to TORCS, we design our network architecture for both actor and critic inside DDPG paradigm. To demonstrate the effectiveness of our model, We evaluate on different modes in TORCS and show both quantitative and qualitative results. 
### 34.CyLKs: Unsupervised Cycle Lucas-Kanade Network for Landmark Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11325.pdf)
>  Across a majority of modern learning-based tracking systems, expensive annotations are needed to achieve state-of-the-art performance. In contrast, the Lucas-Kanade (LK) algorithm works well without any annotation. However, LK has a strong assumption of photometric (brightness) consistency on image intensity and is easy to drift because of large motion, occlusion, and aperture problem. To relax the assumption and alleviate the drift problem, we propose CyLKs, a data-driven way of training Lucas-Kanade in an unsupervised manner. CyLKs learns a feature transformation through CNNs, transforming the input images to a feature space which is especially favorable to LK tracking. During training, we perform differentiable Lucas-Kanade forward and backward on the convolutional feature maps, and then minimize the re-projection error. During testing, we perform the LK tracking on the learned features. We apply our model to the task of landmark tracking and perform experiments on datasets of THUMOS, 300VW, and Mugsy. 
### 35.Image Labeling with Markov Random Fields and Conditional Random Fields  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11323.pdf)
>  Most existing methods for object segmentation in computer vision are formulated as a labeling task. This, in general, could be transferred to a pixel-wise label assignment task, which is quite similar to the structure of hidden Markov random field. In terms of Markov random field, each pixel can be regarded as a state and has a transition probability to its neighbor pixel, the label behind each pixel is a latent variable and has an emission probability from its corresponding state. In this paper, we reviewed several modern image labeling methods based on Markov random field and conditional random Field. And we compare the result of these methods with some classical image labeling methods. The experiment demonstrates that the introduction of Markov random field and conditional random field make a big difference in the segmentation result. 
### 36.Deep Regionlets: Blended Representation and Deep Learning for Generic Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11318.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel object detection algorithm named &#34;Deep Regionlets&#34; by integrating deep neural networks and conventional detection schema for accurate generic object detection. Motivated by the advantages of regionlets on modeling object deformation and multiple aspect ratios, we incorporate regionlets into an end-to-end trainable deep learning framework. The deep regionlets framework consists of a region selection network and a deep regionlet learning module. Specifically, given a detection bounding box proposal, the region selection network provides guidance on where to select regions from which features can be learned from. The regionlet learning module focuses on local feature selection and transformation to alleviate the effects of appearance variations. To this end, we first realize non-rectangular region selection within the detection framework to accommodate variations in object appearance. Moreover, we design a &#34;gating network&#34; within the regionlet leaning module to enable soft regionlet selection and pooling. The Deep Regionlets framework is trained end-to-end without additional efforts. We present the results of ablation studies and extensive experiments on PASCAL VOC and Microsoft COCO datasets. The proposed algorithm outperforms state-of-the-art algorithms, such as RetinaNet and Mask R-CNN, even without additional segmentation labels. 
### 37.Skin lesion segmentation using U-Net and good training strategies  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11314.pdf)
>  In this paper we approach the problem of skin lesion segmentation using a convolutional neural network based on the U-Net architecture. We present a set of training strategies that had a significant impact on the performance of this model. We evaluated this method on the ISIC Challenge 2018 - Skin Lesion Analysis Towards Melanoma Detection, obtaining threshold Jaccard index of 77.5%. 
### 38.Universal Adversarial Training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11304.pdf)
>  Standard adversarial attacks change the predicted class label of an image by adding specially tailored small perturbations to its pixels. In contrast, a universal perturbation is an update that can be added to any image in a broad class of images, while still changing the predicted class label. We study the efficient generation of universal adversarial perturbations, and also efficient methods for hardening networks to these attacks. We propose a simple optimization-based universal attack that reduces the top-1 accuracy of various network architectures on ImageNet to less than 20%, while learning the universal perturbation 13X faster than the standard method. To defend against these perturbations, we propose universal adversarial training, which models the problem of robust classifier generation as a two-player min-max game. This method is much faster and more scalable than conventional adversarial training with a strong adversary (PGD), and yet yields models that are extremely resistant to universal attacks, and comparably resistant to standard (per-instance) black box attacks. We also discover a rather fascinating side-effect of universal adversarial training: attacks built for universally robust models transfer better to other (black box) models than those built with conventional adversarial training. 
### 39.Intra-class Variation Isolation in Conditional GANs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11296.pdf)
>  Current state-of-the-art conditional generative adversarial networks (C-GANs) require strong supervision via labeled datasets in order to generate images with continuously adjustable, disentangled semantics. In this paper we introduce a new formulation of the C-GAN that is able to learn realistic models with continuous, semantically meaningful input parameters and which has the advantage of requiring only the weak supervision of binary attribute labels. We coin the method intra-class variation isolation (IVI) and the resulting network the IVI-GAN. The method allows continuous control over the attributes in synthesised images where precise labels are not readily available. For example, given only labels found using a simple classifier of ambient / non-ambient lighting in images, IVI has enabled us to learn a generative face-image model with controllable lighting that is disentangled from other factors in the synthesised images, such as the identity. We evaluate IVI-GAN on the CelebA and CelebA-HQ datasets, learning to disentangle attributes such as lighting, pose, expression and age, and provide a quantitative comparison of IVI-GAN with a classical continuous C-GAN. 
### 40.Patch-based Progressive 3D Point Set Upsampling  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11286.pdf)
>  We present a detail-driven deep neural network for point set upsampling. A high-resolution point set is essential for point-based rendering and surface reconstruction. Inspired by the recent success of neural image super-resolution techniques, we progressively train a cascade of patch-based upsampling networks on different levels of detail end-to-end. We propose a series of architectural design contributions that lead to a substantial performance boost. The effect of each technical contribution is demonstrated in an ablation study. Qualitative and quantitative experiments show that our method significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art learning-based and optimazation-based approaches, both in terms of handling low-resolution inputs and revealing high-fidelity details. 
### 41.A Compact Embedding for Facial Expression Similarity  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11283.pdf)
>  Most of the existing work on automatic facial expression analysis focuses on discrete emotion recognition, or facial action unit detection. However, facial expressions do not always fall neatly into pre-defined semantic categories. Also, the similarity between expressions measured in the action unit space need not correspond to how humans perceive expression similarity. Different from previous work, our goal is to describe facial expressions in a continuous fashion using a compact embedding space that mimics human visual preferences. To achieve this goal, we collect a large-scale faces-in-the-wild dataset with human annotations in the form: Expressions A and B are visually more similar when compared to expression C, and use this dataset to train a neural network that produces a compact (16-dimensional) expression embedding. We experimentally demonstrate that the learned embedding can be successfully used for various applications such as expression retrieval, photo album summarization, and emotion recognition. We also show that the embedding learned using the proposed dataset performs better than several other embeddings learned using existing emotion or action unit datasets. 
### 42.ShelfNet for Real-time Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11254.pdf)
>  In this project, we present ShelfNet, a lightweight convolutional neural network for accurate real-time semantic segmentation. Different from the standard encoder-decoder structure, ShelfNet has multiple encoder-decoder branch pairs with skip connections at each spatial level, which looks like a shelf with multiple columns. The shelf-shaped structure provides multiple paths for information flow and improves segmentation accuracy. Inspired by the success of recurrent convolutional neural networks, we use modified residual blocks where two convolutional layers share weights. The shared-weight block enables efficient feature extraction and model size reduction. We tested ShelfNet with ResNet50 and ResNet101 as the backbone respectively: they achieved 59 FPS and 42 FPS respectively on a GTX 1080Ti GPU with a 512x512 input image. ShelfNet achieved high accuracy: on PASCAL VOC 2012 test set, it achieved 84.2% mIoU with ResNet101 backbone and 82.8% mIoU with ResNet50 backbone; it achieved 75.8% mIoU with ResNet50 backbone on Cityscapes dataset. ShelfNet achieved both higher mIoU and faster inference speed compared with state-of-the-art real-time semantic segmentation models. We provide the implementation <a href="https://github.com/juntang-zhuang/ShelfNet">this https URL</a>. 
### 43.Multiview Supervision By Registration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11251.pdf)
>  This paper presents a semi-supervised learning framework to train a keypoint pose detector using multiview image streams given the limited number of labeled data (typically &lt;4%). We leverage the complementary relationship between multiview geometry and visual tracking to provide three types of supervisionary signals for the unlabeled data: (1) pose detection in one view can be used to supervise that of the other view as they must satisfy the epipolar constraint; (2) pose detection must be temporally coherent in accordance with its optical flow; (3) the occluded keypoint from one view must be consistently invisible from the near views. We formulate the theory of multiview supervision by registration and design a new end-to-end neural network that integrates these supervisionary signals in a differentiable fashion to incorporate the large unlabeled data in pose detector training. The key innovation of the network is the ability to reason about the visibility/occlusion, which is indicative of the degenerate case of detection and tracking. Our resulting pose detector shows considerable outperformance comparing the state-of-the-art pose detectors in terms of accuracy (keypoint detection) and precision (3D reconstruction). We validate our approach with challenging realworld data including the pose detection of non-human species such as monkeys and dogs. 
### 44.eXclusive Autoencoder (XAE) for Nucleus Detection and Classification on Hematoxylin and Eosin (H&amp;E) Stained Histopathological Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11243.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduced a novel feature extraction approach, named exclusive autoencoder (XAE), which is a supervised version of autoencoder (AE), able to largely improve the performance of nucleus detection and classification on hematoxylin and eosin (H&amp;E) histopathological images. The proposed XAE can be used in any AE-based algorithm, as long as the data labels are also provided in the feature extraction phase. In the experiments, we evaluated the performance of an approach which is the combination of an XAE and a fully connected neural network (FCN) and compared with some AE-based methods. For a nucleus detection problem (considered as a nucleus/non-nucleus classification problem) on breast cancer H&amp;E images, the F-score of the proposed XAE+FCN approach achieved 96.64% while the state-of-the-art was at 84.49%. For nucleus classification on colorectal cancer H&amp;E images, with the annotations of four categories of epithelial, inflammatory, fibroblast and miscellaneous nuclei. The F-score of the proposed method reached 70.4%. We also proposed a lymphocyte segmentation method. In the step of lymphocyte detection, we have compared with cutting-edge technology and gained improved performance from 90% to 98.67%. We also proposed an algorithm for lymphocyte segmentation based on nucleus detection and classification. The obtained Dice coefficient achieved 88.31% while the cutting-edge approach was at 74%. 
### 45.A Compositional Textual Model for Recognition of Imperfect Word Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11239.pdf)
>  Printed text recognition is an important problem for industrial OCR systems. Printed text is constructed in a standard procedural fashion in most settings. We develop a mathematical model for this process that can be applied to the backward inference problem of text recognition from an image. Through ablation experiments we show that this model is realistic and that a multi-task objective setting can help to stabilize estimation of its free parameters, enabling use of conventional deep learning methods. Furthermore, by directly modeling the geometric perturbations of text synthesis we show that our model can help recover missing characters from incomplete text regions, the bane of multicomponent OCR systems, enabling recognition even when the detection returns incomplete information. 
### 46.Iterative Transformer Network for 3D Point Cloud  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11209.pdf)
>  3D point cloud is an efficient and flexible representation of 3D structures. Recently, neural networks operating on point clouds have shown superior performance on tasks such as shape classification and part segmentation. However, performance on these tasks are evaluated using complete, aligned shapes, while real world 3D data are partial and unaligned. A key challenge in learning from unaligned point cloud data is how to attain invariance or equivariance with respect to geometric transformations. To address this challenge, we propose a novel transformer network that operates on 3D point clouds, named Iterative Transformer Network (IT-Net). Different from existing transformer networks, IT-Net predicts a 3D rigid transformation using an iterative refinement scheme inspired by classical image and point cloud alignment algorithms. We demonstrate that models using IT-Net achieves superior performance over baselines on the classification and segmentation of partial, unaligned 3D shapes. Further, we provide an analysis on the efficacy of the iterative refinement scheme on estimating accurate object poses from partial observations. 
### 47.GaterNet: Dynamic Filter Selection in Convolutional Neural Network via a Dedicated Global Gating Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11205.pdf)
>  The concept of conditional computation for deep nets has been proposed previously to improve model performance by selectively using only parts of the model conditioned on the sample it is processing. In this paper, we investigate input-dependent dynamic filter selection in deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs). The problem is interesting because the idea of forcing different parts of the model to learn from different types of samples may help us acquire better filters in CNNs, improve the model generalization performance and potentially increase the interpretability of model behavior. We propose a novel yet simple framework called GaterNet, which involves a backbone and a gater network. The backbone network is a regular CNN that performs the major computation needed for making a prediction, while a global gater network is introduced to generate binary gates for selectively activating filters in the backbone network based on each input. Extensive experiments on CIFAR and ImageNet datasets show that our models consistently outperform the original models with a large margin. On CIFAR-10, our model also improves upon state-of-the-art results. 
### 48.Scan2CAD: Learning CAD Model Alignment in RGB-D Scans  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11187.pdf)
>  We present Scan2CAD, a novel data-driven method that learns to align clean 3D CAD models from a shape database to the noisy and incomplete geometry of a commodity RGB-D scan. For a 3D reconstruction of an indoor scene, our method takes as input a set of CAD models, and predicts a 9DoF pose that aligns each model to the underlying scan geometry. To tackle this problem, we create a new scan-to-CAD alignment dataset based on 1506 ScanNet scans with 97607 annotated keypoint pairs between 14225 CAD models from ShapeNet and their counterpart objects in the scans. Our method selects a set of representative keypoints in a 3D scan for which we find correspondences to the CAD geometry. To this end, we design a novel 3D CNN architecture that learns a joint embedding between real and synthetic objects, and from this predicts a correspondence heatmap. Based on these correspondence heatmaps, we formulate a variational energy minimization that aligns a given set of CAD models to the reconstruction. We evaluate our approach on our newly introduced Scan2CAD benchmark where we outperform both handcrafted feature descriptor as well as state-of-the-art CNN based methods by 21.39%. 
### 49.WaveletNet: Logarithmic Scale Efficient Convolutional Neural Networks for Edge Devices  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11644.pdf)
>  We present a logarithmic-scale efficient convolutional neural network architecture for edge devices, named WaveletNet. Our model is based on the well-known depthwise convolution, and on two new layers, which we introduce in this work: a wavelet convolution and a depthwise fast wavelet transform. By breaking the symmetry in channel dimensions and applying a fast algorithm, WaveletNet shrinks the complexity of convolutional blocks by an O(logD/D) factor, where D is the number of channels. Experiments on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet classification show superior and comparable performances of WaveletNet compared to state-of-the-art models such as MobileNetV2. 
### 50.Isospectralization, or how to hear shape, style, and correspondence  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11465.pdf)
>  The question whether one can recover the shape of a geometric object from its Laplacian spectrum (`hear the shape of the drum&#39;) is a classical problem in spectral geometry with a broad range of implications and applications. While theoretically the answer to this question is negative (there exist examples of iso-spectral but non-isometric manifolds), little is known about the practical possibility of using the spectrum for shape reconstruction and optimization. In this paper, we introduce a numerical procedure called {\em isospectralization}, consisting of deforming one shape to make its Laplacian spectrum match that of another. We implement the isospectralization procedure using modern differentiable programming techniques and exemplify its applications in some of the classical and notoriously hard problems in geometry processing, computer vision, and graphics such as shape reconstruction, pose and style transfer, and dense deformable correspondence. 
### 51.Formal Verification of CNN-based Perception Systems  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11373.pdf)
>  We address the problem of verifying neural-based perception systems implemented by convolutional neural networks. We define a notion of local robustness based on affine and photometric transformations. We show the notion cannot be captured by previously employed notions of robustness. The method proposed is based on reachability analysis for feed-forward neural networks and relies on MILP encodings of both the CNNs and transformations under question. We present an implementation and discuss the experimental results obtained for a CNN trained from the MNIST data set. 
### 52.Generalizing semi-supervised generative adversarial networks to regression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11269.pdf)
>  In this work, we generalize semi-supervised generative adversarial networks (GANs) from classification problems to regression problems. In the last few years, the importance of improving the training of neural networks using semi-supervised training has been demonstrated for classification problems. With probabilistic classification being a subset of regression problems, this generalization opens up many new possibilities for the use of semi-supervised GANs as well as presenting an avenue for a deeper understanding of how they function. We first demonstrate the capabilities of semi-supervised regression GANs on a toy dataset which allows for a detailed understanding of how they operate in various circumstances. This toy dataset is used to provide a theoretical basis of the semi-supervised regression GAN. We then apply the semi-supervised regression GANs to the real-world application of age estimation from single images. We perform extensive tests of what accuracies can be achieved with significantly reduced annotated data. Through the combination of the theoretical example and real-world scenario, we demonstrate how semi-supervised GANs can be generalized to regression problems. 
### 53.CT organ segmentation using GPU data augmentation, unsupervised labels and IOU loss  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11226.pdf)
>  Fully-convolutional neural networks have achieved superior performance in a variety of image segmentation tasks. However, their training requires laborious manual annotation of large datasets, as well as acceleration by parallel processors with high-bandwidth memory, such as GPUs. We show that simple models can achieve competitive accuracy for organ segmentation on CT images when trained with extensive data augmentation, which leverages existing graphics hardware to quickly apply geometric and photometric transformations to 3D image data. On 3 mm^3 CT volumes, our GPU implementation is 2.6-8X faster than a widely-used CPU version, including communication overhead. We also show how to automatically generate training labels using rudimentary morphological operations, which are efficiently computed by 3D Fourier transforms. We combined fully-automatic labels for the lungs and bone with semi-automatic ones for the liver, kidneys and bladder, to create a dataset of 130 labeled CT scans. To achieve the best results from data augmentation, our model uses the intersection-over-union (IOU) loss function, a close relative of the Dice loss. We discuss its mathematical properties and explain why it outperforms the usual weighted cross-entropy loss for unbalanced segmentation tasks. We conclude that there is no unique IOU loss function, as the naive one belongs to a broad family of functions with the same essential properties. When combining data augmentation with the IOU loss, our model achieves a Dice score of 78-92% for each organ. The trained model, code and dataset will be made publicly available, to further medical imaging research. 
### 54.Self-Supervised Generative Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.11212.pdf)
>  Conditional GANs are at the forefront of natural image synthesis. The main drawback of such models is the necessity for labelled data. In this work we exploit two popular unsupervised learning techniques, adversarial training and self-supervision, to close the gap between conditional and unconditional GANs. In particular, we allow the networks to collaborate on the task of representation learning, while being adversarial with respect to the classic GAN game. The role of self-supervision is to encourage the discriminator to learn meaningful feature representations which are not forgotten during training. We test empirically both the quality of the learned image representations, and the quality of the synthesized images. Under the same conditions, the self-supervised GAN attains a similar performance to state-of-the-art conditional counterparts. Finally, we show that this approach to fully unsupervised learning can be scaled to attain an FID of 33 on unconditional ImageNet generation. 
