# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 27 Nov 2018
### 1.GAN Dissection: Visualizing and Understanding Generative Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10597.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have recently achieved impressive results for many real-world applications, and many GAN variants have emerged with improvements in sample quality and training stability. However, visualization and understanding of GANs is largely missing. How does a GAN represent our visual world internally? What causes the artifacts in GAN results? How do architectural choices affect GAN learning? Answering such questions could enable us to develop new insights and better models. <br />In this work, we present an analytic framework to visualize and understand GANs at the unit-, object-, and scene-level. We first identify a group of interpretable units that are closely related to object concepts with a segmentation-based network dissection method. Then, we quantify the causal effect of interpretable units by measuring the ability of interventions to control objects in the output. Finally, we examine the contextual relationship between these units and their surrounding by inserting the discovered object concepts into new images. We show several practical applications enabled by our framework, from comparing internal representations across different layers, models, and datasets, to improving GANs by locating and removing artifact-causing units, to interactively manipulating objects in the scene. We provide open source interpretation tools to help peer researchers and practitioners better understand their GAN models. 
### 2.Visual Entailment Task for Visually-Grounded Language Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10582.pdf)
>  We introduce a new inference task - Visual Entailment (VE) - which differs from traditional Textual Entailment (TE) tasks whereby a premise is defined by an image, rather than a natural language sentence as in TE tasks. A novel dataset SNLI-VE is proposed for VE tasks based on the Stanford Natural Language Inference corpus and Flickr30K. We introduce a differentiable architecture called the Explainable Visual Entailment model (EVE) to tackle the VE problem. EVE and several other state-of-the-art visual question answering (VQA) based models are evaluated on the SNLI-VE dataset, facilitating grounded language understanding and providing insights on how modern VQA based models perform. 
### 3.Stacked Spatio-Temporal Graph Convolutional Networks for Action Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10575.pdf)
>  We propose novel Stacked Spatio-Temporal Graph Convolutional Networks (Stacked-STGCN) for action segmentation, i.e., predicting and localizing a sequence of actions over long videos. We extend the Spatio-Temporal Graph Convolutional Network (STGCN) originally proposed for skeleton-based action recognition to enable nodes with different characteristics (e.g., scene, actor, object, action, etc.), feature descriptors with varied lengths, and arbitrary temporal edge connections to account for large graph deformation commonly associated with complex activities. We further introduce the stacked hourglass architecture to STGCN to leverage the advantages of an encoder-decoder design for improved generalization performance and localization accuracy. We explore various descriptors such as frame-level VGG, segment-level I3D, RCNN-based object, etc. as node descriptors to enable action segmentation based on joint inference over comprehensive contextual information. We show results on CAD120 (which provides pre-computed node features and edge weights for fair performance comparison across algorithms) as well as a more complex real-world activity dataset, Charades. Our Stacked-STGCN in general achieves 4.1% performance improvement over the best reported results in F1 score on CAD120 and 1.3% in mAP on Charades using VGG features. 
### 4.Convolutional Neural Networks Deceived by Visual Illusions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10565.pdf)
>  Visual illusions teach us that what we see is not always what it is represented in the physical world. Its special nature make them a fascinating tool to test and validate any new vision model proposed. In general, current vision models are based on the concatenation of linear convolutions and non-linear operations. In this paper we get inspiration from the similarity of this structure with the operations present in Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). This motivated us to study if CNNs trained for low-level visual tasks are deceived by visual illusions. In particular, we show that CNNs trained for image denoising, image deblurring, and computational color constancy are able to replicate the human response to visual illusions, and that the extent of this replication varies with respect to variation in architecture and spatial pattern size. We believe that this CNNs behaviour appears as a by-product of the training for the low level vision tasks of denoising, color constancy or deblurring. Our work opens a new bridge between human perception and CNNs: in order to obtain CNNs that better replicate human behaviour, we may need to start aiming for them to better replicate visual illusions. 
### 5.Low-Dose CT via Deep CNN with Skip Connection and Network in Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10564.pdf)
>  A major challenge in computed tomography (CT) is how to minimize patient radiation exposure without compromising image quality and diagnostic performance. The use of deep convolutional (Conv) neural networks for noise reduction in Low-Dose CT (LDCT) images has recently shown a great potential in this important application. In this paper, we present a highly efficient and effective neural network model for LDCT image noise reduction. Specifically, to capture local anatomical features we integrate Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and Skip connection layers for feature extraction. Also, we introduce parallelized $1\times 1$ CNN, called Network in Network, to lower the dimensionality of the output from the previous layer, achieving faster computational speed at less feature loss. To optimize the performance of the network, we adopt a Wasserstein generative adversarial network (WGAN) framework. Quantitative and qualitative comparisons demonstrate that our proposed network model can produce images with lower noise and more structural details than state-of-the-art noise-reduction methods. 
### 6.Leveraging Filter Correlations for Deep Model Compression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10559.pdf)
>  We present a filter correlation based model compression approach for deep convolutional neural networks. Our approach iteratively identifies pairs of filters with largest pairwise correlations and discards one of the filters from each such pair. However, instead of discarding one of the filter from such pairs naïvely, we further optimize the model so that the two filters from each such pair are as highly correlated as possible so that discarding one of the filters from the pairs results in as little information loss as possible. After discarding the filters in each round, we further finetune the model to recover from the potential small loss incurred by the compression. We evaluate our proposed approach using a comprehensive set of experiments and ablation studies. Our compression method yields state-of-the-art FLOPs compression rates on various benchmarks, such as LeNet-5, VGG-16, and ResNet-50,56, which are still achieving excellent predictive performance for tasks such as object detection on benchmark datasets. 
### 7.Similarity-preserving Image-image Domain Adaptation for Person Re-identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10551.pdf)
>  This article studies the domain adaptation problem in person re-identification (re-ID) under a &#34;learning via translation&#34; framework, consisting of two components, 1) translating the labeled images from the source to the target domain in an unsupervised manner, 2) learning a re-ID model using the translated images. The objective is to preserve the underlying human identity information after image translation, so that translated images with labels are effective for feature learning on the target domain. To this end, we propose a similarity preserving generative adversarial network (SPGAN) and its end-to-end trainable version, eSPGAN. Both aiming at similarity preserving, SPGAN enforces this property by heuristic constraints, while eSPGAN does so by optimally facilitating the re-ID model learning. More specifically, SPGAN separately undertakes the two components in the &#34;learning via translation&#34; framework. It first preserves two types of unsupervised similarity, namely, self-similarity of an image before and after translation, and domain-dissimilarity of a translated source image and a target image. It then learns a re-ID model using existing networks. In comparison, eSPGAN seamlessly integrates image translation and re-ID model learning. During the end-to-end training of eSPGAN, re-ID learning guides image translation to preserve the underlying identity information of an image. Meanwhile, image translation improves re-ID learning by providing identity-preserving training samples of the target domain style. In the experiment, we show that identities of the fake images generated by SPGAN and eSPGAN are well preserved. Based on this, we report the new state-of-the-art domain adaptation results on two large-scale person re-ID datasets. 
### 8.Higher-order Projected Power Iterations for Scalable Multi-Matching  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10541.pdf)
>  The matching of multiple objects (e.g. shapes or images) is a fundamental problem in vision and graphics. In order to robustly handle ambiguities, noise and repetitive patterns in challenging real-world settings, it is essential to take geometric consistency between points into account. Computationally, the multi-matching problem is difficult. It can be phrased as simultaneously solving multiple (NP-hard) quadratic assignment problems (QAPs) that are coupled via cycle-consistency constraints. The main limitations of existing multi-matching methods are that they either ignore geometric consistency and thus have limited robustness, or they are restricted to small-scale problems due to their (relatively) high computational cost. We address these shortcomings by introducing a Higher-order Projected Power Iteration method, which is (i) efficient and scales to tens of thousands of points, (ii) straightforward to implement, (iii) able to incorporate geometric consistency, and (iv) guarantees cycle-consistent multi-matchings. Experimentally we show that our approach is superior to existing methods. 
### 9.Scene Categorization from Contours: Medial Axis Based Salience Measures  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10524.pdf)
>  The computer vision community has witnessed recent advances in scene categorization from images, with the state-of-the art systems now achieving impressive recognition rates on challenging benchmarks such as the Places365 dataset. Such systems have been trained on photographs which include color, texture and shading cues. The geometry of shapes and surfaces, as conveyed by scene contours, is not explicitly considered for this task. Remarkably, humans can accurately recognize natural scenes from line drawings, which consist solely of contour-based shape cues. Here we report the first computer vision study on scene categorization of line drawings derived from popular databases including an artist scene database, MIT67, and Places365. Specifically, we use off-the-shelf pre-trained CNNs to perform scene classification given only contour information as input and find performance levels well above chance. We also show that medial-axis based contour salience methods can be used to select more informative subsets of contour pixels and that the variation in CNN classification performance on various choices for these subsets is qualitatively similar to that observed in human performance. Moreover, when the salience measures are used to weight the contours, as opposed to pruning them, we find that these weights boost our CNN performance above that for unweighted contour input. That is, the medial axis based salience weights appear to add useful information that is not available when CNNs are trained to use contours alone. 
### 10.Predicting Language Recovery after Stroke with Convolutional Networks on Stitched MRI  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10520.pdf)
>  One third of stroke survivors have language difficulties. Emerging evidence suggests that their likelihood of recovery depends mainly on the damage to language centers. Thus previous research for predicting language recovery post-stroke has focused on identifying damaged regions of the brain. In this paper, we introduce a novel method where we only make use of stitched 2-dimensional cross-sections of raw MRI scans in a deep convolutional neural network setup to predict language recovery post-stroke. Our results show: a) the proposed model that only uses MRI scans has comparable performance to models that are dependent on lesion specific information; b) the features learned by our model are complementary to the lesion specific information and the combination of both appear to outperform previously reported results in similar settings. We further analyse the CNN model for understanding regions in brain that are responsible for arriving at these predictions using gradient based saliency maps. Our findings are in line with previous lesion studies. 
### 11.Unsupervised 3D Shape Learning from Image Collections in the Wild  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10519.pdf)
>  We present a method to learn the 3D surface of objects directly from a collection of images. Previous work achieved this capability by exploiting additional manual annotation, such as object pose, 3D surface templates, temporal continuity of videos, manually selected landmarks, and foreground/background masks. In contrast, our method does not make use of any such annotation. Rather, it builds a generative model, a convolutional neural network, which, given a noise vector sample, outputs the 3D surface and texture of an object and a background image. These 3 components combined with an additional random viewpoint vector are then fed to a differential renderer to produce a view of the sampled object and background. Our general principle is that if the output of the renderer, the generated image, is realistic, then its input, the generated 3D and texture, should also be realistic. To achieve realism, the generative model is trained adversarially against a discriminator that tries to distinguish between the output of the renderer and real images from the given data set. Moreover, our generative model can be paired with an encoder and trained as an autoencoder, to automatically extract the 3D shape, texture and pose of the object in an image. Our trained generative model and encoder show promising results both on real and synthetic data, which demonstrate for the first time that fully unsupervised 3D learning from image collections is possible. 
### 12.Deep Network Interpolation for Continuous Imagery Effect Transition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10515.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural network has demonstrated its capability of learning a deterministic mapping for the desired imagery effect. However, the large variety of user flavors motivates the possibility of continuous transition among different output effects. Unlike existing methods that require a specific design to achieve one particular transition (e.g., style transfer), we propose a simple yet universal approach to attain a smooth control of diverse imagery effects in many low-level vision tasks, including image restoration, image-to-image translation, and style transfer. Specifically, our method, namely Deep Network Interpolation (DNI), applies linear interpolation in the parameter space of two or more correlated networks. A smooth control of imagery effects can be achieved by tweaking the interpolation coefficients. In addition to DNI and its broad applications, we also investigate the mechanism of network interpolation from the perspective of learned filters. 
### 13.Tracing in 2D to Reduce the Annotation Effort for 3D Deep Delineation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10508.pdf)
>  The difficulty of obtaining annotations to build training databases still slows down the adoption of recent deep learning approaches for biomedical image analysis. In this paper, we show that we can train a Deep Net to perform 3D volumetric delineation given only 2D annotations in Maximum Intensity Projections (MIP). As a consequence, we can decrease the amount of time spent annotating by a factor of two while maintaining similar performance. <br />Our approach is inspired by space carving, a classical technique of reconstructing complex 3D shapes from arbitrarily-positioned cameras. We will demonstrate its effectiveness on 3D light microscopy images of neurons and retinal blood vessels and on Magnetic Resonance Angiography (MRA) brain scans. 
### 14.ExpandNets: Exploiting Linear Redundancy to Train Small Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10495.pdf)
>  While very deep networks can achieve great performance, they are ill-suited to applications in resource-constrained environments. Knowledge transfer, which leverages a deep teacher network to train a given small network, has emerged as one of the most popular strategies to address this problem. In this paper, we introduce an alternative approach to training a given small network, based on the intuition that parameter redundancy facilitates learning. We propose to expand each linear layer of a small network into multiple linear layers, without adding any nonlinearity. As such, the resulting expanded network can be compressed back to the small one algebraically, but, as evidenced by our experiments, consistently outperforms training the small network from scratch. This strategy is orthogonal to knowledge transfer. We therefore further show on several standard benchmarks that, for any knowledge transfer technique, using our expanded network as student systematically improves over using the small network. 
### 15.Robust Cross-View Gait Identification with Evidence: A Discriminant Gait GAN (DiGGAN) Approach on 10000 People  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10493.pdf)
>  Gait is an important biometric trait for surveillance and forensic applications, which can be used to identify individuals at a large distance through CCTV cameras. However, it is very difficult to develop robust automated gait recognition systems, since gait may be affected by many covariate factors such as clothing, walking surface, walking speed, camera view angle, etc. Out of them, large view angle was deemed as the most challenging factor since it may alter the overall gait appearance substantially. Recently, some deep learning approaches (such as CNNs) have been employed to extract view-invariant features, and achieved encouraging results on small datasets. However, they do not scale well to large dataset, and the performance decreases significantly w.r.t. number of subjects, which is impractical to large-scale surveillance applications. To address this issue, in this work we propose a Discriminant Gait Generative Adversarial Network (DiGGAN) framework, which not only can learn view-invariant gait features for cross-view gait recognition tasks, but also can be used to reconstruct the gait templates in all views --- serving as important evidences for forensic applications. We evaluated our DiGGAN framework on the world&#39;s largest multi-view OU-MVLP dataset (which includes more than 10000 subjects), and our method outperforms state-of-the-art algorithms significantly on various cross-view gait identification scenarios (e.g., cooperative/uncooperative mode). Our DiGGAN framework also has the best results on the popular CASIA-B dataset, and it shows great generalisation capability across different datasets. 
### 16.Scan2Mesh: From Unstructured Range Scans to 3D Meshes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10464.pdf)
>  We introduce Scan2Mesh, a novel data-driven generative approach which transforms an unstructured and potentially incomplete range scan into a structured 3D mesh representation. The main contribution of this work is a generative neural network architecture whose input is a range scan of a 3D object and whose output is an indexed face set conditioned on the input scan. In order to generate a 3D mesh as a set of vertices and face indices, the generative model builds on a series of proxy losses for vertices, edges, and faces. At each stage, we realize a one-to-one discrete mapping between the predicted and ground truth data points with a combination of convolutional- and graph neural network architectures. This enables our algorithm to predict a compact mesh representation similar to those created through manual artist effort using 3D modeling software. Our generated mesh results thus produce sharper, cleaner meshes with a fundamentally different structure from those generated through implicit functions, a first step in bridging the gap towards artist-created CAD models. 
### 17.Context-Aware Crowd Counting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10452.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art methods for counting people in crowded scenes rely on deep networks to estimate crowd density. They typically use the same filters over the whole image or over large image patches. Only then do they estimate local scale to compensate for perspective distortion. This is typically achieved by training an auxiliary classifier to select, for predefined image patches, the best kernel size among a limited set of choices. As such, these methods are not end-to-end trainable and restricted in the scope of context they can leverage. <br />In this paper, we introduce an end-to-end trainable deep architecture that combines features obtained using multiple receptive field sizes and learns the importance of each such feature at each image location. In other words, our approach adaptively encodes the scale of the contextual information required to accurately predict crowd density. This yields an algorithm that outperforms state-of-the-art crowd counting methods, especially when perspective effects are strong. 
### 18.Deep Laplacian Pyramid Network for Text Images Super-Resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10449.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks have recently demonstrated interesting results for single image super-resolution. However, these networks were trained to deal with super-resolution problem on natural images. In this paper, we adapt a deep network, which was proposed for natural images superresolution, to single text image super-resolution. To evaluate the network, we present our database for single text image super-resolution. Moreover, we propose to combine Gradient Difference Loss (GDL) with L1/L2 loss to enhance edges in super-resolution image. Quantitative and qualitative evaluations on our dataset show that adding the GDL improves the super-resolution results. 
### 19.A Novel Learning-based Global Path Planning Algorithm for Planetary Rovers  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10437.pdf)
>  Autonomous path planning algorithms are significant to planetary exploration rovers, since relying on commands from Earth will heavily reduce their efficiency of executing exploration missions. This paper proposes a novel learning-based algorithm to deal with global path planning problem for planetary exploration rovers. Specifically, a novel deep convolutional neural network with double branches (DB-CNN) is designed and trained, which can plan path directly from orbital images of planetary surfaces without implementing environment mapping. Moreover, the planning procedure requires no prior knowledge about planetary surface terrains. Finally, experimental results demonstrate that DB-CNN achieves better performance on global path planning and faster convergence during training compared with the existing Value Iteration Network (VIN). 
### 20.Multi-Task Generative Adversarial Network for Handling Imbalanced Clinical Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10419.pdf)
>  We propose a new generative adversarial architecture to mitigate imbalance data problem for the task of medical image semantic segmentation where the majority of pixels belong to a healthy region and few belong to lesion or non-health region. A model trained with imbalanced data tends to bias towards healthy data which is not desired in clinical applications. We design a new conditional GAN with two components: a generative model and a discriminative model to mitigate imbalanced data problem through selective weighted loss. While the generator is trained on sequential magnetic resonance images (MRI) to learn semantic segmentation and disease classification, the discriminator classifies whether a generated output is real or fake. The proposed architecture achieved state-of-the-art results on ACDC-2017 for cardiac segmentation and diseases classification. We have achieved competitive results on BraTS-2017 for brain tumor segmentation and brain diseases classification. 
### 21.Towards Machine Learning Prediction of Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) Intra-operative Efficacy Maps  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10415.pdf)
>  Deep brain stimulation (DBS) has the potential to improve the quality of life of people with a variety of neurological diseases. A key challenge in DBS is in the placement of a stimulation electrode in the anatomical location that maximizes efficacy and minimizes side effects. Pre-operative localization of the optimal stimulation zone can reduce surgical times and morbidity. Current methods of producing efficacy probability maps follow an anatomical guidance on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to identify the areas with the highest efficacy in a population. In this work, we propose to revisit this problem as a classification problem, where each voxel in the MRI is a sample informed by the surrounding anatomy. We use a patch-based convolutional neural network to classify a stimulation coordinate as having a positive reduction in symptoms during surgery. We use a cohort of 187 patients with a total of 2,869 stimulation coordinates, upon which 3D patches were extracted and associated with an efficacy score. We compare our results with a registration-based method of surgical planning. We show an improvement in the classification of intraoperative stimulation coordinates as a positive response in reduction of symptoms with AUC of 0.670 compared to a baseline registration-based approach, which achieves an AUC of 0.627 (p &lt; 0.01). Although additional validation is needed, the proposed classification framework and deep learning method appear well-suited for improving pre-surgical planning and personalize treatment strategies. 
### 22.Rethinking Binary Neural Network for Accurate Image Classification and Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10413.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose to train a network with both binary weights and binary activations, designed specifically for mobile devices with limited computation capacity and power consumption. Previous works on quantizing CNNs uncritically assume the same architecture with full-precision networks, which we term value approximation. Their objective is to preserve the floating-point information using a set of discrete values. However, we take a novel view---for best performance it is very likely that a different architecture may be better suited to deal with binary weights as well as binary activations. Thus we directly design such a highly accurate binary network structure, which is termed structure approximation. In particular, we propose a &#34;network decomposition&#34; strategy in which we divide the networks into groups and aggregate a set of homogeneous binary branches to implicitly reconstruct the full-precision intermediate feature maps. In addition, we also learn the connections between each group. We further provide a comprehensive comparison among all quantization categories. Experiments on ImageNet classification tasks demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed model, named Group-Net, over various popular architectures. In particular, we outperform the previous best binary neural network in terms of accuracy as well as saving huge computational complexity. Furthermore, the proposed Group-Net can effectively utilize task specific properties for strong generalization. In particular, we propose to extend Group-Net for \textbf{lossless} semantic segmentation. This is the first work proposed on solving dense pixels prediction based on BNNs in the literature. Actually, we claim that considering both value and structure approximation should be the future development direction of BNNs. 
### 23.A Convolutional Neural Network based Live Object Recognition System as Blind Aid  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10399.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a live object recognition system that serves as a blind aid. Visually impaired people heavily rely on their other senses such as touch and auditory signals for understanding the environment around them. The act of knowing what object is in front of the blind person without touching it (by hand or some other tool) is very difficult. In some cases, the physical contact between the person and object can be dangerous, and even lethal. <br />This project employs a Convolutional Neural Network for recognition of pre-trained objects on the ImageNet dataset. A camera, aligned with the system&#39;s predetermined orientation serves as input to the computer system, which has the object recognition Neural Network deployed to carry out real-time object detection. Output from the network can then be parsed to present to the visually impaired person either in the form of audio or Braille text. 
### 24.Automatic segmentation of the Foveal Avascular Zone in ophthalmological OCT-A images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10374.pdf)
>  Angiography by Optical Coherence Tomography is a non-invasive retinal imaging modality of recent appearance that allows the visualization of the vascular structure at predefined depths based on the detection of the blood movement. OCT-A images constitute a suitable scenario to analyse the retinal vascular properties of regions of interest, measuring the characteristics of the foveal vascular and avascular zones. Extracted parameters of this region can be used as prognostic factors that determine if the patient suffers from certain pathologies, indicating the associated pathological degree. The manual extraction of these biomedical parameters is a long, tedious and subjective process, introducing a significant intra and inter-expert variability, which penalizes the utility of the measurements. In addition, the absence of tools that automatically facilitate these calculations encourages the creation of computer-aided diagnosis frameworks that ease the doctor&#39;s work, increasing their productivity and making viable the use of this type of vascular biomarkers. <br />We propose a fully automatic system that identifies and precisely segments the region of the foveal avascular zone (FAZ) using a novel ophthalmological image modality as is OCT-A. The system combines different image processing techniques to firstly identify the region where the FAZ is contained and, secondly, proceed with the extraction of its precise contour. The system was validated using a representative set of 168 OCT-A images, providing accurate results with the best correlation with the manual measurements of two experts clinician of 0.93 as well as a Jaccard&#39;s index of 0.82 of the best experimental case. This tool provides an accurate FAZ measurement with the desired objectivity and reproducibility, being very useful for the analysis of relevant vascular diseases through the study of the retinal microcirculation. 
### 25.Unsupervised learning with sparse space-and-time autoencoders  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10355.pdf)
>  We use spatially-sparse two, three and four dimensional convolutional autoencoder networks to model sparse structures in 2D space, 3D space, and 3+1=4 dimensional space-time. We evaluate the resulting latent spaces by testing their usefulness for downstream tasks. Applications are to handwriting recognition in 2D, segmentation for parts in 3D objects, segmentation for objects in 3D scenes, and body-part segmentation for 4D wire-frame models generated from motion capture data. 
### 26.Pair-wise Exchangeable Feature Extraction for Arbitrary Style Transfer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10352.pdf)
>  Style transfer has been an important topic in both computer vision and graphics. Gatys et al. first prove that deep features extracted by the pre-trained VGG network represent both content and style features of an image and hence, style transfer can be achieved through optimization in feature space. Huang et al. then show that real-time arbitrary style transfer can be done by simply aligning the mean and variance of each feature channel. In this paper, however, we argue that only aligning the global statistics of deep features cannot always guarantee a good style transfer. Instead, we propose to jointly analyze the input image pair and extract common/exchangeable style features between the two. Besides, a new fusion mode is developed for combining content and style information in feature space. Qualitative and quantitative experiments demonstrate the advantages of our approach. 
### 27.Matchable Image Retrieval by Learning from Surface Reconstruction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10343.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have achieved superior performance on object image retrieval, while Bag-of-Words (BoW) models with handcrafted local features still dominate the retrieval of overlapping images in 3D reconstruction. In this paper, we narrow down this gap by presenting an efficient CNN-based method to retrieve images with overlaps, which we refer to as the matchable image retrieval problem. Different from previous methods that generates training data based on sparse reconstruction, we create a large-scale image database with rich 3D geometrics and exploit information from surface reconstruction to obtain fine-grained training data. We propose a batched triplet-based loss function combined with mesh re-projection to effectively learn the CNN representation. The proposed method significantly accelerates the image retrieval process in 3D reconstruction and outperforms the state-of-the-art CNN-based and BoW methods for matchable image retrieval. The code and data are available at <a href="https://github.com/hlzz/mirror">this https URL</a>. 
### 28.Universal Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10323.pdf)
>  In recent years, the need for semantic segmentation has arisen across several different applications and environments. However, the expense and redundancy of annotation often limits the quantity of labels available for training in any domain, while deployment is easier if a single model works well across domains. In this paper, we pose the novel problem of universal semi-supervised semantic segmentation and propose a solution framework, to meet the dual needs of lower annotation and deployment costs. In contrast to counterpoints such as fine tuning, joint training or unsupervised domain adaptation, universal semi-supervised segmentation ensures that across all domains: (i) a single model is deployed, (ii) unlabeled data is used, (iii) performance is improved, (iv) only a few labels are needed and (v) label spaces may differ. To address this, we minimize supervised as well as within and cross-domain unsupervised losses, introducing a novel feature alignment objective based on pixel-aware entropy regularization for the latter. We demonstrate quantitative advantages over other approaches on several combinations of segmentation datasets across different geographies (Germany, England, India) and environments (outdoors, indoors), as well as qualitative insights on the aligned representations. 
### 29.Multi-hierarchical Independent Correlation Filters for Visual Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10302.pdf)
>  For visual tracking, most of the traditional correlation filters (CF) based methods suffer from the bottleneck of feature redundancy and lack of motion information. In this paper, we design a novel tracking framework, called multi-hierarchical independent correlation filters (MHIT). The framework consists of motion estimation module, hierarchical features selection, independent CF online learning, and adaptive multi-branch CF fusion. Specifically, the motion estimation module is introduced to capture motion information, which effectively alleviates the object partial occlusion in the temporal video. The multi-hierarchical deep features of CNN representing different semantic information can be fully excavated to track multi-scale objects. To better overcome the deep feature redundancy, each hierarchical features are independently fed into a single branch to implement the online learning of parameters. Finally, an adaptive weight scheme is integrated into the framework to fuse these independent multi-branch CFs for the better and more robust visual object tracking. Extensive experiments on OTB and VOT datasets show that the proposed MHIT tracker can significantly improve the tracking performance. Especially, it obtains a 20.1% relative performance gain compared to the top trackers on the VOT2017 challenge, and also achieves new state-of-the-art performance on the VOT2018 challenge. 
### 30.Region Based Extensive Response Index Pattern for Facial Expression Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10261.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel descriptor named Region based Extensive Response Index Pattern (RETRaIN) for facial expression recognition. The RETRaIN encodes the relation among the reference and neighboring pixels of facial active regions. These relations are computed by using directional compass mask on an input image and extract the high edge responses in foremost directions. Further extreme edge index positions are selected and encoded into six-bit compact code to reduce feature dimensionality and distinguish between the uniform and non-uniform patterns in the facial features. The performance of the proposed descriptor is tested and evaluated on three benchmark datasets Extended Cohn Kanade, JAFFE, and MUG. The RETRaIN achieves superior recognition accuracy in comparison to state-of-the-art techniques. 
### 31.MonoGRNet: A Geometric Reasoning Network for Monocular 3D Object Localization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10247.pdf)
>  Localizing objects in the real 3D space, which plays a crucial role in scene understanding, is particularly challenging given only a single RGB image due to the geometric information loss during imagery projection. We propose MonoGRNet for the amodal 3D object localization from a monocular RGB image via geometric reasoning in both the observed 2D projection and the unobserved depth dimension. MonoGRNet is a single, unified network composed of four task-specific subnetworks, responsible for 2D object detection, instance depth estimation (IDE), 3D localization and local corner regression. Unlike the pixel-level depth estimation that needs per-pixel annotations, we propose a novel IDE method that directly predicts the depth of the targeting 3D bounding box&#39;s center using sparse supervision. The 3D localization is further achieved by estimating the position in the horizontal and vertical dimensions. Finally, MonoGRNet is jointly learned by optimizing the locations and poses of the 3D bounding boxes in the global context. We demonstrate that MonoGRNet achieves state-of-the-art performance on challenging datasets. 
### 32.Brain-inspired robust delineation operator  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10240.pdf)
>  In this paper we present a novel filter, based on the existing COSFIRE filter, for the delineation of patterns of interest. It includes a mechanism of push-pull inhibition that improves robustness to noise in terms of spurious texture. Push-pull inhibition is a phenomenon that is observed in neurons in area V1 of the visual cortex, which suppresses the response of certain simple cells for stimuli of preferred orientation but of non-preferred contrast. This type of inhibition allows for sharper detection of the patterns of interest and improves the quality of delineation especially in images with spurious texture. <br />We performed experiments on images from different applications, namely the detection of rose stems for automatic gardening, the delineation of cracks in pavements and road surfaces, and the segmentation of blood vessels in retinal images. Push-pull inhibition helped to improve results considerably in all applications. 
### 33.Attentioned Convolutional LSTM InpaintingNetwork for Anomaly Detection in Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10228.pdf)
>  We propose a semi-supervised model for detecting anomalies in videos inspiredby the Video Pixel Network [van den Oord et al., 2016]. VPN is a probabilisticgenerative model based on a deep neural network that estimates the discrete jointdistribution of raw pixels in video frames. Our model extends the Convolutional-LSTM video encoder part of the VPN with a novel convolutional based attentionmechanism. We also modify the Pixel-CNN decoder part of the VPN to a frameinpainting task where a partially masked version of the frame to predict is given asinput. The frame reconstruction error is used as an anomaly indicator. We test ourmodel on a modified version of the moving mnist dataset [Srivastava et al., 2015]. Our model is shown to be effective in detecting anomalies in videos. This approachcould be a component in applications requiring visual common sense. 
### 34.A Survey on Joint Object Detection and Pose Estimation using Monocular Vision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10216.pdf)
>  In this survey we present a complete landscape of joint object detection and pose estimation methods that use monocular vision. Descriptions of traditional approaches that involve descriptors or models and various estimation methods have been provided. These descriptors or models include chordiograms, shape-aware deformable parts model, bag of boundaries, distance transform templates, natural 3D markers and facet features whereas the estimation methods include iterative clustering estimation, probabilistic networks and iterative genetic matching. Hybrid approaches that use handcrafted feature extraction followed by estimation by deep learning methods have been outlined. We have investigated and compared, wherever possible, pure deep learning based approaches (single stage and multi stage) for this problem. Comprehensive details of the various accuracy measures and metrics have been illustrated. For the purpose of giving a clear overview, the characteristics of relevant datasets are discussed. The trends that prevailed from the infancy of this problem until now have also been highlighted. 
### 35.City-Scale Road Audit System using Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10210.pdf)
>  Road networks in cities are massive and is a critical component of mobility. Fast response to defects, that can occur not only due to regular wear and tear but also because of extreme events like storms, is essential. Hence there is a need for an automated system that is quick, scalable and cost-effective for gathering information about defects. We propose a system for city-scale road audit, using some of the most recent developments in deep learning and semantic segmentation. For building and benchmarking the system, we curated a dataset which has annotations required for road defects. However, many of the labels required for road audit have high ambiguity which we overcome by proposing a label hierarchy. We also propose a multi-step deep learning model that segments the road, subdivide the road further into defects, tags the frame for each defect and finally localizes the defects on a map gathered using GPS. We analyze and evaluate the models on image tagging as well as segmentation at different levels of the label hierarchy. 
### 36.3D-LaneNet: end-to-end 3D multiple lane detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10203.pdf)
>  We introduce a network that directly predicts the 3D layout of lanes in a road scene from a single image. This work marks a first attempt to address this task with on-board sensing instead of relying on pre-mapped environments. Our network architecture, 3D-LaneNet, applies two new concepts: intra-network inverse-perspective mapping (IPM) and anchor-based lane representation. The intra-network IPM projection facilitates a dual-representation information flow in both regular image-view and top-view. An anchor-per-column output representation enables our end-to-end approach replacing common heuristics such as clustering and outlier rejection. In addition, our approach explicitly handles complex situations such as lane merges and splits. Promising results are shown on a new 3D lane synthetic dataset. For comparison with existing methods, we verify our approach on the image-only tuSimple lane detection benchmark and reach competitive performance. 
### 37.IDD: A Dataset for Exploring Problems of Autonomous Navigation in Unconstrained Environments  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10200.pdf)
>  While several datasets for autonomous navigation have become available in recent years, they tend to focus on structured driving environments. This usually corresponds to well-delineated infrastructure such as lanes, a small number of well-defined categories for traffic participants, low variation in object or background appearance and strict adherence to traffic rules. We propose IDD, a novel dataset for road scene understanding in unstructured environments where the above assumptions are largely not satisfied. It consists of 10,004 images, finely annotated with 34 classes collected from 182 drive sequences on Indian roads. The label set is expanded in comparison to popular benchmarks such as Cityscapes, to account for new classes. It also reflects label distributions of road scenes significantly different from existing datasets, with most classes displaying greater within-class diversity. Consistent with real driving behaviours, it also identifies new classes such as drivable areas besides the road. We propose a new four-level label hierarchy, which allows varying degrees of complexity and opens up possibilities for new training methods. Our empirical study provides an in-depth analysis of the label characteristics. State-of-the-art methods for semantic segmentation achieve much lower accuracies on our dataset, demonstrating its distinction compared to Cityscapes. Finally, we propose that our dataset is an ideal opportunity for new problems such as domain adaptation, few-shot learning and behaviour prediction in road scenes. 
### 38.Cross-domain Deep Feature Combination for Bird Species Classification with Audio-visual Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10199.pdf)
>  In recent decade, many state-of-the-art algorithms on image classification as well as audio classification have achieved noticeable successes with the development of deep convolutional neural network (CNN). However, most of the works only exploit single type of training data. In this paper, we present a study on classifying bird species by exploiting the combination of both visual (images) and audio (sounds) data using CNN, which has been sparsely treated so far. Specifically, we propose CNN-based multimodal learning models in three types of fusion strategies (early, middle, late) to settle the issues of combining training data cross domains. The advantage of our proposed method lies on the fact that We can utilize CNN not only to extract features from image and audio data (spectrogram) but also to combine the features across modalities. In the experiment, we train and evaluate the network structure on a comprehensive CUB-200-2011 standard data set combing our originally collected audio data set with respect to the data species. We observe that a model which utilizes the combination of both data outperforms models trained with only an either type of data. We also show that transfer learning can significantly increase the classification performance. 
### 39.Phase-only Image Based Kernel Estimation for Single-image Blind Deblurring  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10185.pdf)
>  The image blurring process is generally modelled as the convolution of a blur kernel with a latent image. Therefore, the estimation of the blur kernel is essentially important for blind image deblurring. Unlike existing approaches which focus on approaching the problem by enforcing various priors on the blur kernel and the latent image, we are aiming at obtaining a high quality blur kernel directly by studying the problem in the frequency domain. We show that the auto-correlation of the absolute phase-only image can provide faithful information about the motion (e.g. the motion direction and magnitude, we call it the motion pattern in this paper.) that caused the blur, leading to a new and efficient blur kernel estimation approach. The blur kernel is then refined and the sharp image is estimated by solving an optimization problem by enforcing a regularization on the blur kernel and the latent image. We further extend our approach to handle non-uniform blur, which involves spatially varying blur kernels. Our approach is evaluated extensively on synthetic and real data and shows good results compared to the state-of-the-art deblurring approaches. 
### 40.Bringing a Blurry Frame Alive at High Frame-Rate with an Event Camera  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10180.pdf)
>  Event-based cameras can measure intensity changes (called `{\it events}&#39;) with microsecond accuracy under high-speed motion and challenging lighting conditions. With the active pixel sensor (APS), the event camera allows simultaneous output of the intensity frames. However, the output images are captured at a relatively low frame-rate and often suffer from motion blur. A blurry image can be regarded as the integral of a sequence of latent images, while the events indicate the changes between the latent images. Therefore, we are able to model the blur-generation process by associating event data to a latent image. In this paper, we propose a simple and effective approach, the \textbf{Event-based Double Integral (EDI)} model, to reconstruct a high frame-rate, sharp video from a single blurry frame and its event data. The video generation is based on solving a simple non-convex optimization problem in a single scalar variable. Experimental results on both synthetic and real images demonstrate the superiority of our EDI model and optimization method in comparison to the state-of-the-art. 
### 41.Temporal Convolutional Neural Network for the Classification of Satellite Image Time Series  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10166.pdf)
>  New remote sensing sensors acquire now high spatial and spectral Satellite Image Time Series (SITS) of the world. These series of images are a key component of any classification framework to obtain up-to-date and accurate land cover maps of the Earth&#39;s soils. More specifically, the combination of the temporal, spectral and spatial resolutions of new SITS enables the monitoring of vegetation dynamics. Although some traditional classification algorithms, such as Random Forest (RF), have been successfully applied for SITS classification, these algorithms do not fully take advantage of the temporal domain. Conversely, deep-learning based methods have been successfully used to make the most of sequential data such as text and audio data. For the first time, this paper explores the use of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) with convolutions applied in the temporal dimension for SITS classification. <br />The goal is to quantitatively and qualitatively evaluate the contribution of temporal CNNs for SITS classification. More precisely, this paper proposes a set of experiments performed on a million Formosat-2 time series. The experimental results show that temporal CNNs are 2 to 3 % more accurate than RF. The experiments also highlight some counter-intuitive results on pooling layers: contrary to image classification, their use decreases accuracy. Moreover, we provide some general guidelines on the network architecture, common regularization mechanisms, and hyper-parameter values such as the batch size. Finally, the visual quality of the land cover maps produced by the temporal CNN is assessed. 
### 42.Collaging on Internal Representations: An Intuitive Approach for Semantic Transfiguration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10153.pdf)
>  We present a novel CNN-based image editing method that allows the user to change the semantic information of an image over a user-specified region. Our method makes this possible by combining the idea of manifold projection with spatial conditional batch normalization (sCBN), a version of conditional batch normalization with user-specifiable spatial weight maps. With sCBN and manifold projection, our method lets the user perform (1) spatial class translation that changes the class of an object over an arbitrary region of user&#39;s choice, and (2) semantic transplantation that transplants semantic information contained in an arbitrary region of the reference image to an arbitrary region in the target image. These two transformations can be used simultaneously, and can realize a complex composite image-editing task like &#34;change the nose of a beagle to that of a bulldog, and open her mouth.&#34; The user can also use our method with intuitive copy-paste-style manipulations. We demonstrate the power of our method on various images. Code will be available at <a href="https://github.com/pfnet-research/neural-collage">this https URL</a>. 
### 43.One Shot Domain Adaptation for Person Re-Identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10144.pdf)
>  How to effectively address the domain adaptation problem is a challenging task for person re-identification (reID). In this work, we make the first endeavour to tackle this issue according to one shot learning. Given an annotated source training set and a target training set that only one instance for each category is annotated, we aim to achieve competitive re-ID performance on the testing set of the target domain. To this end, we introduce a similarity-guided strategy to progressively assign pseudo labels to unlabeled instances with different confidence scores, which are in turn leveraged as weights to guide the optimization as training goes on. Collaborating with a simple self-mining operation, we make significant improvement in the domain adaptation tasks of re-ID. In particular, we achieve the mAP of 71.5% in the adaptation task of DukeMTMC-reID to Market1501 with one shot setting, which outperforms the state-of-arts of unsupervised domain adaptation more than 17.8%. Under the five shots setting, we achieve competitive accuracy of the fully supervised setting on Market-1501. Code will be made available. 
### 44.FilterReg: Robust and Efficient Probabilistic Point-Set Registration using Gaussian Filter and Twist Parameterization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10136.pdf)
>  Probabilistic point-set registration methods have been gaining more attention for their robustness to noise, outliers and occlusions. However, these methods tend to be much slower than the popular iterative closest point (ICP) algorithms, which severely limits their usability. In this paper, we contribute a novel probabilistic registration method that achieves state-of-the-art robustness as well as substantially faster computational performance than modern ICP implementations. This is achieved using a rigorous yet computationally-efficient probabilistic formulation. Point-set registration is cast as a maximum likelihood estimation and solved using the EM algorithm. We show that with a simple augmentation, the E step can be formulated as a filtering problem, allowing us to leverage advances in efficient Gaussian filtering methods. We also propose a customized permutohedral filter for improved efficiency while retaining sufficient accuracy for our task. Additionally, we present a simple and efficient twist parameterization that generalizes our method to the registration of articulated and deformable objects. For articulated objects, the complexity of our method is almost independent of the Degrees Of Freedom (DOFs), which makes it highly efficient even for high DOF systems. The results demonstrate the proposed method consistently outperforms many competitive baselines on a variety of registration tasks. 
### 45.Artificial Retina Using A Hybrid Neural Network With Spatial Transform Capability  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10126.pdf)
>  This paper covers the design and programming of a hybrid (digital/analog) neural network to function as an artificial retina with the ability to perform a spatial discrete cosine transform. We describe the structure of the circuit, which uses an analog cell that is interlinked using a programmable digital array. The paper is broken into three main parts. First, we present the results of a Matlab simulation. Then we show the circuit simulation in Spice. This is followed by a demonstration of the practical device. This system has intentionally separated components with the specialty analog circuits being separated from the readily available digital field programmable gate array (FPGA) components. Further development includes the use of rapid manufacture-able organic electronics used for the analog components. The planned uses for this platform include crowd development of software that uses the underlying pulse based processing. The development package will include simulators in the form of Matlab and Spice type software platforms. 
### 46.Foreground Clustering for Joint Segmentation and Localization in Videos and Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10121.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel framework in which video/image segmentation and localization are cast into a single optimization problem that integrates information from low level appearance cues with that of high level localization cues in a very weakly supervised manner. The proposed framework leverages two representations at different levels, exploits the spatial relationship between bounding boxes and superpixels as linear constraints and simultaneously discriminates between foreground and background at bounding box and superpixel level. Different from previous approaches that mainly rely on discriminative clustering, we incorporate a foreground model that minimizes the histogram difference of an object across all image frames. Exploiting the geometric relation between the superpixels and bounding boxes enables the transfer of segmentation cues to improve localization output and vice-versa. Inclusion of the foreground model generalizes our discriminative framework to video data where the background tends to be similar and thus, not discriminative. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our unified framework on the YouTube Object video dataset, Internet Object Discovery dataset and Pascal VOC 2007. 
### 47.WarpGAN: Automatic Caricature Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10100.pdf)
>  We propose, WarpGAN, a fully automatic network that can generate caricatures given an input face photo. Besides transferring rich texture styles, WarpGAN learns to automatically predict a set of control points that can warp the photo into a caricature, while preserving identity. We introduce an identity-preserving adversarial loss that aids the discriminator to distinguish between different subjects. Moreover, WarpGAN allows customization of the generated caricatures by controlling the exaggeration extent and the visual styles. Experimental results on a public domain dataset, WebCaricature, show that WarpGAN is capable of generating a diverse set of caricatures while preserving the identities. Five caricature experts suggest that caricatures generated by WarpGAN are visually similar to hand-drawn ones and only prominent facial features are exaggerated. 
### 48.Reinforced Cross-Modal Matching and Self-Supervised Imitation Learning for Vision-Language Navigation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10092.pdf)
>  Vision-language navigation (VLN) is the task of navigating an embodied agent to carry out natural language instructions inside real 3D environments. In this paper, we study how to address three critical challenges for this task: the cross-modal grounding, the ill-posed feedback, and the generalization problems. First, we propose a novel Reinforced Cross-Modal Matching (RCM) approach that enforces cross-modal grounding both locally and globally via reinforcement learning (RL). Particularly, a matching critic is used to provide an intrinsic reward to encourage global matching between instructions and trajectories, and a reasoning navigator is employed to perform cross-modal grounding in the local visual scene. Evaluation on a VLN benchmark dataset shows that our RCM model significantly outperforms existing methods by 10% on SPL and achieves the new state-of-the-art performance. To improve the generalizability of the learned policy, we further introduce a Self-Supervised Imitation Learning (SIL) method to explore unseen environments by imitating its own past, good decisions. We demonstrate that SIL can approximate a better and more efficient policy, which tremendously minimizes the success rate performance gap between seen and unseen environments (from 30.7% to 11.7%). 
### 49.Learning to discover and localize visual objects with open vocabulary  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10080.pdf)
>  To alleviate the cost of obtaining accurate bounding boxes for training today&#39;s state-of-the-art object detection models, recent weakly supervised detection work has proposed techniques to learn from image-level labels. However, requiring discrete image-level labels is both restrictive and suboptimal. Real-world &#34;supervision&#34; usually consists of more unstructured text, such as captions. In this work we learn association maps between images and captions. We then use a novel objectness criterion to rank the resulting candidate boxes, such that high-ranking boxes have strong gradients along all edges. Thus, we can detect objects beyond a fixed object category vocabulary, if those objects are frequent and distinctive enough. We show that our objectness criterion improves the proposed bounding boxes in relation to prior weakly supervised detection methods. Further, we show encouraging results on object detection from image-level captions only. 
### 50.Ensemble of Multi-View Learning Classifiers for Cross-Domain Iris Presentation Attack Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10068.pdf)
>  The adoption of large-scale iris recognition systems around the world has brought to light the importance of detecting presentation attack images (textured contact lenses and printouts). This work presents a new approach in iris Presentation Attack Detection (PAD), by exploring combinations of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and transformed input spaces through binarized statistical image features (BSIF). Our method combines lightweight CNNs to classify multiple BSIF views of the input image. Following explorations on complementary input spaces leading to more discriminative features to detect presentation attacks, we also propose an algorithm to select the best (and most discriminative) predictors for the task at hand.An ensemble of predictors makes use of their expected individual performances to aggregate their results into a final prediction. Results show that this technique improves on the current state of the art in iris PAD, outperforming the winner of LivDet-Iris2017 competition both for intra- and cross-dataset scenarios, and illustrating the very difficult nature of the cross-dataset scenario. 
### 51.Predicting Gender from Iris Texture May Be Harder Than It Seems  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10066.pdf)
>  Predicting gender from iris images has been reported by several researchers as an application of machine learning in biometrics. Recent works on this topic have suggested that the preponderance of the gender cues is located in the periocular region rather than in the iris texture itself. This paper focuses on teasing out whether the information for gender prediction is in the texture of the iris stroma, the periocular region, or both. We present a larger dataset for gender from iris, and evaluate gender prediction accuracy using linear SVM and CNN, comparing hand-crafted and deep features. We use probabilistic occlusion masking to gain insight on the problem. Results suggest the discriminative power of the iris texture for gender is weaker than previously thought, and that the gender-related information is primarily in the periocular region. 
### 52.An overview of deep learning in medical imaging focusing on MRI  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10052.pdf)
>  What has happened in machine learning lately, and what does it mean for the future of medical image analysis? Machine learning has witnessed a tremendous amount of attention over the last few years. The current boom started around 2009 when so-called deep artificial neural networks began outperforming other established models on a number of important benchmarks. Deep neural networks are now the state-of-the-art machine learning models across a variety of areas, from image analysis to natural language processing, and widely deployed in academia and industry. These developments have a huge potential for medical imaging technology, medical data analysis, medical diagnostics and healthcare in general, slowly being realized. We provide a short overview of recent advances and some associated challenges in machine learning applied to medical image processing and image analysis. As this has become a very broad and fast expanding field we will not survey the entire landscape of applications, but put particular focus on deep learning in MRI. <br />Our aim is threefold: (i) give a brief introduction to deep learning with pointers to core references; (ii) indicate how deep learning has been applied to the entire MRI processing chain, from acquisition to image retrieval, from segmentation to disease prediction; (iii) provide a starting point for people interested in experimenting and perhaps contributing to the field of machine learning for medical imaging by pointing out good educational resources, state-of-the-art open-source code, and interesting sources of data and problems related medical imaging. 
### 53.Joint Facade Registration and Segmentation for Urban Localization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10048.pdf)
>  This paper presents an efficient approach for solving jointly facade registration and semantic segmentation. Progress in facade detection and recognition enable good initialization for the registration of a reference facade to a newly acquired target image. We propose here to rely on semantic segmentation to improve the accuracy of that initial registration. Simultaneously we aim to improve the quality of the semantic segmentation through the registration. These two problems are jointly solved in a Expectation-Maximization framework. We especially introduce a bayesian model that use prior semantic segmentation as well as geometric structure of the facade reference modeled by $L_p$ Gaussian Mixtures. We show the advantages of our method in term of robustness to clutter and change of illumination on urban images from various database. 
### 54.Multi-view Point Cloud Registration with Adaptive Convergence Threshold and its Application on 3D Model Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10026.pdf)
>  Multi-view point cloud registration is a hot topic in the communities of multimedia technology and artificial intelligence (AI). In this paper, we propose a framework to reconstruct the 3D models by the multi-view point cloud registration algorithm with adaptive convergence threshold, and subsequently apply it to 3D model retrieval. The iterative closest point (ICP) algorithm is implemented combining with the motion average algorithm for the registration of multi-view point clouds. After the registration process, we design applications for 3D model retrieval. The geometric saliency map is computed based on the vertex curvature. The test facial triangle is then generated based on the saliency map, which is applied to compare with the standard facial triangle. The face and non-face models are then discriminated. The experiments and comparisons prove the effectiveness of the proposed framework. 
### 55.Background Subtraction with Real-time Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10020.pdf)
>  Accurate and fast foreground object extraction is very important for object tracking and recognition in video surveillance. Although many background subtraction (BGS) methods have been proposed in the recent past, it is still regarded as a tough problem due to the variety of challenging situations that occur in real-world scenarios. In this paper, we explore this problem from a new perspective and propose a novel background subtraction framework with real-time semantic segmentation (RTSS). Our proposed framework consists of two components, a traditional BGS segmenter $\mathcal{B}$ and a real-time semantic segmenter $\mathcal{S}$. The BGS segmenter $\mathcal{B}$ aims to construct background models and segments foreground objects. The real-time semantic segmenter $\mathcal{S}$ is used to refine the foreground segmentation outputs as feedbacks for improving the model updating accuracy. $\mathcal{B}$ and $\mathcal{S}$ work in parallel on two threads. For each input frame $I_t$, the BGS segmenter $\mathcal{B}$ computes a preliminary foreground/background (FG/BG) mask $B_t$. At the same time, the real-time semantic segmenter $\mathcal{S}$ extracts the object-level semantics ${S}_t$. Then, some specific rules are applied on ${B}_t$ and ${S}_t$ to generate the final detection ${D}_t$. Finally, the refined FG/BG mask ${D}_t$ is fed back to update the background model. Comprehensive experiments evaluated on the CDnet 2014 dataset demonstrate that our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance among all unsupervised background subtraction methods while operating at real-time, and even performs better than some deep learning based supervised algorithms. In addition, our proposed framework is very flexible and has the potential for generalization. 
### 56.Dissimilarity Coefficient based Weakly Supervised Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10016.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of weakly supervised object detection, where the training samples are annotated using only image-level labels that indicate the presence or absence of an object category. In order to model the uncertainty in the location of the objects, we employ a dissimilarity coefficient based probabilistic learning objective. The learning objective minimizes the difference between an annotation agnostic prediction distribution and an annotation aware conditional distribution. The main computational challenge is the complex nature of the conditional distribution, which consists of terms over hundreds or thousands of variables. The complexity of the conditional distribution rules out the possibility of explicitly modeling it. Instead, we exploit the fact that deep learning frameworks rely on stochastic optimization. This allows us to use a state of the art discrete generative model that can provide annotation consistent samples from the conditional distribution. Extensive experiments on PASCAL VOC 2007 and 2012 data sets demonstrate the efficacy of our proposed approach. 
### 57.Describe and Attend to Track: Learning Natural Language guided Structural Representation and Visual Attention for Object Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10014.pdf)
>  The tracking-by-detection framework requires a set of positive and negative training samples to learn robust tracking models for precise localization of target objects. However, existing tracking models mostly treat different samples independently while ignores the relationship information among them. In this paper, we propose a novel structure-aware deep neural network to overcome such limitations. In particular, we construct a graph to represent the pairwise relationships among training samples, and additionally take the natural language as the supervised information to learn both feature representations and classifiers robustly. To refine the states of the target and re-track the target when it is back to view from heavy occlusion and out of view, we elaborately design a novel subnetwork to learn the target-driven visual attentions from the guidance of both visual and natural language cues. Extensive experiments on five tracking benchmark datasets validated the effectiveness of our proposed method. 
### 58.Visual Attention on the Sun: What Do Existing Models Actually Predict?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10004.pdf)
>  Visual attention prediction is a classic problem that seems to be well addressed in the deep learning era. One compelling concern, however, gradually arise along with the rapidly growing performance scores over existing visual attention datasets: do existing deep models really capture the inherent mechanism of human visual attention? To address this concern, this paper proposes a new dataset, named VASUN, that records the free-viewing human attention on solar images. Different from previous datasets, images in VASUN contain many irregular visual patterns that existing deep models have never seen. By benchmarking existing models on VASUN, we find the performances of many state-of-the-art deep models drop remarkably, while many classic shallow models perform impressively. From these results, we find that the significant performance advance of existing deep attention models may come from their capabilities of memorizing and predicting the occurrence of some specific visual patterns other than learning the inherent mechanism of human visual attention. In addition, we also train several baseline models on VASUN to demonstrate the feasibility and key issues of predicting visual attention on the sun. These baseline models, together with the proposed dataset, can be used to revisit the problem of visual attention prediction from a novel perspective that are complementary to existing ones. 
### 59.A pooling based scene text proposal technique for scene text reading in the wild  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10003.pdf)
>  Automatic reading texts in scenes has attracted increasing interest in recent years as texts often carry rich semantic information that is useful for scene understanding. In this paper, we propose a novel scene text proposal technique aiming for accurate reading texts in scenes. Inspired by the pooling layer in the deep neural network architecture, a pooling based scene text proposal technique is developed. A novel score function is designed which exploits the histogram of oriented gradients and is capable of ranking the proposals according to their probabilities of being text. An end-to-end scene text reading system has also been developed by incorporating the proposed scene text proposal technique where false alarms elimination and words recognition are performed simultaneously. Extensive experiments over several public datasets show that the proposed technique can handle multi-orientation and multi-language scene texts and obtains outstanding proposal performance. The developed end-to-end systems also achieve very competitive scene text spotting and reading performance. 
### 60.Non-local RoI for Cross-Object Perception  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10002.pdf)
>  We present a generic and flexible module that encodes region proposals by both their intrinsic features and the extrinsic correlations to the others. The proposed non-local region of interest (NL-RoI) can be seamlessly adapted into different generalized R-CNN architectures to better address various perception tasks. Observe that existing techniques from R-CNN treat RoIs independently and perform the prediction solely based on image features within each region proposal. However, the pairwise relationships between proposals could further provide useful information for detection and segmentation. NL-RoI is thus formulated to enrich each RoI representation with the information from all other RoIs, and yield a simple, low-cost, yet effective module for region-based convolutional networks. Our experimental results show that NL-RoI can improve the performance of Faster/Mask R-CNN for object detection and instance segmentation. 
### 61.Low-resolution Face Recognition in the Wild via Selective Knowledge Distillation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09998.pdf)
>  Typically, the deployment of face recognition models in the wild needs to identify low-resolution faces with extremely low computational cost. To address this problem, a feasible solution is compressing a complex face model to achieve higher speed and lower memory at the cost of minimal performance drop. Inspired by that, this paper proposes a learning approach to recognize low-resolution faces via selective knowledge distillation. In this approach, a two-stream convolutional neural network (CNN) is first initialized to recognize high-resolution faces and resolution-degraded faces with a teacher stream and a student stream, respectively. The teacher stream is represented by a complex CNN for high-accuracy recognition, and the student stream is represented by a much simpler CNN for low-complexity recognition. To avoid significant performance drop at the student stream, we then selectively distil the most informative facial features from the teacher stream by solving a sparse graph optimization problem, which are then used to regularize the fine-tuning process of the student stream. In this way, the student stream is actually trained by simultaneously handling two tasks with limited computational resources: approximating the most informative facial cues via feature regression, and recovering the missing facial cues via low-resolution face classification. Experimental results show that the student stream performs impressively in recognizing low-resolution faces and costs only 0.15MB memory and runs at 418 faces per second on CPU and 9,433 faces per second on GPU. 
### 62.Learning Conditional Random Fields with Augmented Observations for Partially Observed Action Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09986.pdf)
>  This paper aims at recognizing partially observed human actions in videos. Action videos acquired in uncontrolled environments often contain corrupt frames, which make actions partially observed. Furthermore, these frames can last for arbitrary lengths of time and appear irregularly. They are inconsistent with training data and degrade the performance of pre-trained action recognition systems. We present an approach to address this issue. For each training and testing actions, we divide it into segments and explore the mutual dependency between temporal segments. This property states that the similarity of two actions at one segment often implies their similarity at another. We augment each segment with extra alternatives retrieved from training data. The augmentation algorithm is designed in a way where a few alternatives are good enough to replace the original segment where corrupt frames occur. Our approach is developed upon hidden conditional random fields and leverages the flexibility of hidden variables for uncertainty handling. It turns out that our approach integrates corrupt segment detection and alternative selection into the process of prediction, and can recognize partially observed actions more accurately. It is evaluated on both fully observed actions and partially observed ones with either synthetic or real corrupt frames. The experimental results manifest its general applicability and superior performance, especially when corrupt frames are present in the action videos. 
### 63.Temporal Bilinear Networks for Video Action Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09974.pdf)
>  Temporal modeling in videos is a fundamental yet challenging problem in computer vision. In this paper, we propose a novel Temporal Bilinear (TB) model to capture the temporal pairwise feature interactions between adjacent frames. Compared with some existing temporal methods which are limited in linear transformations, our TB model considers explicit quadratic bilinear transformations in the temporal domain for motion evolution and sequential relation modeling. We further leverage the factorized bilinear model in linear complexity and a bottleneck network design to build our TB blocks, which also constrains the parameters and computation cost. We consider two schemes in terms of the incorporation of TB blocks and the original 2D spatial convolutions, namely wide and deep Temporal Bilinear Networks (TBN). Finally, we perform experiments on several widely adopted datasets including Kinetics, UCF101 and HMDB51. The effectiveness of our TBNs is validated by comprehensive ablation analyses and comparisons with various state-of-the-art methods. 
### 64.Graph Learning-Convolutional Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09971.pdf)
>  Recently, graph Convolutional Neural Networks (graph CNNs) have been widely used for graph data representation and semi-supervised learning tasks. However, existing graph CNNs generally use a fixed graph which may be not optimal for semi-supervised learning tasks. In this paper, we propose a novel Graph Learning-Convolutional Network (GLCN) for graph data representation and semi-supervised learning. The aim of GLCN is to learn an optimal graph structure that best serves graph CNNs for semi-supervised learning by integrating both graph learning and graph convolution together in a unified network architecture. The main advantage is that in GLCN, both given labels and the estimated labels are incorporated and thus can provide useful &#39;weakly&#39; supervised information to refine (or learn) the graph construction and also to facilitate the graph convolution operation in GLCN for unknown label estimation. Experimental results on seven benchmarks demonstrate that GLCN significantly outperforms state-of-the-art traditional fixed structure based graph CNNs. 
### 65.Practical optimal registration of terrestrial LiDAR scan pairs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09962.pdf)
>  Point cloud registration is a fundamental problem in 3D scanning. In this paper, we address the frequent special case of registering terrestrial LiDAR scans (or, more generally, levelled point clouds). Many current solutions still rely on the Iterative Closest Point (ICP) method or other heuristic procedures, which require good initializations to succeed and/or provide no guarantees of success. On the other hand, exact or optimal registration algorithms can compute the best possible solution without requiring initializations; however, they are currently too slow to be practical in realistic applications. <br />Existing optimal approaches ignore the fact that in routine use the relative rotations between scans are constrained to the azimuth, via the built-in level compensation in LiDAR scanners. We propose a novel, optimal and computationally efficient registration method for this 4DOF scenario. Our approach operates on candidate 3D keypoint correspondences, and contains two main steps: (1) a deterministic selection scheme that significantly reduces the candidate correspondence set in a way that is guaranteed to preserve the optimal solution; and (2) a fast branch-and-bound (BnB) algorithm with a novel polynomial-time subroutine for 1D rotation search, that quickly finds the optimal alignment for the reduced set. We demonstrate the practicality of our method on realistic point clouds from multiple LiDAR surveys. 
### 66.Deep RNN Framework for Visual Sequential Applications  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09961.pdf)
>  Extracting temporal and representation features efficiently plays a pivotal role in understanding visual sequence information. To deal with this, we propose a new recurrent neural framework that can be stacked deep effectively. There are mainly two novel designs in our deep RNN framework: one is a new RNN module called Representation Bridge Module (RBM) which splits the information flowing along the sequence (temporal direction) and along depth (spatial representation direction), making it easier to train when building deep by balancing these two directions; the other is the Overlap Coherence Training Scheme that reduces the training complexity for long visual sequential tasks on account of the limitation of computing resources. <br />We provide empirical evidence to show that our deep RNN framework is easy to optimize and can gain accuracy from the increased depth on several visual sequence problems. On these tasks, we evaluate our deep RNN framework with 15 layers, 7 times than conventional RNN networks, but it is still easy to train. Our deep framework achieves more than 11% relative improvements over shallow RNN models on Kinetics, UCF-101, and HMDB-51 for video classification. For auxiliary annotation, after replacing the shallow RNN part of Polygon-RNN with our 15-layer deep RBM, the performance improves by 14.7%. For video future prediction, our deep RNN improves the state-of-the-art shallow model&#39;s performance by 2.4% on PSNR and SSIM. The code and trained models will publish accompanied by this paper. 
### 67.Privacy-Preserving Action Recognition for Smart Hospitals using Low-Resolution Depth Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09950.pdf)
>  Computer-vision hospital systems can greatly assist healthcare workers and improve medical facility treatment, but often face patient resistance due to the perceived intrusiveness and violation of privacy associated with visual surveillance. We downsample video frames to extremely low resolutions to degrade private information from surveillance videos. We measure the amount of activity-recognition information retained in low resolution depth images, and also apply a privately-trained DCSCN super-resolution model to enhance the utility of our images. We implement our techniques with two actual healthcare-surveillance scenarios, hand-hygiene compliance and ICU activity-logging, and show that our privacy-preserving techniques preserve enough information for realistic healthcare tasks. 
### 68.Loop Closure Detection with RGB-D Feature Pyramid Siamese Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09938.pdf)
>  In visual Simultaneous Localization And Mapping (SLAM), detecting loop closures has been an important but difficult task. Currently, most solutions are based on the bag-of-words approach. Yet the possibility of deep neural network application to this task has not been fully explored due to the lack of appropriate architecture design and of sufficient training data. In this paper we demonstrate the applicability of deep neural networks by addressing both issues. Specifically we show that a feature pyramid Siamese neural network can achieve state-of-the-art performance on pairwise loop closure detection. The network is trained and tested on large-scale RGB-D datasets with a novel automatic loop closure labeling algorithm. Each image pair is labelled by how much the images overlap, allowing loop closure to be computed directly rather than by labor intensive manual labeling. We present an algorithm to adopt any large-scale generic RGB-D dataset for use in training deep loop-closure networks. We show for the first time that deep neural networks are capable of detecting loop closures, and we provide a method for generating large-scale datasets for use in evaluating and training loop closure detectors. 
### 69.Guided Feature Selection for Deep Visual Odometry  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09935.pdf)
>  We present a novel end-to-end visual odometry architecture with guided feature selection based on deep convolutional recurrent neural networks. Different from current monocular visual odometry methods, our approach is established on the intuition that features contribute discriminately to different motion patterns. Specifically, we propose a dual-branch recurrent network to learn the rotation and translation separately by leveraging current Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) for feature representation and Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) for image sequence reasoning. To enhance the ability of feature selection, we further introduce an effective context-aware guidance mechanism to force each branch to distill related information for specific motion pattern explicitly. Experiments demonstrate that on the prevalent KITTI and ICL_NUIM benchmarks, our method outperforms current state-of-the-art model- and learning-based methods for both decoupled and joint camera pose recovery. 
### 70.PCGAN: Partition-Controlled Human Image Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09928.pdf)
>  Human image generation is a very challenging task since it is affected by many factors. Many human image generation methods focus on generating human images conditioned on a given pose, while the generated backgrounds are often blurred.In this paper,we propose a novel Partition-Controlled GAN to generate human images according to target pose and background. Firstly, human poses in the given images are extracted, and foreground/background are partitioned for further use. Secondly, we extract and fuse appearance features, pose features and background features to generate the desired images. Experiments on Market-1501 and DeepFashion datasets show that our model not only generates realistic human images but also produce the human pose and background as we want. Extensive experiments on COCO and LIP datasets indicate the potential of our method. 
### 71.Generating Realistic Training Images Based on Tonality-Alignment Generative Adversarial Networks for Hand Pose Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09916.pdf)
>  Hand pose estimation from a monocular RGB image is an important but challenging task. The main factor affecting its performance is the lack of a sufficiently large training dataset with accurate hand-keypoint annotations. In this work, we circumvent this problem by proposing an effective method for generating realistic hand poses and show that state-of-the-art algorithms for hand pose estimation can be greatly improved by utilizing the generated hand poses as training data. Specifically, we first adopt an augmented reality (AR) simulator to synthesize hand poses with accurate hand-keypoint labels. Although the synthetic hand poses come with precise joint labels, eliminating the need of manual annotations, they look unnatural and are not the ideal training data. To produce more realistic hand poses, we propose to blend a synthetic hand pose with a real background, such as arms and sleeves. To this end, we develop tonality-alignment generative adversarial networks (TAGANs), which align the tonality and color distributions between synthetic hand poses and real backgrounds, and can generate high quality hand poses. We evaluate TAGAN on three benchmarks, including the RHP, STB, and CMU-PS hand pose datasets. With the aid of the synthesized poses, our method performs favorably against the state-of-the-arts in both $2$D and $3$D hand pose estimations. 
### 72.Steady-state Non-Line-of-Sight Imaging  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09910.pdf)
>  Conventional intensity cameras recover objects in the direct line-of-sight of the camera, while occluded scene parts are considered lost in the image formation process. Non-line-of-sight imaging (NLOS) aims at recovering these occluded objects by analyzing their indirect reflections on visible scene surfaces. Existing NLOS methods temporally probe the indirect light transport to unmix light paths based on their travel time, which mandates instrumentation with low photon efficiency, high cost, and mechanical scanning. We depart from temporal probing and demonstrate steady-state non-line-of-sight imaging using conventional intensity sensors and continuous illumination. Instead of assuming perfectly isotropic scattering, the proposed method exploits directionality of reflectance on object surfaces resulting in spatial variation of the indirect reflections for varying illumination patterns. To tackle the shape-dependence of these variations, we propose a trainable architecture which learns from synthetic data to map steady-state diffuse indirect reflections to unknown scene reflectance. Relying on consumer color image sensors, with high fill-factor, quantum efficiency and low read-out noise, we demonstrate high-fidelity full-color NLOS imaging in setup scenarios identical to recent pulsed systems with picosecond resolution. 
### 73.RGB-D Based Action Recognition with Light-weight 3D Convolutional Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09908.pdf)
>  Different from RGB videos, depth data in RGB-D videos provide key complementary information for tristimulus visual data which potentially could achieve accuracy improvement for action recognition. However, most of the existing action recognition models solely using RGB videos limit the performance capacity. Additionally, the state-of-the-art action recognition models, namely 3D convolutional neural networks (3D-CNNs) contain tremendous parameters suffering from computational inefficiency. In this paper, we propose a series of 3D light-weight architectures for action recognition based on RGB-D data. Compared with conventional 3D-CNN models, the proposed light-weight 3D-CNNs have considerably less parameters involving lower computation cost, while it results in favorable recognition performance. Experimental results on two public benchmark datasets show that our models can approximate or outperform the state-of-the-art approaches. Specifically, on the RGB+D-NTU (NTU) dataset, we achieve 93.2% and 97.6% for cross-subject and cross-view measurement, and on the Northwestern-UCLA Multiview Action 3D (N-UCLA) dataset, we achieve 95.5% accuracy of cross-view. 
### 74.Conditional Recurrent Flow: Conditional Generation of Longitudinal Samples with Applications to Neuroimaging  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09897.pdf)
>  Generative models using neural network have opened a door to large-scale studies for various application domains, especially for studies that suffer from lack of real samples to obtain statistically robust inference. Typically, these generative models would train on existing data to learn the underlying distribution of the measurements (e.g., images) in latent spaces conditioned on covariates (e.g., image labels), and generate independent samples that are identically distributed in the latent space. Such models may work for cross-sectional studies, however, they are not suitable to generate data for longitudinal studies that focus on &#34;progressive&#34; behavior in a sequence of data. In practice, this is a quite common case in various neuroimaging studies whose goal is to characterize a trajectory of pathologies of a specific disease even from early stages. This may be too ambitious especially when the sample size is small (e.g., up to a few hundreds). Motivated from the setup above, we seek to develop a conditional generative model for longitudinal data generation by designing an invertable neural network. Inspired by recurrent nature of longitudinal data, we propose a novel neural network that incorporates recurrent subnetwork and context gating to include smooth transition in a sequence of generated data. Our model is validated on a video sequence dataset and a longitudinal AD dataset with various experimental settings for qualitative and quantitative evaluations of the generated samples. The results with the AD dataset captures AD specific group differences with sufficiently generated longitudinal samples that are consistent with existing literature, which implies a great potential to be applicable to other disease studies. 
### 75.Matching Disparate Image Pairs Using Shape-Aware ConvNets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09889.pdf)
>  An end-to-end trainable ConvNet architecture, that learns to harness the power of shape representation for matching disparate image pairs, is proposed. Disparate image pairs are deemed those that exhibit strong affine variations in scale, viewpoint and projection parameters accompanied by the presence of partial or complete occlusion of objects and extreme variations in ambient illumination. Under these challenging conditions, neither local nor global feature-based image matching methods, when used in isolation, have been observed to be effective. The proposed correspondence determination scheme for matching disparate images exploits high-level shape cues that are derived from low-level local feature descriptors, thus combining the best of both worlds. A graph-based representation for the disparate image pair is generated by constructing an affinity matrix that embeds the distances between feature points in two images, thus modeling the correspondence determination problem as one of graph matching. The eigenspectrum of the affinity matrix, i.e., the learned global shape representation, is then used to further regress the transformation or homography that defines the correspondence between the source image and target image. The proposed scheme is shown to yield state-of-the-art results for both, coarse-level shape matching as well as fine point-wise correspondence determination. 
### 76.Forward Stability of ResNet and Its Variants  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09885.pdf)
>  The residual neural network (ResNet) is a popular deep network architecture which has the ability to obtain high-accuracy results on several image processing problems. In order to analyze the behavior and structure of ResNet, recent work has been on establishing connections between ResNets and continuous-time optimal control problems. In this work, we show that the post-activation ResNet is related to an optimal control problem with differential inclusions, and provide continuous-time stability results for the differential inclusion associated with ResNet. Motivated by the stability conditions, we show that alterations of either the architecture or the optimization problem can generate variants of ResNet which improve the theoretical stability bounds. In addition, we establish stability bounds for the full (discrete) network associated with two variants of ResNet, in particular, bounds on the growth of the features and a measure of the sensitivity of the features with respect to perturbations. These results also help to show the relationship between the depth, regularization, and stability of the feature space. Computational experiments on the proposed variants show that the accuracy of ResNet is preserved and that the accuracy seems to be monotone with respect to the depth and various corruptions. 
### 77.FANet: Quality-Aware Feature Aggregation Network for RGB-T Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09855.pdf)
>  This paper investigates how to perform robust visual tracking in adverse and challenging conditions using complementary visual and thermal infrared data (RGB-T tracking). We propose a novel deep network architecture &#34;quality-aware Feature Aggregation Network (FANet)&#34; to achieve quality-aware aggregations of both hierarchical features and multimodal information for robust online RGB-T tracking. Unlike existing works that directly concatenate hierarchical deep features, our FANet learns the layer weights to adaptively aggregate them to handle the challenge of significant appearance changes caused by deformation, abrupt motion, background clutter and occlusion within each modality. Moreover, we employ the operations of max pooling, interpolation upsampling and convolution to transform these hierarchical and multi-resolution features into a uniform space at the same resolution for more effective feature aggregation. In different modalities, we elaborately design a multimodal aggregation sub-network to integrate all modalities collaboratively based on the predicted reliability degrees. Extensive experiments on large-scale benchmark datasets demonstrate that our FANet significantly outperforms other state-of-the-art RGB-T tracking methods. 
### 78.Robust RGB-D Face Recognition Using Attribute-Aware Loss  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09847.pdf)
>  Existing convolutional neural network (CNN) based face recognition algorithms typically learn a discriminative feature mapping, using a loss function that enforces separation of features from different classes and/or aggregation of features within the same class. However, they may suffer from bias in the training data such as uneven sampling density, because they optimize the adjacency relationship of the learned features without considering the proximity of the underlying faces. Moreover, since they only use facial images for training, the learned feature mapping may not correctly indicate the relationship of other attributes such as gender and ethnicity, which can be important for some face recognition applications. In this paper, we propose a new CNN-based face recognition approach that incorporates such attributes into the training process. Using an attribute-aware loss function that regularizes the feature mapping using attribute proximity, our approach learns more discriminative features that are correlated with the attributes. We train our face recognition model on a large-scale RGB-D data set with over 100K identities captured under real application conditions. By comparing our approach with other methods on a variety of experiments, we demonstrate that depth channel and attribute-aware loss greatly improve the accuracy and robustness of face recognition. 
### 79.Keep Drawing It: Iterative language-based image generation and editing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09845.pdf)
>  Conditional text-to-image generation approaches commonly focus on generating a single image in a single step. One practical extension beyond one-step generation is an interactive system that generates an image iteratively, conditioned on ongoing linguistic input / feedback. This is significantly more challenging as such a system must understand and keep track of the ongoing context and history. In this work, we present a recurrent image generation model which takes into account both the generated output up to the current step as well as all past instructions for generation. We show that our model is able to generate the background, add new objects, apply simple transformations to existing objects, and correct previous mistakes. We believe our approach is an important step toward interactive generation. 
### 80.Efficient Video Understanding via Layered Multi Frame-Rate Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09834.pdf)
>  One of the greatest challenges in the design of a real-time perception system for autonomous driving vehicles and drones is the conflicting requirement of safety (high prediction accuracy) and efficiency. Traditional approaches use a single frame rate for the entire system. Motivated by the observation that the lack of robustness against environmental factors is the major weakness of compact ConvNet architectures, we propose a dual frame-rate system that brings in the best of both worlds: A modulator stream that executes an expensive models robust to environmental factors at a low frame rate to extract slowly changing features describing the environment, and a prediction stream that executes a light-weight model at real-time to extract transient signals that describes particularities of the current frame. The advantage of our design is validated by our extensive empirical study, showing that our solution leads to consistent improvements using a variety of backbone architecture choice and input resolutions. These findings suggest multiple frame-rate systems as a promising direction in designing efficient perception for autonomous agents. 
### 81.Attention, Please! Adversarial Defense via Attention Rectification and Preservation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09831.pdf)
>  This study provides a new understanding of the adversarial attack problem by examining the correlation between adversarial attack and visual attention change. In particular, we observed that: (1) images with incomplete attention regions are more vulnerable to adversarial attacks; and (2) successful adversarial attacks lead to deviated and scattered attention map. Accordingly, an attention-based adversarial defense framework is designed to simultaneously rectify the attention map for prediction and preserve the attention area between adversarial and original images. The problem of adding iteratively attacked samples is also discussed in the context of visual attention change. We hope the attention-related data analysis and defense solution in this study will shed some light on the mechanism behind the adversarial attack and also facilitate future adversarial defense/attack model design. 
### 82.Object Detection based Deep Unsupervised Hashing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09822.pdf)
>  Recently, similarity-preserving hashing methods have been extensively studied for large-scale image retrieval. Compared with unsupervised hashing, supervised hashing methods for labeled data have usually better performance by utilizing semantic label information. Intuitively, for unlabeled data, it will improve the performance of unsupervised hashing methods if we can first mine some supervised semantic &#39;label information&#39; from unlabeled data and then incorporate the &#39;label information&#39; into the training process. Thus, in this paper, we propose a novel Object Detection based Deep Unsupervised Hashing method (ODDUH). Specifically, a pre-trained object detection model is utilized to mining supervised &#39;label information&#39;, which is used to guide the learning process to generate high-quality hash codes.Extensive experiments on two public datasets demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art unsupervised hashing methods in the image retrieval task. 
### 83.Bayesian QuickNAT: Model Uncertainty in Deep Whole-Brain Segmentation for Structure-wise Quality Control  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09800.pdf)
>  We introduce Bayesian QuickNAT for the automated quality control of whole-brain segmentation on MRI T1 scans. Next to the Bayesian fully convolutional neural network, we also present inherent measures of segmentation uncertainty that allow for quality control per brain structure. For estimating model uncertainty, we follow a Bayesian approach, wherein, Monte Carlo (MC) samples from the posterior distribution are generated by keeping the dropout layers active at test time. Entropy over the MC samples provides a voxel-wise model uncertainty map, whereas expectation over the MC predictions provides the final segmentation. Next to voxel-wise uncertainty, we introduce four metrics to quantify structure-wise uncertainty in segmentation for quality control. We report experiments on four out-of-sample datasets comprising of diverse age range, pathology and imaging artifacts. The proposed structure-wise uncertainty metrics are highly correlated with the Dice score estimated with manual annotation and therefore present an inherent measure of segmentation quality. In particular, the intersection over union over all the MC samples is a suitable proxy for the Dice score. In addition to quality control at scan-level, we propose to incorporate the structure-wise uncertainty as a measure of confidence to do reliable group analysis on large data repositories. We envisage that the introduced uncertainty metrics would help assess the fidelity of automated deep learning based segmentation methods for large-scale population studies, as they enable automated quality control and group analyses in processing large data repositories. 
### 84.Exploiting Test Time Evidence to Improve Predictions of Deep Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09796.pdf)
>  Many prediction tasks, especially in computer vision, are often inherently ambiguous. For example, the output of semantic segmentation may depend on the scale one is looking at, and image saliency or video summarization is often user or context dependent. Arguably, in such scenarios, exploiting instance specific evidence, such as scale or user context, can help resolve the underlying ambiguity leading to the improved predictions. While existing literature has considered incorporating such evidence in classical models such as probabilistic graphical models (PGMs), there is limited (or no) prior work looking at this problem in the context of deep neural network (DNN) models. In this paper, we present a generic multi task learning (MTL) based framework which handles the evidence as the output of one or more secondary tasks, while modeling the original problem as the primary task of interest. Our training phase is identical to the one used by standard MTL architectures. During prediction, we back-propagate the loss on secondary task(s) such that network weights are re-adjusted to match the evidence. An early stopping or two norm based regularizer ensures weights do not deviate significantly from the ones learned originally. Implementation in two specific scenarios (a) predicting semantic segmentation given the image level tags (b) predicting instance level segmentation given the text description of the image, clearly demonstrates the effectiveness of our proposed approach. 
### 85.Self-Supervised Video Representation Learning with Space-Time Cubic Puzzles  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09795.pdf)
>  Self-supervised tasks such as colorization, inpainting and zigsaw puzzle have been utilized for visual representation learning for still images, when the number of labeled images is limited or absent at all. Recently, this worthwhile stream of study extends to video domain where the cost of human labeling is even more expensive. However, the most of existing methods are still based on 2D CNN architectures that can not directly capture spatio-temporal information for video applications. In this paper, we introduce a new self-supervised task called as \textit{Space-Time Cubic Puzzles} to train 3D CNNs using large scale video dataset. This task requires a network to arrange permuted 3D spatio-temporal crops. By completing \textit{Space-Time Cubic Puzzles}, the network learns both spatial appearance and temporal relation of video frames, which is our final goal. In experiments, we demonstrate that our learned 3D representation is well transferred to action recognition tasks, and outperforms state-of-the-art 2D CNN-based competitors on UCF101 and HMDB51 datasets. 
### 86.Discriminative Feature Learning for Unsupervised Video Summarization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09791.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of unsupervised video summarization that automatically extracts key-shots from an input video. Specifically, we tackle two critical issues based on our empirical observations: (i) Ineffective feature learning due to flat distributions of output importance scores for each frame, and (ii) training difficulty when dealing with long-length video inputs. To alleviate the first problem, we propose a simple yet effective regularization loss term called variance loss. The proposed variance loss allows a network to predict output scores for each frame with high discrepancy which enables effective feature learning and significantly improves model performance. For the second problem, we design a novel two-stream network named Chunk and Stride Network (CSNet) that utilizes local (chunk) and global (stride) temporal view on the video features. Our CSNet gives better summarization results for long-length videos compared to the existing methods. In addition, we introduce an attention mechanism to handle the dynamic information in videos. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed methods by conducting extensive ablation studies and show that our final model achieves new state-of-the-art results on two benchmark datasets. 
### 87.Spatio-Temporal Road Scene Reconstruction using Superpixel MRF  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09790.pdf)
>  Scene models construction based on image rendering is a hot topic in the computer vision community. In this paper, we propose a framework to construct road scene models based on 3D corridor structures. The construction of scene models consists of two successive stages: road detection and scene construction. The road detection is implemented via a new superpixel Markov random field (MRF) algorithm. The data fidelity term of the energy function is jointly computed using the superpixel features of color, texture and location. The smoothness term is defined by the interaction of spatio-temporally adjacent superpixels. The control points of road boundaries are generated with the constraint of vanishing point. Subsequently, the road scene models are constructed, where the foreground and background regions are modeled independently. Numerous applications are developed based on the proposed framework, e.g., traffic scenes simulation. The experiments and comparisons are conducted for both the road detection and scene construction stages, which prove the effectiveness of the proposed method. 
### 88.Senti-Attend: Image Captioning using Sentiment and Attention  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09789.pdf)
>  There has been much recent work on image captioning models that describe the factual aspects of an image. Recently, some models have incorporated non-factual aspects into the captions, such as sentiment or style. However, such models typically have difficulty in balancing the semantic aspects of the image and the non-factual dimensions of the caption; in addition, it can be observed that humans may focus on different aspects of an image depending on the chosen sentiment or style of the caption. To address this, we design an attention-based model to better add sentiment to image captions. The model embeds and learns sentiment with respect to image-caption data, and uses both high-level and word-level sentiment information during the learning process. The model outperforms the state-of-the-art work in image captioning with sentiment using standard evaluation metrics. An analysis of generated captions also shows that our model does this by a better selection of the sentiment-bearing adjectives and adjective-noun pairs. 
### 89.What and Where: A Context-based Recommendation System for Object Insertion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09783.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a novel topic consisting of two dual tasks: 1) given a scene, recommend objects to insert, 2) given an object category, retrieve suitable background scenes. A bounding box for the inserted object is predicted in both tasks, which helps downstream applications such as semi-automated advertising and video composition. The major challenge lies in the fact that the target object is neither present nor localized at test time, whereas available datasets only provide scenes with existing objects. To tackle this problem, we build an unsupervised algorithm based on object-level contexts, which explicitly models the joint probability distribution of object categories and bounding boxes with a Gaussian mixture model. Experiments on our newly annotated test set demonstrate that our system outperforms existing baselines on all subtasks, and do so under a unified framework. Our contribution promises future extensions and applications. 
### 90.A^2Net: Adjacent Aggregation Networks for Image Raindrop Removal  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09780.pdf)
>  Existing methods for single images raindrop removal either have poor robustness or suffer from parameter burdens. In this paper, we propose a new Adjacent Aggregation Network (A^2Net) with lightweight architectures to remove raindrops from single images. Instead of directly cascading convolutional layers, we design an adjacent aggregation architecture to better fuse features for rich representations generation, which can lead to high quality images reconstruction. To further simplify the learning process, we utilize a problem-specific knowledge to force the network focus on the luminance channel in the YUV color space instead of all RGB channels. By combining adjacent aggregating operation with color space transformation, the proposed A^2Net can achieve state-of-the-art performances on raindrop removal with significant parameters reduction. 
### 91.Mean Local Group Average Precision (mLGAP): A New Performance Metric for Hashing-based Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09763.pdf)
>  The research on hashing techniques for visual data is gaining increased attention in recent years due to the need for compact representations supporting efficient search/retrieval in large-scale databases such as online images. Among many possibilities, Mean Average Precision(mAP) has emerged as the dominant performance metric for hashing-based retrieval. One glaring shortcoming of mAP is its inability in balancing retrieval accuracy and utilization of hash codes: pushing a system to attain higher mAP will inevitably lead to poorer utilization of the hash codes. Poor utilization of the hash codes hinders good retrieval because of increased collision of samples in the hash space. This means that a model giving a higher mAP values does not necessarily do a better job in retrieval. In this paper, we introduce a new metric named Mean Local Group Average Precision (mLGAP) for better evaluation of the performance of hashing-based retrieval. The new metric provides a retrieval performance measure that also reconciles the utilization of hash codes, leading to a more practically meaningful performance metric than conventional ones like mAP. To this end, we start by mathematical analysis of the deficiencies of mAP for hashing-based retrieval. We then propose mLGAP and show why it is more appropriate for hashing-based retrieval. Experiments on image retrieval are used to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed metric. 
### 92.Automating Motion Correction in Multishot MRI Using Generative Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09750.pdf)
>  Multishot Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) has recently gained popularity as it accelerates the MRI data acquisition process without compromising the quality of final MR image. However, it suffers from motion artifacts caused by patient movements which may lead to misdiagnosis. Modern state-of-the-art motion correction techniques are able to counter small degree motion, however, their adoption is hindered by their time complexity. This paper proposes a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) for reconstructing motion free high-fidelity images while reducing the image reconstruction time by an impressive two orders of magnitude. 
### 93.Divergence Prior and Vessel-tree Reconstruction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09745.pdf)
>  We propose a new geometric regularization principle for reconstructing vector fields based on prior knowledge about their divergence. As one important example of this general idea, we focus on vector fields modelling blood flow pattern that should be divergent in arteries and convergent in veins. We show that this previously ignored regularization constraint can significantly improve the quality of vessel tree reconstruction particularly around bifurcations where non-zero divergence is concentrated. Our divergence prior is critical for resolving (binary) sign ambiguity in flow orientations produced by standard vessel filters, e.g. Frangi. Our vessel tree centerline reconstruction combines divergence constraints with robust curvature regularization. Our unsupervised method can reconstruct complete vessel trees with near-capillary details on synthetic and real 3D volumes. 
### 94.Generate, Segment and Replace: Towards Generic Manipulation Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09729.pdf)
>  It has been witnessed an emerging demand for image manipulation segmentation to distinguish between fake images produced by advanced photo editing software and authentic ones. In this paper, we describe an approach based on semantic segmentation for detecting image manipulation. The approach consists of three stages. A generation stage generates hard manipulated images from authentic images using a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) based model by cutting a region out of a training sample, pasting it into an authentic image and then passing the image through a GAN to generate harder true positive tampered region. A segmentation stage and a replacement stage, sharing weights with each other, then collaboratively construct dense predictions of tampered regions. We achieve state-of-the-art performance on four public image manipulation detection benchmarks while maintaining robustness to various attacks. 
### 95.Learning to attend in a brain-inspired deep neural network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09699.pdf)
>  Recent machine learning models have shown that including attention as a component results in improved model accuracy and interpretability, despite the concept of attention in these approaches only loosely approximating the brain&#39;s attention mechanism. Here we extend this work by building a more brain-inspired deep network model of the primate ATTention Network (ATTNet) that learns to shift its attention so as to maximize the reward. Using deep reinforcement learning, ATTNet learned to shift its attention to the visual features of a target category in the context of a search task. ATTNet&#39;s dorsal layers also learned to prioritize these shifts of attention so as to maximize success of the ventral pathway classification and receive greater reward. Model behavior was tested against the fixations made by subjects searching images for the same cued category. Both subjects and ATTNet showed evidence for attention being preferentially directed to target goals, behaviorally measured as oculomotor guidance to targets. More fundamentally, ATTNet learned to shift its attention to target like objects and spatially route its visual inputs to accomplish the task. This work makes a step toward a better understanding of the role of attention in the brain and other computational systems. 
### 96.Detailed Investigation of Deep Features with Sparse Representation and Dimensionality Reduction in CBIR: A Comparative Study  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09681.pdf)
>  Research on content-based image retrieval (CBIR) has been under development for decades, and numerous methods have been competing to extract the most discriminative features for improved representation of the image content. Recently, deep learning methods have gained attention in computer vision, including CBIR. In this paper, we present a comparative investigation of different features, including low-level and high-level features, for CBIR. We compare the performance of CBIR systems using different deep features with state-of-the-art low-level features such as SIFT, SURF, HOG, LBP, and LTP, using different dictionaries and coefficient learning techniques. Furthermore, we conduct comparisons with a set of primitive and popular features that have been used in this field, including colour histograms and Gabor features. We also investigate the discriminative power of deep features using certain similarity measures under different validation approaches. Furthermore, we investigate the effects of the dimensionality reduction of deep features on the performance of CBIR systems using principal component analysis, discrete wavelet transform, and discrete cosine transform. Unprecedentedly, the experimental results demonstrate high (95\% and 93\%) mean average precisions when using the VGG-16 FC7 deep features of Corel-1000 and Coil-20 datasets with 10-D and 20-D K-SVD, respectively. 
### 97.CNN based dense underwater 3D scene reconstruction by transfer learning using bubble database  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09675.pdf)
>  Dense 3D shape acquisition of swimming human or live fish is an important research topic for sports, biological science and so on. For this purpose, active stereo sensor is usually used in the air, however it cannot be applied to the underwater environment because of refraction, strong light attenuation and severe interference of bubbles. Passive stereo is a simple solution for capturing dynamic scenes at underwater environment, however the shape with textureless surfaces or irregular reflections cannot be recovered. Recently, the stereo camera pair with a pattern projector for adding artificial textures on the objects is proposed. However, to use the system for underwater environment, several problems should be compensated, i.e., disturbance by fluctuation and bubbles. Simple solution is to use convolutional neural network for stereo to cancel the effects of bubbles and/or water fluctuation. Since it is not easy to train CNN with small size of database with large variation, we develop a special bubble generation device to efficiently create real bubble database of multiple size and density. In addition, we propose a transfer learning technique for multi-scale CNN to effectively remove bubbles and projected-patterns on the object. Further, we develop a real system and actually captured live swimming human, which has not been done before. Experiments are conducted to show the effectiveness of our method compared with the state of the art techniques. 
### 98.A New Cervical Cytology Dataset for Nucleus Detection and Image Classification (Cervix93) and Methods for Cervical Nucleus Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09651.pdf)
>  Analyzing Pap cytology slides is an important tasks in detecting and grading precancerous and cancerous cervical cancer stages. Processing cytology images usually involve segmenting nuclei and overlapping cells. We introduce a cervical cytology dataset that can be used to evaluate nucleus detection, as well as image classification methods in the cytology image processing area. This dataset contains 93 real image stacks with their grade labels and manually annotated nuclei within images. We also present two methods: a baseline method based on a previously proposed approach, and a deep learning method, and compare their results with other state-of-the-art methods. Both the baseline method and the deep learning method outperform other state-of-the-art methods by significant margins. Along with the dataset, we publicly make the evaluation code and the baseline method available to download for further benchmarking. 
### 99.NeuroTreeNet: A New Method to Explore Horizontal Expansion Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09618.pdf)
>  It is widely recognized that the deeper networks or networks with more feature maps have better performance. Existing studies mainly focus on extending the network depth and increasing the feature maps of networks. At the same time, horizontal expansion network (e.g. Inception Model) as an alternative way to improve network performance has not been fully investigated. Accordingly, we proposed NeuroTreeNet (NTN), as a new horizontal extension network through the combination of random forest and Inception Model. Based on the tree structure, in which each branch represents a network and the root node features are shared to child nodes, network parameters are effectively reduced. By combining all features of leaf nodes, even less feature maps achieved better performance. In addition, the relationship between tree structure and the performance of NTN was investigated in depth. Comparing to other networks (e.g. VDSR\_5) with equal magnitude parameters, our model showed preferable performance in super resolution reconstruction task. 
### 100.A deep neural network predicts survival after heart imaging better than cardiologists  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10553.pdf)
>  Predicting future clinical events, such as death, is an important task in medicine that helps physicians guide appropriate action. Neural networks have particular promise to assist with medical prediction tasks related to clinical imaging by learning patterns from large datasets. Significant advances have been made in predicting complex diagnoses from medical imaging[1-5]. Predicting future events, then, is a natural but relatively unexplored extension of those efforts. Moreover, neural networks have not yet been applied to medical videos on a large scale, such as ultrasound of the heart (echocardiography). Here we show that a large dataset of 723,754 clinically-acquired echocardiographic videos (approx. 45 million images) linked to longitudinal follow-up data in 27,028 patients can be used to train a deep neural network to predict 1-year survival with good accuracy. We also demonstrate that prediction accuracy can be further improved by adding highly predictive clinical variables from the electronic health record. Finally, in a blinded, independent test set, the trained neural network was more accurate in discriminating 1-year survival outcomes than two expert cardiologists. These results therefore highlight the potential of neural networks to add new predictive power to clinical image interpretations. 
### 101.MR-GAN: Manifold Regularized Generative Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10427.pdf)
>  Despite the growing interest in generative adversarial networks (GANs), training GANs remains a challenging problem, both from a theoretical and a practical standpoint. To address this challenge, in this paper, we propose a novel way to exploit the unique geometry of the real data, especially the manifold information. More specifically, we design a method to regularize GAN training by adding an additional regularization term referred to as manifold regularizer. The manifold regularizer forces the generator to respect the unique geometry of the real data manifold and generate high quality data. Furthermore, we theoretically prove that the addition of this regularization term in any class of GANs including DCGAN and Wasserstein GAN leads to improved performance in terms of generalization, existence of equilibrium, and stability. Preliminary experiments show that the proposed manifold regularization helps in avoiding mode collapse and leads to stable training. 
### 102.InstaNAS: Instance-aware Neural Architecture Search  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10201.pdf)
>  Neural Architecture Search (NAS) aims at finding one &#34;single&#34; architecture that achieves the best accuracy for a given task such as image recognition.In this paper, we study the instance-level variation,and demonstrate that instance-awareness is an important yet currently missing component of NAS. Based on this observation, we propose InstaNAS for searching toward instance-level architectures;the controller is trained to search and form a &#34;distribution of architectures&#34; instead of a single final architecture. Then during the inference phase, the controller selects an architecture from the distribution, tailored for each unseen image to achieve both high accuracy and short latency. The experimental results show that InstaNAS reduces the inference latency without compromising classification accuracy. On average, InstaNAS achieves 48.9% latency reduction on CIFAR-10 and 40.2% latency reduction on CIFAR-100 with respect to MobileNetV2 architecture. 
### 103.Is Data Clustering in Adversarial Settings Secure?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09982.pdf)
>  Clustering algorithms have been increasingly adopted in security applications to spot dangerous or illicit activities. However, they have not been originally devised to deal with deliberate attack attempts that may aim to subvert the clustering process itself. Whether clustering can be safely adopted in such settings remains thus questionable. In this work we propose a general framework that allows one to identify potential attacks against clustering algorithms, and to evaluate their impact, by making specific assumptions on the adversary&#39;s goal, knowledge of the attacked system, and capabilities of manipulating the input data. We show that an attacker may significantly poison the whole clustering process by adding a relatively small percentage of attack samples to the input data, and that some attack samples may be obfuscated to be hidden within some existing clusters. We present a case study on single-linkage hierarchical clustering, and report experiments on clustering of malware samples and handwritten digits. 
### 104.On Periodic Functions as Regularizers for Quantization of Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09862.pdf)
>  Deep learning models have been successfully used in computer vision and many other fields. We propose an unorthodox algorithm for performing quantization of the model parameters. In contrast with popular quantization schemes based on thresholds, we use a novel technique based on periodic functions, such as continuous trigonometric sine or cosine as well as non-continuous hat functions. We apply these functions component-wise and add the sum over the model parameters as a regularizer to the model loss during training. The frequency and amplitude hyper-parameters of these functions can be adjusted during training. The regularization pushes the weights into discrete points that can be encoded as integers. We show that using this technique the resulting quantized models exhibit the same accuracy as the original ones on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet datasets. 
### 105.Robustness via curvature regularization, and vice versa  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09716.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art classifiers have been shown to be largely vulnerable to adversarial perturbations. One of the most effective strategies to improve robustness is adversarial training. In this paper, we investigate the effect of adversarial training on the geometry of the classification landscape and decision boundaries. We show in particular that adversarial training leads to a significant decrease in the curvature of the loss surface with respect to inputs, leading to a drastically more &#34;linear&#34; behaviour of the network. Using a locally quadratic approximation, we provide theoretical evidence on the existence of a strong relation between large robustness and small curvature. To further show the importance of reduced curvature for improving the robustness, we propose a new regularizer that directly minimizes curvature of the loss surface, and leads to adversarial robustness that is on par with adversarial training. Besides being a more efficient and principled alternative to adversarial training, the proposed regularizer confirms our claims on the importance of exhibiting quasi-linear behavior in the vicinity of data points in order to achieve robustness. 
### 106.Unsupervised brain lesion segmentation from MRI using a convolutional autoencoder  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.09655.pdf)
>  Lesions that appear hyperintense in both Fluid Attenuated Inversion Recovery (FLAIR) and T2-weighted magnetic resonance images (MRIs) of the human brain are common in the brains of the elderly population and may be caused by ischemia or demyelination. Lesions are biomarkers for various neurodegenerative diseases, making accurate quantification of them important for both disease diagnosis and progression. Automatic lesion detection using supervised learning requires manually annotated images, which can often be impractical to acquire. Unsupervised lesion detection, on the other hand, does not require any manual delineation; however, these methods can be challenging to construct due to the variability in lesion load, placement of lesions, and voxel intensities. Here we present a novel approach to address this problem using a convolutional autoencoder, which learns to segment brain lesions as well as the white matter, gray matter, and cerebrospinal fluid by reconstructing FLAIR images as conical combinations of softmax layer outputs generated from the corresponding T1, T2, and FLAIR images. Some of the advantages of this model are that it accurately learns to segment lesions regardless of lesion load, and it can be used to quickly and robustly segment new images that were not in the training set. Comparisons with state-of-the-art segmentation methods evaluated on ground truth manual labels indicate that the proposed method works well for generating accurate lesion segmentations without the need for manual annotations. 
### 107.A temporal neural network model for object recognition using a biologically plausible decision making layer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1806.09334.pdf)
>  Brain can recognize different objects as ones that it has experienced before. The recognition accuracy and its processing time depend on task properties such as viewing condition, level of noise and etc. Recognition accuracy can be well explained by different models. However, less attention has been paid to the processing time and the ones that do, are not biologically plausible. By extracting features temporally as well as utilizing an accumulation to bound decision making model, an object recognition model accounting for both recognition time and accuracy is proposed. To temporally extract informative features in support of possible classes of stimuli, a hierarchical spiking neural network, called spiking HMAX is modified. In the decision making part of the model the extracted information accumulates over time using accumulator units. The input category is determined as soon as any of the accumulators reaches a threshold, called decision bound. Results show that not only does the model follow human accuracy in a psychophysics task better than the classic spiking HMAX model, but also it predicts human response time in each choice. Results provide enough evidence that temporal representation of features are informative since they can improve the accuracy of a biological plausible decision maker over time. This is also in line with the well-known idea of speed accuracy trade-off in decision making studies. 
