# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 22 Nov 2018
### 1.HAQ: Hardware-Aware Automated Quantization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08886.pdf)
>  Model quantization is a widely used technique to compress and accelerate deep neural network (DNN) inference. Emergent DNN hardware accelerators begin to support flexible bitwidth (1-8 bits) to further improve the computation efficiency, which raises a great challenge to find the optimal bitwidth for each layer: it requires domain experts to explore the vast design space trading off among accuracy, latency, power, and model size, which is both time-consuming and sub-optimal. Conventional quantization algorithm ignores the different hardware architectures and quantizes all the layers in an uniform way. In this paper, we introduce the Hardware-Aware Automated Quantization (HAQ) framework which leverages the reinforcement learning to automatically determine the quantization policy, and we take the hardware accelerator&#39;s feedback in the design loop. Rather than relying on proxy signals such as FLOPs and model size, we employ a hardware simulator to generate direct feedback signals to the RL agent. Compared with conventional methods, our framework is fully automated and can specialize the quantization policy for different neural network architectures and hardware architectures. Our framework effectively reduced the latency by 1.4-1.95x and the energy consumption by 1.9x with negligible loss of accuracy compared with the fixed bitwidth (8 bits) quantization. Our framework reveals that the optimal policies on different hardware architectures (i.e., edge and cloud architectures) under different resource constraints (i.e., latency, power and model size) are drastically different. We interpreted the implication of different quantization policies, which offer insights for both neural network architecture design and hardware architecture design. 
### 2.Rethinking ImageNet Pre-training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08883.pdf)
>  We report competitive results on object detection and instance segmentation on the COCO dataset using standard models trained from random initialization. The results are no worse than their ImageNet pre-training counterparts even when using the hyper-parameters of the baseline system (Mask R-CNN) that were optimized for fine-tuning pre-trained models, with the sole exception of increasing the number of training iterations so the randomly initialized models may converge. Training from random initialization is surprisingly robust; our results hold even when: (i) using only 10% of the training data, (ii) for deeper and wider models, and (iii) for multiple tasks and metrics. Experiments show that ImageNet pre-training speeds up convergence early in training, but does not necessarily provide regularization or improve final target task accuracy. To push the envelope we demonstrate 50.9 AP on COCO object detection without using any external data---a result on par with the top COCO 2017 competition results that used ImageNet pre-training. These observations challenge the conventional wisdom of ImageNet pre-training for dependent tasks and we expect these discoveries will encourage people to rethink the current de facto paradigm of `pre-training and fine-tuning&#39; in computer vision. 
### 3.fastMRI: An Open Dataset and Benchmarks for Accelerated MRI  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08839.pdf)
>  Accelerating Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) by taking fewer measurements has the potential to reduce medical costs, minimize stress to patients and make MRI possible in applications where it is currently prohibitively slow or expensive. We introduce the fastMRI dataset, a large-scale collection of both raw MR measurements and clinical MR images, that can be used for training and evaluation of machine-learning approaches to MR image reconstruction. By introducing standardized evaluation criteria and a freely-accessible dataset, our goal is to help the community make rapid advances in the state of the art for MR image reconstruction. We also provide a self-contained introduction to MRI for machine learning researchers with no medical imaging background. 
### 4.Recognizing Disguised Faces in the Wild  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08837.pdf)
>  Research in face recognition has seen tremendous growth over the past couple of decades. Beginning from algorithms capable of performing recognition in constrained environments, the current face recognition systems achieve very high accuracies on large-scale unconstrained face datasets. While upcoming algorithms continue to achieve improved performance, a majority of the face recognition systems are susceptible to failure under disguise variations, one of the most challenging covariate of face recognition. Most of the existing disguise datasets contain images with limited variations, often captured in controlled settings. This does not simulate a real world scenario, where both intentional and unintentional unconstrained disguises are encountered by a face recognition system. In this paper, a novel Disguised Faces in the Wild (DFW) dataset is proposed which contains over 11000 images of 1000 identities with different types of disguise accessories. The dataset is collected from the Internet, resulting in unconstrained face images similar to real world settings. This is the first-of-a-kind dataset with the availability of impersonator and genuine obfuscated face images for each subject. The proposed dataset has been analyzed in terms of three levels of difficulty: (i) easy, (ii) medium, and (iii) hard in order to showcase the challenging nature of the problem. It is our view that the research community can greatly benefit from the DFW dataset in terms of developing algorithms robust to such adversaries. The proposed dataset was released as part of the First International Workshop and Competition on Disguised Faces in the Wild at CVPR, 2018. This paper presents the DFW dataset in detail, including the evaluation protocols, baseline results, performance analysis of the submissions received as part of the competition, and three levels of difficulties of the DFW challenge dataset. 
### 5.Early Fusion for Goal Directed Robotic Vision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08824.pdf)
>  Increasingly, perceptual systems are being codified as strict pipelines wherein vision is treated as a pre-processing step to provide a dense representation of the scene to planners for high level reasoning downstream. Problematically, this paradigm forces models to represent nearly every aspect of the scene even if it has no bearing on the task at hand. In this work, we flip this paradigm, by introducing vision models whose feature representations are conditioned on embedded representations of the agent&#39;s goal. This allows the model to build scene descriptions that are specifically designed to help achieve that goal. We find this leads to models that learn faster, are substantially more parameter efficient and more robust than existing attention mechanisms in our domain. Our experiments are performed on a simulated robot item retrieval problem and trained in a fully end-to-end manner via imitation learning. 
### 6.Trajectory PHD and CPHD filters  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08820.pdf)
>  This paper presents the probability hypothesis density filter (PHD) and the cardinality PHD (CPHD) filter for sets of trajectories, which are referred to as the trajectory PHD (TPHD) and trajectory CPHD (TCPHD) filters. Contrary to the PHD/CPHD filters, the TPHD/TCPHD filters are able to produce trajectory estimates from first principles. The TPHD filter is derived by recursively obtaining the best Poisson multitrajectory density approximation to the posterior density over the alive trajectories by minimising the Kullback-Leibler divergence. The TCPHD is derived in the same way but propagating an independent identically distributed (IID) cluster multitrajectory density approximation. We also propose the Gaussian mixture implementations of the TPHD and TCPHD recursions, the Gaussian mixture TPHD (GMTPHD) and the Gaussian mixture TCPHD (GMTCPHD), and the L-scan computationally efficient implementations, which only update the density of the trajectory states of the last L time steps. 
### 7.Locally-Consistent Deformable Convolution Networks for Fine-Grained Action Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08815.pdf)
>  Fine-grained action detection is an important task with numerous applications in robotics, human-computer interaction, and video surveillance. Several existing methods use the popular two-stream approach, which learns the spatial and temporal information independently from one another. Additionally, the temporal stream of the model usually relies on extracted optical flow from the video stream. In this work, we propose a deep learning model to jointly learn both spatial and temporal information without the necessity of optical flow. We also propose a novel convolution, namely locally-consistent deformable convolution, which enforces a local coherency constraint on the receptive fields. The model produces short-term spatio-temporal features, which can be flexibly used in conjunction with other long-temporal modeling networks. The proposed features used in conjunction with a major state-of-the-art long-temporal model ED-TCN outperforms the original ED-TCN implementation on two fine-grained action datasets: 50 Salads and GTEA, by up to 10.0% and 4.3%, and also outperforms the recent state-of-the-art TDRN, by up to 5.9% and 2.6%. 
### 8.Dynamic-Net: Tuning the Objective Without Re-training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08760.pdf)
>  One of the key ingredients for successful optimization of modern CNNs is identifying a suitable objective. To date, the objective is fixed a-priori at training time, and any variation to it requires re-training a new network. In this paper we present a first attempt at alleviating the need for re-training. Rather than fixing the network at training time, we train a &#34;Dynamic-Net&#34; that can be modified at inference time. Our approach considers an &#34;objective-space&#34; as the space of all linear combinations of two objectives, and the Dynamic-Net can traverse this objective-space at test-time, without any further training. We show that this upgrades pre-trained networks by providing an out-of-learning extension, while maintaining the performance quality. The solution we propose is fast and allows a user to interactively modify the network, in real-time, in order to obtain the result he/she desires. We show the benefits of such an approach via several different applications. 
### 9.Chan-Vese Reformulation for Selective Image Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08751.pdf)
>  Selective segmentation involves incorporating user input to partition an image into foreground and background, by discriminating between objects of a similar type. Typically, such methods involve introducing additional constraints to generic segmentation approaches. However, we show that this is often inconsistent with respect to common assumptions about the image. The proposed method introduces a new fitting term that is more useful in practice than the Chan-Vese framework. In particular, the idea is to define a term that allows for the background to consist of multiple regions of inhomogeneity. We provide comparitive experimental results to alternative approaches to demonstrate the advantages of the proposed method, broadening the possible application of these methods. 
### 10.Gated Context Aggregation Network for Image Dehazing and Deraining  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08747.pdf)
>  Image dehazing aims to recover the uncorrupted content from a hazy image. Instead of leveraging traditional low-level or handcrafted image priors as the restoration constraints, e.g., dark channels and increased contrast, we propose an end-to-end gated context aggregation network to directly restore the final haze-free image. In this network, we adopt the latest smoothed dilation technique to help remove the gridding artifacts caused by the widely-used dilated convolution with negligible extra parameters, and leverage a gated sub-network to fuse the features from different levels. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our method can surpass previous state-of-the-art methods by a large margin both quantitatively and qualitatively. In addition, to demonstrate the generality of the proposed method, we further apply it to the image deraining task, which also achieves the state-of-the-art performance. 
### 11.Semantic Stereo for Incidental Satellite Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08739.pdf)
>  The increasingly common use of incidental satellite images for stereo reconstruction versus rigidly tasked binocular or trinocular coincident collection is helping to enable timely global-scale 3D mapping; however, reliable stereo correspondence from multi-date image pairs remains very challenging due to seasonal appearance differences and scene change. Promising recent work suggests that semantic scene segmentation can provide a robust regularizing prior for resolving ambiguities in stereo correspondence and reconstruction problems. To enable research for pairwise semantic stereo and multi-view semantic 3D reconstruction with incidental satellite images, we have established a large-scale public dataset including multi-view, multi-band satellite images and ground truth geometric and semantic labels for two large cities. To demonstrate the complementary nature of the stereo and segmentation tasks, we present lightweight public baselines adapted from recent state of the art convolutional neural network models and assess their performance. 
### 12.SpotTune: Transfer Learning through Adaptive Fine-tuning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08737.pdf)
>  Transfer learning, which allows a source task to affect the inductive bias of the target task, is widely used in computer vision. The typical way of conducting transfer learning with deep neural networks is to fine-tune a model pre-trained on the source task using data from the target task. In this paper, we propose an adaptive fine-tuning approach, called SpotTune, which finds the optimal fine-tuning strategy per instance for the target data. In SpotTune, given an image from the target task, a policy network is used to make routing decisions on whether to pass the image through the fine-tuned layers or the pre-trained layers. We conduct extensive experiments to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach. Our method outperforms the traditional fine-tuning approach on 12 out of 14 standard datasets.We also compare SpotTune with other state-of-the-art fine-tuning strategies, showing superior performance. On the Visual Decathlon datasets, our method achieves the highest score across the board without bells and whistles. 
### 13.AttentionMask: Attentive, Efficient Object Proposal Generation Focusing on Small Objects  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08728.pdf)
>  We propose a novel approach for class-agnostic object proposal generation, which is efficient and especially well-suited to detect small objects. Efficiency is achieved by scale-specific objectness attention maps which focus the processing on promising parts of the image and reduce the amount of sampled windows strongly. This leads to a system, which is $33\%$ faster than the state-of-the-art and clearly outperforming state-of-the-art in terms of average recall. Secondly, we add a module for detecting small objects, which are often missed by recent models. We show that this module improves the average recall for small objects by about $53\%$. 
### 14.Graph Refinement based Tree Extraction using Mean-Field Networks and Graph Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08674.pdf)
>  Graph refinement, or the task of obtaining subgraphs of interest from over-complete graphs, can have many varied applications. In this work, we extract tree structures from image data by, first deriving a graph-based representation of the volumetric data and then, posing tree extraction as a graph refinement task. We present two methods to perform graph refinement. First, we use mean-field approximation (MFA) to approximate the posterior density over the subgraphs from which the optimal subgraph of interest can be estimated. Mean field networks (MFNs) are used for inference based on the interpretation that iterations of MFA can be seen as feed-forward operations in a neural network. This allows us to learn the model parameters using gradient descent. Second, we present a supervised learning approach using graph neural networks (GNNs) which can be seen as generalisations of MFNs. Subgraphs are obtained by jointly training a GNN based encoder-decoder pair, wherein the encoder learns useful edge embeddings from which the edge probabilities are predicted using a simple decoder. We discuss connections between the two classes of methods and compare them for the task of extracting airways from 3D, low-dose, chest CT data. We show that both the MFN and GNN models show significant improvement when compared to a baseline method, that is similar to a top performing method in the EXACT&#39;09 Challenge, in detecting more branches. 
### 15.Computational Decomposition of Style for Controllable and Enhanced Style Transfer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08668.pdf)
>  Neural style transfer has been demonstrated to be powerful in creating artistic image with help of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN). However, there is still lack of computational analysis of perceptual components of the artistic style. Different from some early attempts which studied the style by some pre-processing or post-processing techniques, we investigate the characteristics of the style systematically based on feature map produced by CNN. First, we computationally decompose the style into basic elements using not only spectrum based methods including Fast Fourier Transform (FFT), Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT) but also latent variable models such Principal Component Analysis (PCA), Independent Component Analysis (ICA). Then, the decomposition of style induces various ways of controlling the style elements which could be embedded as modules in state-of-the-art style transfer algorithms. Such decomposition of style brings several advantages. It enables the computational coding of different artistic styles by our style basis with similar styles clustering together, and thus it facilitates the mixing or intervention of styles based on the style basis from more than one styles so that compound style or new style could be generated to produce styled images. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our method on not only painting style transfer but also sketch style transfer which indicates possible applications on picture-to-sketch problems. 
### 16.Retina U-Net: Embarrassingly Simple Exploitation of Segmentation Supervision for Medical Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08661.pdf)
>  The task of localizing and categorizing objects in medical images often remains formulated as a semantic segmentation problem. This approach, however, only indirectly solves the coarse localization task by predicting pixel-level scores, requiring ad-hoc heuristics when mapping back to object-level scores. State-of-the-art object detectors on the other hand, allow for individual object scoring in an end-to-end fashion, while ironically trading in the ability to exploit the full pixel-wise supervision signal. This can be particularly disadvantageous in the setting of medical image analysis, where data sets are notoriously small. In this paper, we propose Retina U-Net, a simple architecture, which naturally fuses the Retina Net one-stage detector with the U-Net architecture widely used for semantic segmentation in medical images. The proposed architecture recaptures discarded supervision signals by complementing object detection with an auxiliary task in the form of semantic segmentation without introducing the additional complexity of previously proposed two-stage detectors. We evaluate the importance of full segmentation supervision on two medical data sets, provide an in-depth analysis on a series of toy experiments and show how the corresponding performance gain grows in the limit of small data sets. Retina U-Net yields strong detection performance only reached by its more complex two-staged counterparts. Our framework including all methods implemented for operation on 2D and 3D images is available at github.com/pfjaeger/medicaldetectiontoolkit. 
### 17.PersEmoN: A Deep Network for Joint Analysis of Apparent Personality, Emotion and Their Relationship  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08657.pdf)
>  Personality and emotion are both central to affective computing. Existing works solve them individually. In this paper we investigate if such high-level affect traits and their relationship can be jointly learned from face images in the wild. To this end, we introduce PersEmoN, an end-to-end trainable and deep Siamese-like network which we call emotion network and personality network, respectively. It consists of two convolutional network branches, one for emotion and the other for apparent personality. Both networks share their bottom feature extraction module and are optimized within a multi-task learning framework. Emotion and personality networks are dedicated to their own annotated dataset. An adversarial-like loss function is further employed to promote representation coherence among heterogeneous dataset sources. Based on this, the emotion-to-personality relationship is also well explored. Extensive experiments are provided to demonstrate the effectiveness of PersEmoN. 
### 18.A Fingerprint Indexing Method Based on Minutia Descriptor and Clustering  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08645.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a novel fingerprint indexing approach for speeding up in the fingerprint recognition system. What kind of features are used for indexing and how to employ the extracted features for searching are crucial for the fingerprint indexing. In this paper, we select a minutia descriptor, which has been used to improve the accuracy of the fingerprint matching, as a local feature for indexing and construct a fixed-length feature vector which will be used for searching from the minutia descriptors of the fingerprint image using a clustering. And we propose a fingerprint searching approach that uses the Euclidean distance between two feature vectors as the similarity between two indexing features. Our indexing approach has several benefits. It reduces searching time significantly and is irrespective of the existence of singular points and robust even though the size of the fingerprint image is small or the quality is low. And the constructed indexing vector by this approach is independent of the features which are used for indexing based on the geometrical relations between the minutiae, like one based on the minutiae triplets. Thus, the proposed approach could be combined with other indexing approaches to gain a better indexing performance. 
### 19.Synetgy: Algorithm-hardware Co-design for ConvNet Accelerators on Embedded FPGAs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08634.pdf)
>  Using FPGAs to accelerate ConvNets has attracted significant attention in recent years. However, FPGA accelerator design has not leveraged the latest progress of ConvNets. As a result, the key application characteristics such as frames-per-second (FPS) are ignored in favor of simply counting GOPs, and results on accuracy, which is critical to application success, are often not even reported. In this work, we adopt an algorithm-hardware co-design approach to develop a ConvNet accelerator called Synetgy and a novel ConvNet model called DiracNet. Both the accelerator and ConvNet are tailored to FPGA requirements. DiractNet, as the name suggests, is a ConvNet with only 1x1 convolutions while spatial convolutions are replaced by more efficient shift operations. DiracNet achieves competitive accuracy on ImageNet (89.0% top-5), but with 48x fewer parameters and 65x fewer OPs than VGG16. We further quantize DiracNet&#39;s weights to 1-bit and activations to 4-bits, with less than 1% accuracy loss. These quantizations exploit well the nature of FPGA hardware. In short, DiracNet&#39;s small model size, low computational OP count, ultra-low precision and simplified operators allow us to co-design a highly customized computing unit for an FPGA. We implement the computing units for DiracNet on an Ultra96 SoC system through high-level synthesis. The implementation only took 2 people 1 month to complete. Our accelerator&#39;s final top-5 accuracy of 88.3% on ImageNet, is higher than all the previously reported embedded FPGA accelerators. In addition, the accelerator reaches an inference speed of 72.8 FPS on the ImageNet classification task, surpassing prior works with similar accuracy by at least 12.8x. 
### 20.A Deep Tree-Structured Fusion Model for Single Image Deraining  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08632.pdf)
>  We propose a simple yet effective deep tree-structured fusion model based on feature aggregation for the deraining problem. We argue that by effectively aggregating features, a relatively simple network can still handle tough image deraining problems well. First, to capture the spatial structure of rain we use dilated convolutions as our basic network block. We then design a tree-structured fusion architecture which is deployed within each block (spatial information) and across all blocks (content information). Our method is based on the assumption that adjacent features contain redundant information. This redundancy obstructs generation of new representations and can be reduced by hierarchically fusing adjacent features. Thus, the proposed model is more compact and can effectively use spatial and content information. Experiments on synthetic and real-world datasets show that our network achieves better deraining results with fewer parameters. 
### 21.Angular Triplet-Center Loss for Multi-view 3D Shape Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08622.pdf)
>  How to obtain the desirable representation of a 3D shape, which is discriminative across categories and polymerized within classes, is a significant challenge in 3D shape retrieval. Most existing 3D shape retrieval methods focus on capturing strong discriminative shape representation with softmax loss for the classification task, while the shape feature learning with metric loss is neglected for 3D shape retrieval. In this paper, we address this problem based on the intuition that the cosine distance of shape embeddings should be close enough within the same class and far away across categories. Since most of 3D shape retrieval tasks use cosine distance of shape features for measuring shape similarity, we propose a novel metric loss named angular triplet-center loss, which directly optimizes the cosine distances between the features. It inherits the triplet-center loss property to achieve larger inter-class distance and smaller intra-class distance simultaneously. Unlike previous metric loss utilized in 3D shape retrieval methods, where Euclidean distance is adopted and the margin design is difficult, the proposed method is more convenient to train feature embeddings and more suitable for 3D shape retrieval. Moreover, the angle margin is adopted to replace the cosine margin in order to provide more explicit discriminative constraints on an embedding space. Extensive experimental results on two popular 3D object retrieval benchmarks, ModelNet40 and ShapeNetCore 55, demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed loss, and our method has achieved state-of-the-art results on various 3D shape datasets. 
### 22.Neural Networks with Activation Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08618.pdf)
>  This work presents an adaptive activation method for neural networks that exploits the interdependency of features. Each pixel, node, and layer is assigned with a polynomial activation function, whose coefficients are provided by an auxiliary activation network. The activation of a feature depends on the features of neighboring pixels in a convolutional layer and other nodes in a dense layer. The dependency is learned from data by the activation networks. In our experiments, networks with activation networks provide significant performance improvement compared to the baseline networks on which they are built. The proposed method can be used to improve the network performance as an alternative to increasing the number of nodes and layers. 
### 23.A Novel Integrated Framework for Learning both Text Detection and Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08611.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel integrated framework for learning both text detection and recognition. For most of the existing methods, detection and recognition are treated as two isolated tasks and trained separately, since parameters of detection and recognition models are different and two models target to optimize their own loss functions during individual training processes. In contrast to those methods, by sharing model parameters, we merge the detection model and recognition model into a single end-to-end trainable model and train the joint model for two tasks simultaneously. The shared parameters not only help effectively reduce the computational load in inference process, but also improve the end-to-end text detection-recognition accuracy. In addition, we design a simpler and faster sequence learning method for the recognition network based on a succession of stacked convolutional layers without any recurrent structure, this is proved feasible and dramatically improves inference speed. Extensive experiments on different datasets demonstrate that the proposed method achieves very promising results. 
### 24.Scene Text Detection with Supervised Pyramid Context Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08605.pdf)
>  Scene text detection methods based on deep learning have achieved remarkable results over the past years. However, due to the high diversity and complexity of natural scenes, previous state-of-the-art text detection methods may still produce a considerable amount of false positives, when applied to images captured in real-world environments. To tackle this issue, mainly inspired by Mask R-CNN, we propose in this paper an effective model for scene text detection, which is based on Feature Pyramid Network (FPN) and instance segmentation. We propose a supervised pyramid context network (SPCNET) to precisely locate text regions while suppressing false positives. Benefited from the guidance of semantic information and sharing FPN, SPCNET obtains significantly enhanced performance while introducing marginal extra computation. Experiments on standard datasets demonstrate that our SPCNET clearly outperforms start-of-the-art methods. Specifically, it achieves an F-measure of 92.1% on ICDAR2013, 87.2% on ICDAR2015, 74.1% on ICDAR2017 MLT and 82.9% on Total-Text. 
### 25.M2E-Try On Net: Fashion from Model to Everyone  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08599.pdf)
>  Most existing virtual try-on applications require clean clothes images. Instead, we present a novel virtual Try-On network, M2E-Try On Net, which transfers the clothes from a model image to a person image without the need of any clean product images. To obtain a realistic image of person wearing the desired model clothes, we aim to solve the following challenges: 1) non-rigid nature of clothes - we need to align poses between the model and the user; 2) richness in textures of fashion items - preserving the fine details and characteristics of the clothes is critical for photo-realistic transfer; 3) variation of identity appearances - it is required to fit the desired model clothes to the person identity seamlessly. To tackle these challenges, we introduce three key components, including the pose alignment network (PAN), the texture refinement network (TRN) and the fitting network (FTN). Since it is unlikely to gather image pairs of input person image and desired output image (i.e. person wearing the desired clothes), our framework is trained in a self-supervised manner to gradually transfer the poses and textures of the model&#39;s clothes to the desired appearance. In the experiments, we verify on the Deep Fashion dataset and MVC dataset that our method can generate photo-realistic images for the person to try-on the model clothes. Furthermore, we explore the model capability for different fashion items, including both upper and lower garments. 
### 26.Learning to Attend Relevant Regions in Videos from Eye Fixations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08594.pdf)
>  Attentively important objects in videos account for a majority part of semantics in a current frame. Information about human attention might be useful not only for entertainment (such as auto generating commentary and tourist guide) but also for robotic control which holds a larascope supported for laparoscopic surgery. In this work, we address the problem of attending relevant objects in videos conditioned on eye fixations using RNN-based visual attention model. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to approach the problem from RNNs. 
### 27.Measuring Depression Symptom Severity from Spoken Language and 3D Facial Expressions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08592.pdf)
>  With more than 300 million people depressed worldwide, depression is a global problem. Due to access barriers such as social stigma, cost, and treatment availability, 60% of mentally-ill adults do not receive any mental health services. Effective and efficient diagnosis relies on detecting clinical symptoms of depression. Automatic detection of depressive symptoms would potentially improve diagnostic accuracy and availability, leading to faster intervention. In this work, we present a machine learning method for measuring the severity of depressive symptoms. Our multi-modal method uses 3D facial expressions and spoken language, commonly available from modern cell phones. It demonstrates an average error of 3.67 points (15.3% relative) on the clinically-validated Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ) scale. For detecting major depressive disorder, our model demonstrates 83.3% sensitivity and 82.6% specificity. Overall, this paper shows how speech recognition, computer vision, and natural language processing can be combined to assist mental health patients and practitioners. This technology could be deployed to cell phones worldwide and facilitate low-cost universal access to mental health care. 
### 28.Graph-Adaptive Pruning for Efficient Inference of Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08589.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a graph-adaptive pruning (GAP) method for efficient inference of convolutional neural networks (CNNs). In this method, the network is viewed as a computational graph, in which the vertices denote the computation nodes and edges represent the information flow. Through topology analysis, GAP is capable of adapting to different network structures, especially the widely used cross connections and multi-path data flow in recent novel convolutional models. The models can be adaptively pruned at vertex-level as well as edge-level without any post-processing, thus GAP can directly get practical model compression and inference speed-up. Moreover, it does not need any customized computation library or hardware support. Finetuning is conducted after pruning to restore the model performance. In the finetuning step, we adopt a self-taught knowledge distillation (KD) strategy by utilizing information from the original model, through which, the performance of the optimized model can be sufficiently improved, without introduction of any other teacher model. Experimental results show the proposed GAP can achieve promising result to make inference more efficient, e.g., for ResNeXt-29 on CIFAR10, it can get 13X model compression and 4.3X practical speed-up with marginal loss of accuracy. 
### 29.Real-Time 6D Object Pose Estimation on CPU  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08588.pdf)
>  We propose a fast and accurate 6D object pose estimation from a RGB-D image. Our proposed method is template matching based and consists of three main technical components, PCOF-MOD (multimodal PCOF), balanced pose tree (BPT) and optimum memory rearrangement for a coarse-to-fine search. Our model templates on densely sampled viewpoints and PCOF-MOD which explicitly handles a certain range of 3D object pose improve the robustness against background clutters. BPT which is an efficient tree-based data structures for a large number of templates and template matching on rearranged feature maps where nearby features are linearly aligned accelerate the pose estimation. The experimental evaluation on tabletop and bin-picking dataset showed that our method achieved higher accuracy and faster speed in comparison with state-of-the-art techniques including recent CNN based approaches. Moreover, our model templates can be trained only from 3D CAD in a few minutes and the pose estimation run in near real-time (23 fps) on CPU. These features are suitable for any real applications. 
### 30.Progressive Feature Alignment for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08585.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) transfers knowledge from a label-rich source domain to a fully-unlabeled target domain. To tackle this task, recent approaches resort to discriminative domain transfer in virtue of pseudo-labels to enforce the class-level distribution alignment across the source and target domains. These methods, however, are vulnerable to the error accumulation and thus incapable of preserving cross-domain category consistency, as the pseudo-labeling accuracy is not guaranteed explicitly. In this paper, we propose the Progressive Feature Alignment Network (PFAN) to align the discriminative features across domains progressively and effectively, via exploiting the intra-class variation in the target domain. To be specific, we first develop an Easy-to-Hard Transfer Strategy (EHTS) and an Adaptive Prototype Alignment (APA) step to train our model iteratively and alternatively. Moreover, upon observing that a good domain adaptation usually requires a non-saturated source classifier, we consider a simple yet efficient way to retard the convergence speed of the source classification loss by further involving a temperature variate into the soft-max function. The extensive experimental results reveal that the proposed PFAN exceeds the state-of-the-art performance on three UDA datasets. 
### 31.Unsupervised Single Image Deraining with Self-supervised Constraints  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08575.pdf)
>  Most existing single image deraining methods require learning supervised models from a large set of paired synthetic training data, which limits their generality, scalability and practicality in real-world multimedia applications. Besides, due to lack of labeled-supervised constraints, directly applying existing unsupervised frameworks to the image deraining task will suffer from low-quality recovery. Therefore, we propose an Unsupervised Deraining Generative Adversarial Network (UD-GAN) to tackle above problems by introducing self-supervised constraints from the intrinsic statistics of unpaired rainy and clean images. Specifically, we firstly design two collaboratively optimized modules, namely Rain Guidance Module (RGM) and Background Guidance Module (BGM), to take full advantage of rainy image characteristics: The RGM is designed to discriminate real rainy images from fake rainy images which are created based on outputs of the generator with BGM. Simultaneously, the BGM exploits a hierarchical Gaussian-Blur gradient error to ensure background consistency between rainy input and de-rained output. Secondly, a novel luminance-adjusting adversarial loss is integrated into the clean image discriminator considering the built-in luminance difference between real clean images and derained images. Comprehensive experiment results on various benchmarking datasets and different training settings show that UD-GAN outperforms existing image deraining methods in both quantitative and qualitative comparisons. 
### 32.Priming Deep Neural Networks with Synthetic Faces for Enhanced Performance  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08565.pdf)
>  Today&#39;s most successful facial image analysis systems are based on deep neural networks. However, a major limitation of such deep learning approaches is that their performance depends strongly on the availability of large annotated datasets. In this work, we prime deep neural networks by pre-training them with synthetic face images for specific facial analysis tasks. We demonstrate that this approach enhances both the generalization performance as well as the dataset efficiency of deep neural networks. Using a 3D morphable face model, we generate arbitrary amounts of annotated data with full control over image characteristics such as facial shape and color, pose, illumination, and background. With a series of experiments, we extensively test the effect of priming deep neural networks with synthetic face examples for two popular facial image analysis tasks: face recognition and facial landmark detection. We observed the following positive effects for both tasks: 1) Priming with synthetic face images improves the generalization performance consistently across all benchmark datasets. 2) The amount of real-world data needed to achieve competitive performance is reduced by 75% for face recognition and by 50% for facial landmark detection. 3) Priming with synthetic faces is consistently superior at enhancing the performance of deep neural networks than data augmentation and transfer learning techniques. Furthermore, our experiments provide evidence that priming with synthetic faces is able to enhance performance because it reduces the negative effects of biases present in real-world training data. The proposed synthetic face image generator, as well as the software used for our experiments, have been made publicly available. 
### 33.Feature Selection Convolutional Neural Networks for Visual Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08564.pdf)
>  Most of the existing tracking methods based on CNN(convolutional neural networks) are too slow for real-time application despite the excellent tracking precision compared with the traditional ones. Moreover, neural networks are memory intensive which will take up lots of hardware resources. In this paper, a feature selection visual tracking algorithm combining CNN based MDNet(Multi-Domain Network) and RoIAlign was developed. We find that there is a lot of redundancy in feature maps from convolutional layers. So valid feature maps are selected by mutual information and others are abandoned which can reduce the complexity and computation of the network and do not affect the precision. The major problem of MDNet also lies in the time efficiency. Considering the computational complexity of MDNet is mainly caused by the large amount of convolution operations and fine-tuning of the network during tracking, a RoIAlign layer which could conduct the convolution over the whole image instead of each RoI is added to accelerate the convolution and a new strategy of fine-tuning the fully-connected layers is used to accelerate the update. With RoIAlign employed, the computation speed has been increased and it shows greater precision than RoIPool. Because RoIAlign can process float number coordinates by bilinear interpolation. These strategies can accelerate the processing, reduce the complexity with very low impact on precision and it can run at around 10 fps(while the speed of MDNet is about 1 fps). The proposed algorithm has been evaluated on a benchmark: OTB100, on which high precision and speed have been obtained. 
### 34.Adaptive Re-ranking of Deep Feature for Person Re-identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08561.pdf)
>  Typical person re-identification (re-ID) methods train a deep CNN to extract deep features and combine them with a distance metric for the final evaluation. In this work, we focus on exploiting the full information encoded in the deep feature to boost the re-ID performance. First, we propose a Deep Feature Fusion (DFF) method to exploit the diverse information embedded in a deep feature. DFF treats each sub-feature as an information carrier and employs a diffusion process to exchange their information. Second, we propose an Adaptive Re-Ranking (ARR) method to exploit the contextual information encoded in the features of neighbors. ARR utilizes the contextual information to re-rank the retrieval results in an iterative manner. Particularly, it adds more contextual information after each iteration automatically to consider more matches. Third, we propose a strategy that combines DFF and ARR to enhance the performance. Extensive comparative evaluations demonstrate the superiority of the proposed methods on three large benchmarks. 
### 35.Adjustable Real-time Style Transfer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08560.pdf)
>  Artistic style transfer is the problem of synthesizing an image with content similar to a given image and style similar to another. Although recent feed-forward neural networks can generate stylized images in real-time, these models produce a single stylization given a pair of style/content images, and the user doesn&#39;t have control over the synthesized output. Moreover, the style transfer depends on the hyper-parameters of the model with varying &#34;optimum&#34; for different input images. Therefore, if the stylized output is not appealing to the user, she/he has to try multiple models or retrain one with different hyper-parameters to get a favorite stylization. In this paper, we address these issues by proposing a novel method which allows adjustment of crucial hyper-parameters, after the training and in real-time, through a set of manually adjustable parameters. These parameters enable the user to modify the synthesized outputs from the same pair of style/content images, in search of a favorite stylized image. Our quantitative and qualitative experiments indicate how adjusting these parameters is comparable to retraining the model with different hyper-parameters. We also demonstrate how these parameters can be randomized to generate results which are diverse but still very similar in style and content. 
### 36.Learning Better Features for Face Detection with Feature Fusion and Segmentation Supervision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08557.pdf)
>  The performance of face detectors has been largely improved with the development of convolutional neural network. However, it remains challenging for face detectors to detect tiny, occluded or blurry faces. Besides, most face detectors can&#39;t locate face&#39;s position precisely and can&#39;t achieve high Intersection-over-Union (IoU) scores. We assume that problems inside are inadequate use of supervision information and imbalance between semantics and details at all level feature maps in CNN even with Feature Pyramid Networks (FPN). In this paper, we present a novel single-shot face detection network, named DF$^2$S$^2$ (Detection with Feature Fusion and Segmentation Supervision), which introduces a more effective feature fusion pyramid and a more efficient segmentation branch on ResNet-50 to handle mentioned problems. Specifically, inspired by FPN and SENet, we apply semantic information from higher-level feature maps as contextual cues to augment low-level feature maps via a spatial and channel-wise attention style, preventing details from being covered by too much semantics and making semantics and details complement each other. We further propose a semantic segmentation branch to best utilize detection supervision information meanwhile applying attention mechanism in a self-supervised manner. The segmentation branch is supervised by weak segmentation ground-truth (no extra annotation is required) in a hierarchical manner, deprecated in the inference time so it wouldn&#39;t compromise the inference speed. We evaluate our model on WIDER FACE dataset and achieved state-of-art results. 
### 37.Seeing in the dark with recurrent convolutional neural networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08537.pdf)
>  Classical convolutional neural networks (cCNNs) are very good at categorizing objects in images. But, unlike human vision which is relatively robust to noise in images, the performance of cCNNs declines quickly as image quality worsens. Here we propose to use recurrent connections within the convolutional layers to make networks robust against pixel noise such as could arise from imaging at low light levels, and thereby significantly increase their performance when tested with simulated noisy video sequences. We show that cCNNs classify images with high signal to noise ratios (SNRs) well, but are easily outperformed when tested with low SNR images (high noise levels) by convolutional neural networks that have recurrency added to convolutional layers, henceforth referred to as gruCNNs. Addition of Bayes-optimal temporal integration to allow the cCNN to integrate multiple image frames still does not match gruCNN performance. Additionally, we show that at low SNRs, the probabilities predicted by the gruCNN (after calibration) have higher confidence than those predicted by the cCNN. We propose to consider recurrent connections in the early stages of neural networks as a solution to computer vision under imperfect lighting conditions and noisy environments; challenges faced during real-time video streams of autonomous driving at night, during rain or snow, and other non-ideal situations. 
### 38.Finding a Needle in the Haystack: Attention-Based Classification of High Resolution Microscopy Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08513.pdf)
>  Deep learning for classification of microscopy images is challenging because whole-slide images are high resolution. Due to the large size of these images, they cannot be transferred into GPU memory, so there are currently no end-to-end deep learning architectures for their analysis. Existing work has used a sliding window for crop classification, followed by a heuristic to determine the label for the whole slide. This pipeline is not efficient or robust, however, because crops are analyzed independently of their neighbors and the decisive features for classifying a whole slide are only found in a few regions of interest. In this paper, we present an attention-based model for classification of high resolution microscopy images. Our model dynamically finds regions of interest from a wide-view, then identifies characteristic patterns in those regions for whole-slide classification. This approach is analogous to how pathologists examine slides under the microscope and is the first to generalize the attention mechanism to high resolution images. Furthermore, our model does not require bounding box annotations for the regions of interest and is trainable end-to-end with flexible input. We evaluated our model on a microscopy dataset of Barrett&#39;s Esophagus images, and the results showed that our approach outperforms the current state-of-the-art sliding window method by a large margin. 
### 39.A Proposal-Based Solution to Spatio-Temporal Action Detection in Untrimmed Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08496.pdf)
>  Existing approaches for spatio-temporal action detection in videos are limited by the spatial extent and temporal duration of the actions. In this paper, we present a modular system for spatio-temporal action detection in untrimmed surveillance videos. We propose a two stage approach. The first stage generates dense spatio-temporal proposals using hierarchical clustering and temporal jittering techniques on frame-wise object detections. The second stage is a Temporal Refinement I3D (TRI-3D) network that performs action classification and temporal refinement on the generated proposals. The object detection-based proposal generation step helps in detecting actions occurring in a small spatial region of a video frame, while temporal jittering and refinement helps in detecting actions of variable lengths. Experimental results on an unconstrained surveillance action detection dataset - DIVA - show the effectiveness of our system. For comparison, the performance of our system is also evaluated on the THUMOS14 temporal action detection dataset. 
### 40.Are pre-trained CNNs good feature extractors for anomaly detection in surveillance videos?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08495.pdf)
>  Recently, several techniques have been explored to detect unusual behaviour in surveillance videos. Nevertheless, few studies leverage features from pre-trained CNNs and none of then present a comparison of features generate by different models. Motivated by this gap, we compare features extracted by four state-of-the-art image classification networks as a way of describing patches from security video frames. We carry out experiments on the Ped1 and Ped2 datasets and analyze the usage of different feature normalization techniques. Our results indicate that choosing the appropriate normalization is crucial to improve the anomaly detection performance when working with CNN features. Also, in the Ped2 dataset our approach was able to obtain results comparable to the ones of several state-of-the-art methods. Lastly, as our method only considers the appearance of each frame, we believe that it can be combined with approaches that focus on motion patterns to further improve performance. 
### 41.Adversarial Removal of Gender from Deep Image Representations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08489.pdf)
>  In this work we analyze visual recognition tasks such as object and action recognition, and demonstrate the extent to which these tasks are correlated with features corresponding to a protected variable such as gender. We introduce the concept of natural leakage to measure the intrinsic reliance of a task on a protected variable. We further show that machine learning models of visual recognition trained for these tasks tend to exacerbate the reliance on gender features. To address this, we use adversarial training to remove unwanted features corresponding to protected variables from intermediate representations in a deep neural network. Experiments on two datasets: the COCO dataset (objects), and the imSitu dataset (actions), show reductions in the extent to which models rely on gender features while maintaining most of the accuracy of the original models. These results even surpass a strong baseline that blurs or removes people from images using ground-truth annotations. Moreover, we provide convincing interpretable visual evidence through an autoencoder-augmented model showing that this approach is performing semantically meaningful removal of gender features, and thus can also be used to remove gender attributes directly from images. 
### 42.MimicGAN: Corruption-Mimicking for Blind Image Recovery &amp; Adversarial Defense  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08484.pdf)
>  Solving inverse problems continues to be a central challenge in computer vision. Existing techniques either explicitly construct an inverse mapping using prior knowledge about the corruption, or learn the inverse directly using a large collection of examples. However, in practice, the nature of corruption may be unknown, and thus it is challenging to regularize the problem of inferring a plausible solution. On the other hand, collecting task-specific training data is tedious for known corruptions and impossible for unknown ones. We present MimicGAN, an unsupervised technique to solve general inverse problems based on image priors in the form of generative adversarial networks (GANs). Using a GAN prior, we show that one can reliably recover solutions to underdetermined inverse problems through a surrogate network that learns to mimic the corruption at test time. Our system successively estimates the corruption and the clean image without the need for supervisory training, while outperforming existing baselines in blind image recovery. We also demonstrate that MimicGAN improves upon recent GAN-based defenses against adversarial attacks and represents one of the strongest test-time defenses available today. 
### 43.VQA with no questions-answers training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08481.pdf)
>  Methods for teaching machines to answer visual questions have made significant progress in the last few years, but although demonstrating impressive results on particular datasets, these methods lack some important human capabilities, including integrating new visual classes and concepts in a modular manner, providing explanations for the answer and handling new domains without new examples. In this paper we present a system that achieves state-of-the-art results on the CLEVR dataset without any questions-answers training, utilizes real visual estimators and explains the answer. The system includes a question representation stage followed by an answering procedure, which invokes an extendable set of visual estimators. It can explain the answer, including its failures, and provide alternatives to negative answers. The scheme builds upon a framework proposed recently, with extensions allowing the system to deal with novel domains without relying on training examples. 
### 44.Double Refinement Network for Efficient Indoor Monocular Depth Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08466.pdf)
>  Monocular Depth Estimation is an important problem of Computer Vision that may be solved with Neural Networks and Deep Learning nowadays. Though recent works in this area have shown significant improvement in accuracy, state-of-the-art methods require large memory and time resources. The main purpose of this paper is to improve performance of the latest solutions with no decrease in accuracy. To achieve this, we propose a Double Refinement Network architecture. We evaluate the results using the standard benchmark RGB-D dataset NYU Depth v2. The results are equal to the current state-of-the-art, while frames per second rate of our approach is significantly higher (up to 15 times speedup per image with batch size 1), RAM per image is significantly lower. 
### 45.Artificial Color Constancy via GoogLeNet with Angular Loss Function  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08456.pdf)
>  Color Constancy is the ability of the human visual system to perceive colors unchanged independently of the illumination. Giving a machine this feature will be beneficial in many fields where chromatic information is used. Particularly, it significantly improves scene understanding and object recognition. In this paper, we propose transfer learning-based algorithm, which has two main features: accuracy higher than many state-of-the-art algorithms and simplicity of implementation. Despite the fact that GoogLeNet was used in the experiments, given approach may be applied to any CNN. Additionally, we discuss design of a new loss function oriented specifically to this problem, and propose a few the most suitable options. 
### 46.Intermediate Level Adversarial Attack for Enhanced Transferability  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08458.pdf)
>  Neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial examples, malicious inputs crafted to fool trained models. Adversarial examples often exhibit black-box transfer, meaning that adversarial examples for one model can fool another model. However, adversarial examples may be overfit to exploit the particular architecture and feature representation of a source model, resulting in sub-optimal black-box transfer attacks to other target models. This leads us to introduce the Intermediate Level Attack (ILA), which attempts to fine-tune an existing adversarial example for greater black-box transferability by increasing its perturbation on a pre-specified layer of the source model. We show that our method can effectively achieve this goal and that we can decide a nearly-optimal layer of the source model to perturb without any knowledge of the target models. 
### 47.Boosting in Image Quality Assessment  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.08429.pdf)
>  In this paper, we analyze the effect of boosting in image quality assessment through multi-method fusion. Existing multi-method studies focus on proposing a single quality estimator. On the contrary, we investigate the generalizability of multi-method fusion as a framework. In addition to support vector machines that are commonly used in the multi-method fusion, we propose using neural networks in the boosting. To span different types of image quality assessment algorithms, we use quality estimators based on fidelity, perceptually-extended fidelity, structural similarity, spectral similarity, color, and learning. In the experiments, we perform k-fold cross validation using the LIVE, the multiply distorted LIVE, and the TID 2013 databases and the performance of image quality assessment algorithms are measured via accuracy-, linearity-, and ranking-based metrics. Based on the experiments, we show that boosting methods generally improve the performance of image quality assessment and the level of improvement depends on the type of the boosting algorithm. Our experimental results also indicate that boosting the worst performing quality estimator with two or more additional methods leads to statistically significant performance enhancements independent of the boosting technique and neural network-based boosting outperforms support vector machine-based boosting when two or more methods are fused. 
