# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 14 Nov 2018
### 1.Fast Human Pose Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05419.pdf)
>  Existing human pose estimation approaches often only consider how to improve the model generalisation performance, but putting aside the significant efficiency problem. This leads to the development of heavy models with poor scalability and cost-effectiveness in practical use. In this work, we investigate the under-studied but practically critical pose model efficiency problem. To this end, we present a new Fast Pose Distillation (FPD) model learning strategy. Specifically, the FPD trains a lightweight pose neural network architecture capable of executing rapidly with low computational cost by effectively transferring the pose structure knowledge of a strong teacher. Extensive evaluations demonstrate the advantages of our FPD method over a broad range of state-of-the-art pose estimation approaches in terms of model cost-effectiveness on the standard benchmark datasets, MPII Human Pose and Leeds Sports Pose. 
### 2.Home Activity Monitoring using Low Resolution Infrared Sensor  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05416.pdf)
>  Action monitoring in a home environment provides important information for health monitoring and may serve as input into a smart home environment. Visual analysis using cameras can recognise actions in a complex scene, such as someones living room. However, although there the huge potential benefits and importance, specifically for health, cameras are not widely accepted because of privacy concerns. This paper recognises human activities using a sensor that retains privacy. The sensor is not only different by being thermal, but it is also of low resolution: 8x8 pixels. The combination of the thermal imaging, and the low spatial resolution ensures the privacy of individuals. We present an approach to recognise daily activities using this sensor based on a discrete cosine transform. We evaluate the proposed method on a state-of-the-art dataset and experimentally confirm that our approach outperforms the baseline method. We also introduce a new dataset, and evaluate the method on it. Here we show that the sensor is considered better at detecting the occurrence of falls and Activities of Daily Living. Our method achieves an overall accuracy of 87.50% across 7 activities with a fall detection sensitivity of 100% and specificity of 99.21%. 
### 3.Detect or Track: Towards Cost-Effective Video Object Detection/Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05340.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art object detectors and trackers are developing fast. Trackers are in general more efficient than detectors but bear the risk of drifting. A question is hence raised -- how to improve the accuracy of video object detection/tracking by utilizing the existing detectors and trackers within a given time budget? A baseline is frame skipping -- detecting every N-th frames and tracking for the frames in between. This baseline, however, is suboptimal since the detection frequency should depend on the tracking quality. To this end, we propose a scheduler network, which determines to detect or track at a certain frame, as a generalization of Siamese trackers. Although being light-weight and simple in structure, the scheduler network is more effective than the frame skipping baselines and flow-based approaches, as validated on ImageNet VID dataset in video object detection/tracking. 
### 4.Self-Supervised Learning of Depth and Camera Motion from 360° Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05304.pdf)
>  As 360° cameras become prevalent in many autonomous systems (e.g., self-driving cars and drones), efficient 360° perception becomes more and more important. We propose a novel self-supervised learning approach for predicting the omnidirectional depth and camera motion from a 360° video. In particular, starting from the SfMLearner, which is designed for cameras with normal field-of-view, we introduce three key features to process 360° images efficiently. Firstly, we convert each image from equirectangular projection to cubic projection in order to avoid image distortion. In each network layer, we use Cube Padding (CP), which pads intermediate features from adjacent faces, to avoid image boundaries. Secondly, we propose a novel &#34;spherical&#34; photometric consistency constraint on the whole viewing sphere. In this way, no pixel will be projected outside the image boundary which typically happens in images with normal field-of-view. Finally, rather than naively estimating six independent camera motions (i.e., naively applying SfM-Learner to each face on a cube), we propose a novel camera pose consistency loss to ensure the estimated camera motions reaching consensus. To train and evaluate our approach, we collect a new PanoSUNCG dataset containing a large amount of 360° videos with groundtruth depth and camera motion. Our approach achieves state-of-the-art depth prediction and camera motion estimation on PanoSUNCG with faster inference speed comparing to equirectangular. In real-world indoor videos, our approach can also achieve qualitatively reasonable depth prediction by acquiring model pre-trained on PanoSUNCG. 
### 5.Pose Invariant 3D Face Reconstruction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05295.pdf)
>  3D face reconstruction is an important task in the field of computer vision. Although 3D face reconstruction has being developing rapidly in recent years, it is still a challenge for face reconstruction under large pose. That is because much of the information about a face in a large pose will be unknowable. In order to address this issue, this paper proposes a novel 3D face reconstruction algorithm (PIFR) based on 3D Morphable Model (3DMM). After input a single face image, it generates a frontal image by normalizing the image. Then we set weighted sum of the 3D parameters of the two images. Our method solves the problem of face reconstruction of a single image of a traditional method in a large pose, works on arbitrary Pose and Expressions, greatly improves the accuracy of reconstruction. Experiments on the challenging AFW, LFPW and AFLW database show that our algorithm significantly improves the accuracy of 3D face reconstruction even under extreme poses . 
### 6.Deep Neural Network Concepts for Background Subtraction: A Systematic Review and Comparative Evaluation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05255.pdf)
>  Conventional neural networks show a powerful framework for background subtraction in video acquired by static cameras. Indeed, the well-known SOBS method and its variants based on neural networks were the leader methods on the largescale CDnet 2012 dataset during a long time. Recently, convolutional neural networks which belong to deep learning methods were employed with success for background initialization, foreground detection and deep learned features. Currently, the top current background subtraction methods in CDnet 2014 are based on deep neural networks with a large gap of performance in comparison on the conventional unsupervised approaches based on multi-features or multi-cues strategies. Furthermore, a huge amount of papers was published since 2016 when Braham and Van Droogenbroeck published their first work on CNN applied to background subtraction providing a regular gain of performance. In this context, we provide the first review of deep neural network concepts in background subtraction for novices and experts in order to analyze this success and to provide further directions. For this, we first surveyed the methods used background initialization, background subtraction and deep learned features. Then, we discuss the adequacy of deep neural networks for background subtraction. Finally, experimental results are presented on the CDnet 2014 dataset. 
### 7.Image Captioning Based on a Hierarchical Attention Mechanism and Policy Gradient Optimization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05253.pdf)
>  Automatically generating the descriptions of an image, i.e., image captioning, is an important and fundamental topic in artificial intelligence, which bridges the gap between computer vision and natural language processing. Based on the successful deep learning models, especially the CNN model and Long Short-Term Memories (LSTMs) with attention mechanism, we propose a hierarchical attention model by utilizing both of the global CNN features and the local object features for more effective feature representation and reasoning in image captioning. The generative adversarial network (GAN), together with a reinforcement learning (RL) algorithm, is applied to solve the exposure bias problem in RNN-based supervised training for language problems. In addition, through the automatic measurement of the consistency between the generated caption and the image content by the discriminator in the GAN framework and RL optimization, we make the finally generated sentences more accurate and natural. Comprehensive experiments show the improved performance of the hierarchical attention mechanism and the effectiveness of our RL-based optimization method. Our model achieves state-of-the-art results on several important metrics in the MSCOCO dataset, using only greedy inference. 
### 8.BAN: Focusing on Boundary Context for Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05243.pdf)
>  Visual context is one of the important clue for object detection and the context information for boundaries of an object is especially valuable. We propose a boundary aware network (BAN) designed to exploit the visual contexts including boundary information and surroundings, named boundary context, and define three types of the boundary contexts: side, vertex and in/out-boundary context. Our BAN consists of 10 sub-networks for the area belonging to the boundary contexts. The detection head of BAN is defined as an ensemble of these sub-networks with different contributions depending on the sub-problem of detection. To verify our method, we visualize the activation of the sub-networks according to the boundary contexts and empirically show that the sub-networks contribute more to the related sub-problem in detection. We evaluate our method on PASCAL VOC detection benchmark and MS COCO dataset. The proposed method achieves the mean Average Precision (mAP) of 83.4% on PASCAL VOC and 36.9% on MS COCO. BAN allows the convolution network to provide an additional source of contexts for detection and selectively focus on the more important contexts, and it can be generally applied to many other detection methods as well to enhance the accuracy in detection. 
### 9.Gradient Harmonized Single-stage Detector  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05181.pdf)
>  Despite the great success of two-stage detectors, single-stage detector is still a more elegant and efficient way, yet suffers from the two well-known disharmonies during training, i.e. the huge difference in quantity between positive and negative examples as well as between easy and hard examples. In this work, we first point out that the essential effect of the two disharmonies can be summarized in term of the gradient. Further, we propose a novel gradient harmonizing mechanism (GHM) to be a hedging for the disharmonies. The philosophy behind GHM can be easily embedded into both classification loss function like cross-entropy (CE) and regression loss function like smooth-$L_1$ ($SL_1$) loss. To this end, two novel loss functions called GHM-C and GHM-R are designed to balancing the gradient flow for anchor classification and bounding box refinement, respectively. Ablation study on MS COCO demonstrates that without laborious hyper-parameter tuning, both GHM-C and GHM-R can bring substantial improvement for single-stage detector. Without any whistles and bells, our model achieves 41.6 mAP on COCO test-dev set which surpasses the state-of-the-art method, Focal Loss (FL) + $SL_1$, by 0.8. 
### 10.Child Gender Determination with Convolutional Neural Networks on Hand Radio-Graphs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05180.pdf)
>  Motivation: In forensic or medico-legal investigation as well as in anthropology the gender determination of the subject (hit by a disastrous or any kind of traumatic situation) is mostly the first step. In state-of-the-art techniques the gender is determined by examining dimensions of the bones of skull and the pelvis area. In worse situations when there is only a small portion of the human remains to be investigated and the subject is a child, we need alternative techniques to determine the gender of the subject. In this work we propose a technique called GDCNN (Gender Determination with Convolutional Neural Networks), where the left hand radio-graphs of the children between a wide range of ages in 1 month to 18 years are examined to determine the gender. To our knowledge this technique is first of its kind. Further to identify the area of the attention we used Class Activation Mapping (CAM). Results: The results suggest the accuracy of the model is as high as 98%, which is very convincing by taking into account the incompletely grown skeleton of the children. The attention observed with CAM discovers that the lower part of the hand around carpals (wrist) is more important for child gender determination. 
### 11.Vehicle Re-identification Using Quadruple Directional Deep Learning Features  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05163.pdf)
>  In order to resist the adverse effect of viewpoint variations for improving vehicle re-identification performance, we design quadruple directional deep learning networks to extract quadruple directional deep learning features (QD-DLF) of vehicle images. The quadruple directional deep learning networks are with similar overall architecture, including the same basic deep learning architecture but different directional feature pooling layers. Specifically, the same basic deep learning architecture is a shortly and densely connected convolutional neural network to extract basic feature maps of an input square vehicle image in the first stage. Then, the quadruple directional deep learning networks utilize different directional pooling layers, i.e., horizontal average pooling (HAP) layer, vertical average pooling (VAP) layer, diagonal average pooling (DAP) layer and anti-diagonal average pooling (AAP) layer, to compress the basic feature maps into horizontal, vertical, diagonal and anti-diagonal directional feature maps, respectively. <br />Finally, these directional feature maps are spatially normalized and concatenated together as a quadruple directional deep learning feature for vehicle re-identification. Extensive experiments on both VeRi and VehicleID databases show that the proposed QD-DLF approach outperforms multiple state-of-the-art vehicle re-identification methods. 
### 12.Application of Faster R-CNN model on Human Running Pattern Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05147.pdf)
>  The advance algorithms like Faster Regional Convolutional Neural Network (Faster R-CNN) models are suitable to identify classified moving objects, due to the efficiency in learning the training dataset superior than ordinary CNN algorithms and the higher accuracy of labeling correct classes in the validation and testing dataset. This research examined and compared the three R-CNN type algorithms in object recognition to show the superior efficiency and accuracy of Faster R-CNN model on classifying human running patterns. Then it described the effect of Faster R-CNN in detecting different types of running patterns exhibited by a single individual or multiple individuals by conducting a dataset fitting experiment. In this study, the Faster R-CNN algorithm is implemented directly from the version released by Ross Girshick. 
### 13.Exploiting temporal and depth information for multi-frame face anti-spoofing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05118.pdf)
>  Face anti-spoofing is significant to the security of face recognition systems. By utilizing pixel-wise supervision, depth supervised face anti-spoofing reasonably contains more generalization than binary classification does. Without considering the importance of sequential information in depth recovery, previous depth supervised methods only regard depth as an auxiliary supervision in the single frame. In this paper, we propose a depth supervised face anti-spoofing model in both spatial and temporal domains. The temporal information from multi-frames is exploited and incorporated to improve facial depth recovery, so that more robust and discriminative features can be extracted to classify the living and spoofing faces. Extensive experiments indicate that our approach achieves state-of-the-art results on standard benchmarks. 
### 14.LookinGood: Enhancing Performance Capture with Real-time Neural Re-Rendering  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05029.pdf)
>  Motivated by augmented and virtual reality applications such as telepresence, there has been a recent focus in real-time performance capture of humans under motion. However, given the real-time constraint, these systems often suffer from artifacts in geometry and texture such as holes and noise in the final rendering, poor lighting, and low-resolution textures. We take the novel approach to augment such real-time performance capture systems with a deep architecture that takes a rendering from an arbitrary viewpoint, and jointly performs completion, super resolution, and denoising of the imagery in real-time. We call this approach neural (re-)rendering, and our live system &#34;LookinGood&#34;. Our deep architecture is trained to produce high resolution and high quality images from a coarse rendering in real-time. First, we propose a self-supervised training method that does not require manual ground-truth annotation. We contribute a specialized reconstruction error that uses semantic information to focus on relevant parts of the subject, e.g. the face. We also introduce a salient reweighing scheme of the loss function that is able to discard outliers. We specifically design the system for virtual and augmented reality headsets where the consistency between the left and right eye plays a crucial role in the final user experience. Finally, we generate temporally stable results by explicitly minimizing the difference between two consecutive frames. We tested the proposed system in two different scenarios: one involving a single RGB-D sensor, and upper body reconstruction of an actor, the second consisting of full body 360 degree capture. Through extensive experimentation, we demonstrate how our system generalizes across unseen sequences and subjects. The supplementary video is available at <a href="http://youtu.be/Md3tdAKoLGU">this http URL</a>. 
### 15.Generating faces for affect analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05027.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel approach for synthesizing facial affect; either categorical, in terms of the six basic expressions (i.e., anger, disgust, fear, happiness, sadness and surprise), or dimensional, in terms of valence (i.e., how positive or negative is an emotion) and arousal (i.e., power of the emotion activation). In the Valence-Arousal case, a system is created, based on VA annotation of 600,000 frames from the 4DFAB database; in the categorical case, the system is based on the selection of apex frames of posed expression sequences from the 4DFAB. The proposed system accepts at its input: i) either the basic facial expression, or the pair of valence-arousal emotional state descriptors, which need to be synthesized and ii) a neutral 2D image of a person on which the corresponding affect will be synthesized. The proposed approach consists of the following steps: First, based on the provided desired emotional state, a set of 3D facial meshes is produced from the 4DFAB database and is used to build a blendshape model that generates the new facial affect. To synthesize this affect on the 2D neutral image, 3D Morphable Models fitting is performed and the reconstructed face is then deformed to generate the target facial expressions. Finally, the new face is rendered into the original image. Qualitative experimental studies illustrate the generation of realistic images, when the neutral image is sampled from a variety of well known lab-controlled or in-the-wild databases, including Aff-Wild, RECOLA, AffectNet, AFEW, Multi-PIE, AFEW-VA, BU-3DFE, Bosphorus, RAF-DB. Also, quantitative experiments are conducted, in which deep neural networks, trained using the generated images from each of the above databases in a data-augmentation framework, provide affect recognition; better performances are achieved through the presented approach when compared with the current state-of-the-art. 
### 16.NeXtVLAD: An Efficient Neural Network to Aggregate Frame-level Features for Large-scale Video Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05014.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a fast and efficient network architecture, NeXtVLAD, to aggregate frame-level features into a compact feature vector for large-scale video classification. Briefly speaking, the basic idea is to decompose a high-dimensional feature into a group of relatively low-dimensional vectors with attention before applying NetVLAD aggregation over time. This NeXtVLAD approach turns out to be both effective and parameter efficient in aggregating temporal information. In the 2nd Youtube-8M video understanding challenge, a single NeXtVLAD model with less than 80M parameters achieves a GAP score of 0.87846 in private leaderboard. A mixture of 3 NeXtVLAD models results in 0.88722, which is ranked 3rd over 394 teams. The code is publicly available at <a href="https://github.com/linrongc/youtube-8m">this https URL</a>. 
### 17.Blindfold Baselines for Embodied QA  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05013.pdf)
>  We explore blindfold (question-only) baselines for Embodied Question Answering. The EmbodiedQA task requires an agent to answer a question by intelligently navigating in a simulated environment, gathering necessary visual information only through first-person vision before finally answering. Consequently, a blindfold baseline which ignores the environment and visual information is a degenerate solution, yet we show through our experiments on the EQAv1 dataset that a simple question-only baseline achieves state-of-the-art results on the EmbodiedQA task in all cases except when the agent is spawned extremely close to the object. 
### 18.A new approach for pedestrian density estimation using moving sensors and computer vision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05006.pdf)
>  An understanding of pedestrians dynamics is indispensable for numerous urban applications including the design of transportation networks and planing for business development. Pedestrian counting often requires utilizing manual or technical means to count individual pedestrians in each location of interest. However, such methods do not scale to the size of a city and a new approach to fill this gap is here proposed. In this project, we used a large dense dataset of images of New York City along with deep learning and computer vision techniques to construct a spatio-temporal map of relative pedestrian density. Due to the limitations of state of the art computer vision methods, such automatic detection of pedestrians is inherently subject to errors. We model these errors as a probabilistic process, for which we provide theoretical analysis and through numerical simulations. We demonstrate that, within our assumptions, our methodology can supply a reasonable estimate of pedestrian densities and provide theoretical bounds for the resulting error. 
### 19.OriNet: A Fully Convolutional Network for 3D Human Pose Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.04989.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a fully convolutional network for 3D human pose estimation from monocular images. We use limb orientations as a new way to represent 3D poses and bind the orientation together with the bounding box of each limb region to better associate images and predictions. The 3D orientations are modeled jointly with 2D keypoint detections. Without additional constraints, this simple method can achieve good results on several large-scale benchmarks. Further experiments show that our method can generalize well to novel scenes and is robust to inaccurate bounding boxes. 
### 20.Deep Object Centric Policies for Autonomous Driving  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05432.pdf)
>  While learning visuomotor skills in an end-to-end manner is appealing, deep neural networks are often uninterpretable and fail in surprising ways. For robotics tasks, such as autonomous driving, models that explicitly represent objects may be more robust to new scenes and provide intuitive visualizations. We describe a taxonomy of object-centric models which leverage both object instances and end-to-end learning. In the Grand Theft Auto V simulator, we show that object centric models outperform object-agnostic methods in scenes with other vehicles and pedestrians, even with an imperfect detector. We also demonstrate that our architectures perform well on real world environments by evaluating on the Berkeley DeepDrive Video dataset. 
### 21.Hallucinating Point Cloud into 3D Sculptural Object  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05389.pdf)
>  Our team of artists and machine learning researchers designed a creative algorithm that can generate authentic sculptural artworks. These artworks do not mimic any given forms and cannot be easily categorized into the dataset categories. Our approach extends DeepDream from images to 3D point clouds. The proposed algorithm, Amalgamated DeepDream (ADD), leverages the properties of point clouds to create objects with better quality than the naive extension. ADD presents promise for the creativity of machines, the kind of creativity that pushes artists to explore novel methods or materials and to create new genres instead of creating variations of existing forms or styles within one genre. For example, from Realism to Abstract Expressionism, or to Minimalism. Lastly, we present the sculptures that are 3D printed based on the point clouds created by ADD. 
### 22.Improved Fourier Mellin Invariant for Robust Rotation Estimation with Omni-cameras  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05306.pdf)
>  Spectral methods such as the improved Fourier Mellin Invariant (iFMI) transform have proved faster, more robust and accurate than feature based methods on image registration. However, iFMI is restricted to work only when the camera moves in 2D space and has not been applied on omni-cameras images so far. In this work, we extend the iFMI method and apply a motion model to estimate an omni-camera&#39;s pose when it moves in 3D space. This is particularly useful in field robotics applications to get a rapid and comprehensive view of unstructured environments, and to estimate robustly the robot pose. In the experiment section, we compared the extended iFMI method against ORB and AKAZE feature based approaches on three datasets showing different type of environments: office, lawn and urban scenery (MPI-omni dataset). The results show that our method boosts the accuracy of the robot pose estimation two to four times with respect to the feature registration techniques, while offering lower processing times. Furthermore, the iFMI approach presents the best performance against motion blur typically present in mobile robotics. 
### 23.Distributionally Robust Semi-Supervised Learning for People-Centric Sensing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05299.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning is crucial for alleviating labelling burdens in people-centric sensing. However, human-generated data inherently suffer from distribution shift in semi-supervised learning due to the diverse biological conditions and behavior patterns of humans. To address this problem, we propose a generic distributionally robust model for semi-supervised learning on distributionally shifted data. Considering both the discrepancy and the consistency between the labeled data and the unlabeled data, we learn the latent features that reduce person-specific discrepancy and preserve task-specific consistency. We evaluate our model in a variety of people-centric recognition tasks on real-world datasets, including intention recognition, activity recognition, muscular movement recognition and gesture recognition. The experiment results demonstrate that the proposed model outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 24.Modality Attention for End-to-End Audio-visual Speech Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05250.pdf)
>  Audio-visual speech recognition (AVSR) system is thought to be one of the most promising solutions for robust speech recognition, especially in noisy environment. In this paper, we propose a novel multimodal attention based method for audio-visual speech recognition which could automatically learn the fused representation from both modalities based on their importance. Our method is realized using state-of-the-art sequence-to-sequence (Seq2seq) architectures. Experimental results show that relative improvements from 2% up to 36% over the auditory modality alone are obtained depending on the different signal-to-noise-ratio (SNR). Compared to the traditional feature concatenation methods, our proposed approach can achieve better recognition performance under both clean and noisy conditions. We believe modality attention based end-to-end method can be easily generalized to other multimodal tasks with correlated information. 
### 25.ImageNet/ResNet-50 Training in 224 Seconds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.05233.pdf)
>  Scaling the distributed deep learning to a massive GPU cluster level is challenging due to the instability of the large mini-batch training and the overhead of the gradient synchronization. We address the instability of the large mini-batch training with batch size control. We address the overhead of the gradient synchronization with 2D-Torus all-reduce. Specifically, 2D-Torus all-reduce arranges GPUs in a logical 2D grid and performs a series of collective operation in different orientations. These two techniques are implemented with Neural Network Libraries (NNL). We have successfully trained ImageNet/ResNet-50 in 224 seconds without significant accuracy loss on ABCI cluster. 
