# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 8 Nov 2018
### 1.Prototypical Clustering Networks for Dermatological Disease Diagnosis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.03066.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of image classification for the purpose of aiding doctors in dermatological diagnosis. Dermatological diagnosis poses two major challenges for standard off-the-shelf techniques: First, the data distribution is typically extremely long tailed. Second, intra-class variability is often large. To address the first issue, we formulate the problem as low-shot learning, where once deployed, a base classifier must rapidly generalize to diagnose novel conditions given very few labeled examples. To model diverse classes effectively, we propose Prototypical Clustering Networks (PCN), an extension to Prototypical Networks that learns a mixture of prototypes for each class. Prototypes are initialized for each class via clustering and refined via an online update scheme. Classification is performed by measuring similarity to a weighted combination of prototypes within a class, where the weights are the inferred cluster responsibilities. We demonstrate the strengths of our approach in effective diagnosis on a realistic dataset of dermatological conditions. 
### 2.Instance Retrieval at Fine-grained Level Using Multi-Attribute Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02949.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a method for instance ranking and retrieval at fine-grained level based on the global features extracted from a multi-attribute recognition model which is not dependent on landmarks information or part-based annotations. Further, we make this architecture suitable for mobile-device application by adopting the bilinear CNN to make the multi-attribute recognition model smaller (in terms of the number of parameters). The experiments run on the Dress category of DeepFashion In-Shop Clothes Retrieval and CUB200 datasets show that the results of instance retrieval at fine-grained level are promising for these datasets, specially in terms of texture and color. 
### 3.SurReal: enhancing Surgical simulation Realism using style transfer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02946.pdf)
>  Surgical simulation is an increasingly important element of surgical education. Using simulation can be a means to address some of the significant challenges in developing surgical skills with limited time and resources. The photo-realistic fidelity of simulations is a key feature that can improve the experience and transfer ratio of trainees. In this paper, we demonstrate how we can enhance the visual fidelity of existing surgical simulation by performing style transfer of multi-class labels from real surgical video onto synthetic content. We demonstrate our approach on simulations of cataract surgery using real data labels from an existing public dataset. Our results highlight the feasibility of the approach and also the powerful possibility to extend this technique to incorporate additional temporal constraints and to different applications. 
### 4.Multi-branch Convolutional Neural Network for Multiple Sclerosis Lesion Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02942.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present an automated approach for segmenting multiple sclerosis (MS) lesions from multi-modal brain magnetic resonance images. Our method is based on a deep end-to-end 2D convolutional neural network (CNN) for slice-based segmentation of 3D volumetric data. The proposed CNN includes a multi-branch down-sampling path, which enables the network to encode slices from multiple modalities separately. Multi-scale feature fusion blocks are proposed to combine feature-maps from different modalities at different stages of the network. Then, multi-scale feature up-sampling blocks are proposed to upsize combined feature-maps with different resolutions to leverage information from the lesion&#39;s shape and location. We trained and tested our model using orthogonal plane orientations of each 3D modality to exploit the contextual information in all directions. The proposed pipeline is evaluated on two different datasets, a private dataset including 37 MS patients and a publicly available dataset known as the ISBI 2015 longitudinal MS lesion segmentation challenge dataset, consisting of 14 MS patients. Considering the ISBI challenge, at the time of submission, our method was amongst the top performing solutions. On the private dataset, using the same array of performance metrics as in the ISBI challenge, the proposed approach shows high improvements in MS lesion segmentation comparing with other publicly available tools. 
### 5.Emerging Applications of Reversible Data Hiding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02928.pdf)
>  Reversible data hiding (RDH) is one special type of information hiding, by which the host sequence as well as the embedded data can be both restored from the marked sequence without loss. Beside media annotation and integrity authentication, recently some scholars begin to apply RDH in many other fields innovatively. In this paper, we summarize these emerging applications, including steganography, adversarial example, visual transformation, image processing, and give out the general frameworks to make these operations reversible. As far as we are concerned, this is the first paper to summarize the extended applications of RDH. 
### 6.DOD-CNN: Doubly-injecting Object Information for Event Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02910.pdf)
>  Recognizing an event in an image can be enhanced by detecting relevant objects in two ways: 1) indirectly utilizing object detection information within the unified architecture or 2) directly making use of the object detection output results. We introduce a novel approach, referred to as Doubly-injected Object Detection CNN (DOD-CNN), exploiting the object information in both ways for the task of event recognition. The structure of this network is inspired by the Integrated Object Detection CNN (IOD-CNN) where object information is indirectly exploited by the event recognition module through the shared portion of the network. In the DOD-CNN architecture, the intermediate object detection outputs are directly injected into the event recognition network while keeping the indirect sharing structure inherited from the IOD-CNN, thus being `doubly-injected&#39;. We also introduce a batch pooling layer which constructs one representative feature map from multiple object hypotheses. We have demonstrated the effectiveness of injecting the object detection information in two different ways in the task of malicious event recognition. 
### 7.Neural Image Compression for Gigapixel Histopathology Image Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02840.pdf)
>  We present Neural Image Compression (NIC), a method to reduce the size of gigapixel images by mapping them to a compact latent space using neural networks. We show that this compression allows us to train convolutional neural networks on histopathology whole-slide images end-to-end using weak image-level labels. 
### 8.PaDNet: Pan-Density Crowd Counting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02805.pdf)
>  Crowd counting in varying density scenes is a challenging problem in artificial intelligence (AI) and pattern recognition. Recently, deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are used to tackle this problem. However, the single-column CNN cannot achieve high accuracy and robustness in diverse density scenes. Meanwhile, multi-column CNNs lack effective way to accurately learn the features of different scales for estimating crowd density. To address these issues, we propose a novel pan-density level deep learning model, named as Pan-Density Network (PaDNet). Specifically, the PaDNet learns multi-scale features by three steps. First, several sub-networks are pre-trained on crowd images with different density-levels. Then, a Scale Reinforcement Net (SRN) is utilized to reinforce the scale features. Finally, a Fusion Net fuses all of the scale features to generate the final density map. Experiments on four crowd counting benchmark datasets, the ShanghaiTech, the UCF\_CC\_50, the UCSD, and the UCF-QRNF, indicate that the PaDNet achieves the best performance and has high robustness in pan-density crowd counting compared with other state-of-the-art algorithms. 
### 9.Image Smoothing via Unsupervised Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02804.pdf)
>  Image smoothing represents a fundamental component of many disparate computer vision and graphics applications. In this paper, we present a unified unsupervised (label-free) learning framework that facilitates generating flexible and high-quality smoothing effects by directly learning from data using deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs). The heart of the design is the training signal as a novel energy function that includes an edge-preserving regularizer which helps maintain important yet potentially vulnerable image structures, and a spatially-adaptive Lp flattening criterion which imposes different forms of regularization onto different image regions for better smoothing quality. We implement a diverse set of image smoothing solutions employing the unified framework targeting various applications such as, image abstraction, pencil sketching, detail enhancement, texture removal and content-aware image manipulation, and obtain results comparable with or better than previous methods. Moreover, our method is extremely fast with a modern GPU (e.g, 200 fps for 1280x720 images). Our codes and model are released in <a href="https://github.com/fqnchina/ImageSmoothing">this https URL</a>. 
### 10.Deep Neural Networks for ECG-free Cardiac Phase and End-Diastolic Frame Detection on Coronary Angiographies  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02797.pdf)
>  Invasive coronary angiography (ICA) is the gold standard in Coronary Artery Disease (CAD) imaging. Detection of the end-diastolic frame (EDF) and, in general, cardiac phase detection on each temporal frame of a coronary angiography acquisition is of significant importance for the anatomical and non-invasive functional assessment of CAD. This task is generally performed via manual frame selection or semi-automated selection based on simultaneously acquired ECG signals - thus introducing the requirement of simultaneous ECG recordings. We evaluate the performance of a purely image based workflow based on deep neural networks for fully automated cardiac phase and EDF detection on coronary angiographies. A first deep neural network (DNN), trained to detect coronary arteries, is employed to preselect a subset of frames in which coronary arteries are well visible. A second DNN predicts cardiac phase labels for each frame. Only in the training and evaluation phases for the second DNN, ECG signals are used to provide ground truth labels for each angiographic frame. The networks were trained on 17800 coronary angiographies from 3900 patients and evaluated on 27900 coronary angiographies from 6250 patients. No exclusion criteria related to patient state, previous interventions, or pathology were formulated. Cardiac phase detection had an accuracy of 97.6%, a sensitivity of 97.6% and a specificity of 97.5% on the evaluation set. EDF prediction had a precision of 97.4% and a recall of 96.9%. Several sub-group analyses were performed, indicating that the cardiac phase detection performance is largely independent from acquisition angles and the heart rate of the patient. The average execution time of cardiac phase detection for one angiographic series was on average less than five seconds on a standard workstation. 
### 11.Amalgamating Knowledge towards Comprehensive Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02796.pdf)
>  With the rapid development of deep learning, there have been an unprecedentedly large number of trained deep network models available online. Reusing such trained models can significantly reduce the cost of training the new models from scratch, if not infeasible at all as the annotations used for the training original networks are often unavailable to public. We propose in this paper to study a new model-reusing task, which we term as \emph{knowledge amalgamation}. Given multiple trained teacher networks, each of which specializes in a different classification problem, the goal of knowledge amalgamation is to learn a lightweight student model capable of handling the comprehensive classification. We assume no other annotations except the outputs from the teacher models are available, and thus focus on extracting and amalgamating knowledge from the multiple teachers. To this end, we propose a pilot two-step strategy to tackle the knowledge amalgamation task, by learning first the compact feature representations from teachers and then the network parameters in a layer-wise manner so as to build the student model. We apply this approach to four public datasets and obtain very encouraging results: even without any human annotation, the obtained student model is competent to handle the comprehensive classification task and in most cases outperforms the teachers in individual sub-tasks. 
### 12.GeoSay: A Geometric Saliency for Extracting Buildings in Remote Sensing Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02793.pdf)
>  Automatic extraction of buildings in remote sensing images is an important but challenging task and finds many applications in different fields such as urban planning, navigation and so on. This paper addresses the problem of buildings extraction in very high-spatial-resolution (VHSR) remote sensing (RS) images, whose spatial resolution is often up to half meters and provides rich information about buildings. Based on the observation that buildings in VHSR-RS images are always more distinguishable in geometry than in texture or spectral domain, this paper proposes a geometric building index (GBI) for accurate building extraction, by computing the geometric saliency from VHSR-RS images. More precisely, given an image, the geometric saliency is derived from a mid-level geometric representations based on meaningful junctions that can locally describe geometrical structures of images. The resulting GBI is finally measured by integrating the derived geometric saliency of buildings. Experiments on three public and commonly used datasets demonstrate that the proposed GBI achieves the state-of-the-art performance and shows impressive generalization capability. Additionally, GBI preserves both the exact position and accurate shape of single buildings compared to existing methods. 
### 13.Learning to Steer by Mimicking Features from Heterogeneous Auxiliary Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02759.pdf)
>  The training of many existing end-to-end steering angle prediction models heavily relies on steering angles as the supervisory signal. Without learning from much richer contexts, these methods are susceptible to the presence of sharp road curves, challenging traffic conditions, strong shadows, and severe lighting changes. In this paper, we considerably improve the accuracy and robustness of predictions through heterogeneous auxiliary networks feature mimicking, a new and effective training method that provides us with much richer contextual signals apart from steering direction. Specifically, we train our steering angle predictive model by distilling multi-layer knowledge from multiple heterogeneous auxiliary networks that perform related but different tasks, e.g., image segmentation or optical flow estimation. As opposed to multi-task learning, our method does not require expensive annotations of related tasks on the target set. This is made possible by applying contemporary off-the-shelf networks on the target set and mimicking their features in different layers after transformation. The auxiliary networks are discarded after training without affecting the runtime efficiency of our model. Our approach achieves a new state-of-the-art on Udacity and Comma.ai, outperforming the previous best by a large margin of 12.8% and 52.1%, respectively. Encouraging results are also shown on Berkeley Deep Drive (BDD) dataset. 
### 14.Component-based Attention for Large-scale Trademark Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02746.pdf)
>  The demand for large-scale trademark retrieval (TR) systems has significantly increased to combat the rise in international trademark infringement. Unfortunately, the ranking accuracy of current approaches using either hand-crafted or pre-trained deep convolution neural network (DCNN) features is inadequate for large-scale deployments. We show in this paper that the ranking accuracy of TR systems can be significantly improved by incorporating hard and soft attention mechanisms, which direct attention to critical information such as figurative elements and reduce attention given to distracting and uninformative elements such as text and background. Our proposed approach achieves state-of-the-art results on a challenging large-scale trademark dataset. 
### 15.Y^2Seq2Seq: Cross-Modal Representation Learning for 3D Shape and Text by Joint Reconstruction and Prediction of View and Word Sequences  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02745.pdf)
>  A recent method employs 3D voxels to represent 3D shapes, but this limits the approach to low resolutions due to the computational cost caused by the cubic complexity of 3D voxels. Hence the method suffers from a lack of detailed geometry. To resolve this issue, we propose Y^2Seq2Seq, a view-based model, to learn cross-modal representations by joint reconstruction and prediction of view and word sequences. Specifically, the network architecture of Y^2Seq2Seq bridges the semantic meaning embedded in the two modalities by two coupled `Y&#39; like sequence-to-sequence (Seq2Seq) structures. In addition, our novel hierarchical constraints further increase the discriminability of the cross-modal representations by employing more detailed discriminative information. Experimental results on cross-modal retrieval and 3D shape captioning show that Y^2Seq2Seq outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 16.View Inter-Prediction GAN: Unsupervised Representation Learning for 3D Shapes by Learning Global Shape Memories to Support Local View Predictions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02744.pdf)
>  In this paper we present a novel unsupervised representation learning approach for 3D shapes, which is an important research challenge as it avoids the manual effort required for collecting supervised data. Our method trains an RNN-based neural network architecture to solve multiple view inter-prediction tasks for each shape. Given several nearby views of a shape, we define view inter-prediction as the task of predicting the center view between the input views, and reconstructing the input views in a low-level feature space. The key idea of our approach is to implement the shape representation as a shape-specific global memory that is shared between all local view inter-predictions for each shape. Intuitively, this memory enables the system to aggregate information that is useful to better solve the view inter-prediction tasks for each shape, and to leverage the memory as a view-independent shape representation. Our approach obtains the best results using a combination of L_2 and adversarial losses for the view inter-prediction task. We show that VIP-GAN outperforms state-of-the-art methods in unsupervised 3D feature learning on three large scale 3D shape benchmarks. 
### 17.Style Separation and Synthesis via Generative Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02740.pdf)
>  Style synthesis attracts great interests recently, while few works focus on its dual problem &#34;style separation&#34;. In this paper, we propose the Style Separation and Synthesis Generative Adversarial Network (S3-GAN) to simultaneously implement style separation and style synthesis on object photographs of specific categories. Based on the assumption that the object photographs lie on a manifold, and the contents and styles are independent, we employ S3-GAN to build mappings between the manifold and a latent vector space for separating and synthesizing the contents and styles. The S3-GAN consists of an encoder network, a generator network, and an adversarial network. The encoder network performs style separation by mapping an object photograph to a latent vector. Two halves of the latent vector represent the content and style, respectively. The generator network performs style synthesis by taking a concatenated vector as input. The concatenated vector contains the style half vector of the style target image and the content half vector of the content target image. Once obtaining the images from the generator network, an adversarial network is imposed to generate more photo-realistic images. Experiments on CelebA and UT Zappos 50K datasets demonstrate that the S3-GAN has the capacity of style separation and synthesis simultaneously, and could capture various styles in a single model. 
### 18.Training Domain Specific Models for Energy-Efficient Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02689.pdf)
>  We propose an end-to-end framework for training domain specific models (DSMs) to obtain both high accuracy and computational efficiency for object detection tasks. DSMs are trained with distillation \cite{hinton2015distilling} and focus on achieving high accuracy at a limited domain (e.g. fixed view of an intersection). We argue that DSMs can capture essential features well even with a small model size, enabling higher accuracy and efficiency than traditional techniques. In addition, we improve the training efficiency by reducing the dataset size by culling easy to classify images from the training set. For the limited domain, we observed that compact DSMs significantly surpass the accuracy of COCO trained models of the same size. By training on a compact dataset, we show that with an accuracy drop of only 3.6\%, the training time can be reduced by 93\%. 
### 19.Automatic Assessment of Full Left Ventricular Coverage in Cardiac Cine Magnetic Resonance Imaging with Fisher-Discriminative 3D CNN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02688.pdf)
>  Cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) images play a growing role in the diagnostic imaging of cardiovascular diseases. Full coverage of the left ventricle (LV), from base to apex, is a basic criterion for CMR image quality and necessary for accurate measurement of cardiac volume and functional assessment. Incomplete coverage of the LV is identified through visual inspection, which is time-consuming and usually done retrospectively in the assessment of large imaging cohorts. This paper proposes a novel automatic method for determining LV coverage from CMR images by using Fisher-discriminative three-dimensional (FD3D) convolutional neural networks (CNNs). In contrast to our previous method employing 2D CNNs, this approach utilizes spatial contextual information in CMR volumes, extracts more representative high-level features and enhances the discriminative capacity of the baseline 2D CNN learning framework, thus achieving superior detection accuracy. A two-stage framework is proposed to identify missing basal and apical slices in measurements of CMR volume. First, the FD3D CNN extracts high-level features from the CMR stacks. These image representations are then used to detect the missing basal and apical slices. Compared to the traditional 3D CNN strategy, the proposed FD3D CNN minimizes within-class scatter and maximizes between-class scatter. We performed extensive experiments to validate the proposed method on more than 5,000 independent volumetric CMR scans from the UK Biobank study, achieving low error rates for missing basal/apical slice detection (4.9\%/4.6\%). The proposed method can also be adopted for assessing LV coverage for other types of CMR image data. 
### 20.Attention-Mechanism-based Tracking Method for Intelligent Internet of Vehicles  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02682.pdf)
>  Vehicle tracking task plays an important role on the internet of vehicles and intelligent transportation system. Beyond the traditional GPS sensor, the image sensor can capture different kinds of vehicles, analyze their driving situation and can interact with them. Aiming at the problem that the traditional convolutional neural network is vulnerable to background interference, this paper proposes vehicle tracking method based on human attention mechanism for self-selection of deep features with an inter-channel fully connected layer. It mainly includes the following contents: 1) A fully convolutional neural network fused attention mechanism with the selection of the deep features for convolution. 2) A separation method for template and semantic background region to separate target vehicles from the background in the initial frame adaptively. 3) A two-stage method for model training using our traffic dataset. The experimental results show that the proposed method improves the tracking accuracy without an increase in tracking time. Meanwhile, it strengthens the robustness of algorithm under the condition of the complex background region. The success rate of the proposed method in overall traffic datasets is higher than Siamese network by about 10 percent, and the overall precision is higher than Siamese network by 8 percent. 
### 21.Automated Diagnosis of Lymphoma with Digital Pathology Images Using Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02668.pdf)
>  Recent studies have shown promising results in using Deep Learning to detect malignancy in whole slide imaging. However, they were limited to just predicting positive or negative finding for a specific neoplasm. We attempted to use Deep Learning with a convolutional neural network algorithm to build a lymphoma diagnostic model for four diagnostic categories: benign lymph node, diffuse large B cell lymphoma, Burkitt lymphoma, and small lymphocytic lymphoma. Our software was written in Python language. We obtained digital whole slide images of Hematoxylin and Eosin stained slides of 128 cases including 32 cases for each diagnostic category. Four sets of 5 representative images, 40x40 pixels in dimension, were taken for each case. A total of 2,560 images were obtained from which 1,856 were used for training, 464 for validation and 240 for testing. For each test set of 5 images, the predicted diagnosis was combined from prediction of 5 images. The test results showed excellent diagnostic accuracy at 95% for image-by-image prediction and at 10% for set-by-set prediction. This preliminary study provided a proof of concept for incorporating automated lymphoma diagnostic screen into future pathology workflow to augment the pathologists&#39; productivity. 
### 22.Band Selection from Hyperspectral Images Using Attention-based Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02667.pdf)
>  This paper introduces new attention-based convolutional neural networks for selecting bands from hyperspectral images. The proposed approach re-uses convolutional activations at different depths, identifying the most informative regions of the spectrum with the help of gating mechanisms. Our attention techniques are modular and easy to implement, and they can be seamlessly trained end-to-end using gradient descent. Our rigorous experiments showed that deep models equipped with the attention mechanism deliver high-quality classification, and repeatedly identify significant bands in the training data, permitting the creation of refined and extremely compact sets that retain the most meaningful features. 
### 23.Similarity Learning with Higher-Order Proximity for Brain Network Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02662.pdf)
>  In recent years, the similarity learning problem has been widely studied. Most of the existing works focus on images and few of these works could be applied to learn similarity between neuroimages, such as fMRI images and DTI images, which are important data sources for human brain analysis. In this paper, we focus on the similarity learning for fMRI brain network analysis. We propose a general framework called &#34;Multi-hop Siamese GCN&#34; for similarity learning on graphs. This framework provides multiple options for refining the graph representations with high-order structure information, thus can be used for graph similarity learning on various brain network data sets. We apply the proposed Multi-hop Siamese GCN approach on four real fMRI brain network datasets for similarity learning with respect to brain health status and cognitive abilities. Our proposed method achieves an average AUC gain of 82.6% compared to PCA, and an average AUC gain of 42% compared to S-GCN across a variety of datasets, indicating its promising learning ability for clinical investigation and brain disease diagnosis. 
### 24.MAMMO: A Deep Learning Solution for Facilitating Radiologist-Machine Collaboration in Breast Cancer Diagnosis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02661.pdf)
>  With an aging and growing population, the number of women requiring either screening or symptomatic mammograms is increasing. To reduce the number of mammograms that need to be read by a radiologist while keeping the diagnostic accuracy the same or better than current clinical practice, we develop Man and Machine Mammography Oracle (MAMMO) - a clinical decision support system capable of triaging mammograms into those that can be confidently classified by a machine and those that cannot be, thus requiring the reading of a radiologist. The first component of MAMMO is a novel multi-view convolutional neural network (CNN) with multi-task learning (MTL). MTL enables the CNN to learn the radiological assessments known to be associated with cancer, such as breast density, conspicuity, suspicion, etc., in addition to learning the primary task of cancer diagnosis. We show that MTL has two advantages: 1) learning refined feature representations associated with cancer improves the classification performance of the diagnosis task and 2) issuing radiological assessments provides an additional layer of model interpretability that a radiologist can use to debug and scrutinize the diagnoses provided by the CNN. The second component of MAMMO is a triage network, which takes as input the radiological assessment and diagnostic predictions of the first network&#39;s MTL outputs and determines which mammograms can be correctly and confidently diagnosed by the CNN and which mammograms cannot, thus needing to be read by a radiologist. Results obtained on a private dataset of 8,162 patients show that MAMMO reduced the number of radiologist readings by 42.8% while improving the overall diagnostic accuracy in comparison to readings done by radiologists alone. We analyze the triage of patients decided by MAMMO to gain a better understanding of what unique mammogram characteristics require radiologists&#39; expertise. 
### 25.Machine Learning Algorithms for Classification of Microcirculation Images from Septic and Non-Septic Patients  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02659.pdf)
>  Sepsis is a life-threatening disease and one of the major causes of death in hospitals. Imaging of microcirculatory dysfunction is a promising approach for automated diagnosis of sepsis. We report a machine learning classifier capable of distinguishing non-septic and septic images from dark field microcirculation videos of patients. The classifier achieves an accuracy of 89.45%. The area under the receiver operating characteristics of the classifier was 0.92, the precision was 0.92 and the recall was 0.84. Codes representing the learned feature space of trained classifier were visualized using t-SNE embedding and were separable and distinguished between images from critically ill and non-septic patients. Using an unsupervised convolutional autoencoder, independent of the clinical diagnosis, we also report clustering of learned features from a compressed representation associated with healthy images and those with microcirculatory dysfunction. The feature space used by our trained classifier to distinguish between images from septic and non-septic patients has potential diagnostic application. 
### 26.When Not to Classify: Detection of Reverse Engineering Attacks on DNN Image Classifiers  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02658.pdf)
>  This paper addresses detection of a reverse engineering (RE) attack targeting a deep neural network (DNN) image classifier; by querying, RE&#39;s aim is to discover the classifier&#39;s decision rule. RE can enable test-time evasion attacks, which require knowledge of the classifier. Recently, we proposed a quite effective approach (ADA) to detect test-time evasion attacks. In this paper, we extend ADA to detect RE attacks (ADA-RE). We demonstrate our method is successful in detecting &#34;stealthy&#34; RE attacks before they learn enough to launch effective test-time evasion attacks. 
### 27.Neural Rendering Model: Joint Generation and Prediction for Semi-Supervised Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02657.pdf)
>  Unsupervised and semi-supervised learning are important problems that are especially challenging with complex data like natural images. Progress on these problems would accelerate if we had access to appropriate generative models under which to pose the associated inference tasks. Inspired by the success of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) for supervised prediction in images, we design the Neural Rendering Model (NRM), a new probabilistic generative model whose inference calculations correspond to those in a given CNN architecture. The NRM uses the given CNN to design the prior distribution in the probabilistic model. Furthermore, the NRM generates images from coarse to finer scales. It introduces a small set of latent variables at each level, and enforces dependencies among all the latent variables via a conjugate prior distribution. This conjugate prior yields a new regularizer based on paths rendered in the generative model for training CNNs-the Rendering Path Normalization (RPN). We demonstrate that this regularizer improves generalization, both in theory and in practice. In addition, likelihood estimation in the NRM yields training losses for CNNs, and inspired by this, we design a new loss termed as the Max-Min cross entropy which outperforms the traditional cross-entropy loss for object classification. The Max-Min cross entropy suggests a new deep network architecture, namely the Max-Min network, which can learn from less labeled data while maintaining good prediction performance. Our experiments demonstrate that the NRM with the RPN and the Max-Min architecture exceeds or matches the-state-of-art on benchmarks including SVHN, CIFAR10, and CIFAR100 for semi-supervised and supervised learning tasks. 
### 28.Quaternion Convolutional Neural Networks for Heterogeneous Image Processing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02656.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNN) have recently achieved state-of-the-art results in various applications. In the case of image recognition, an ideal model has to learn independently of the training data, both local dependencies between the three components (R,G,B) of a pixel, and the global relations describing edges or shapes, making it efficient with small or heterogeneous datasets. Quaternion-valued convolutional neural networks (QCNN) solved this problematic by introducing multidimensional algebra to CNN. This paper proposes to explore the fundamental reason of the success of QCNN over CNN, by investigating the impact of the Hamilton product on a color image reconstruction task performed from a gray-scale only training. By learning independently both internal and external relations and with less parameters than real valued convolutional encoder-decoder (CAE), quaternion convolutional encoder-decoders (QCAE) perfectly reconstructed unseen color images while CAE produced worst and gray-scale versions. 
### 29.A Volumetric Convolutional Neural Network for Brain Tumor Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02654.pdf)
>  Brain cancer can be very fatal, but chances of survival increase through early detection and treatment. Doctors use Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) to detect and locate tumors in the brain, and very carefully analyze scans to segment brain tumors. Manual segmentation is time consuming and tiring for doctors, and it can be difficult for them to notice extremely small abnormalities. Automated segmentations performed by computers offer quicker diagnoses, the ability to notice small details, and more accurate segmentations. Advances in deep learning and computer hardware have allowed for high-performing automated segmentation approaches. However, several problems persist in practice: increased training time, class imbalance, and low performance. In this paper, I propose applying V-Net, a volumetric, fully convolutional neural network, to segment brain tumors in MRI scans from the BraTS Challenges. With this approach, I achieve a whole tumor dice score of 0.89 and train the network in a short time while addressing class imbalance with the use of a dice loss layer. Then, I propose applying an existing technique to improve automated segmentation performance in practice. 
### 30.Finding and Following of Honeycombing Regions in Computed Tomography Lung Images by Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02651.pdf)
>  In recent years, besides the medical treatment methods in medical field, Computer Aided Diagnosis (CAD) systems which can facilitate the decision making phase of the physician and can detect the disease at an early stage have started to be used frequently. The diagnosis of Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis (IPF) disease by using CAD systems is very important in that it can be followed by doctors and radiologists. It has become possible to diagnose and follow up the disease with the help of CAD systems by the development of high resolution computed imaging scanners and increasing size of computation power. The purpose of this project is to design a tool that will help specialists diagnose and follow up the IPF disease by identifying areas of honeycombing and ground glass patterns in High Resolution Computed Tomography (HRCT) lung images. Creating a program module that segments the lung pair and creating a self-learner deep learning model from given Computed Tomography (CT) images for the specific diseased regions thanks to doctors are the main purposes of this work. Through the created model, program module will be able to find special regions in given new CT images. In this study, the performance of lung segmentation was tested by the Sørensen-Dice coefficient method and the mean performance was measured as 90.7%, testing of the created model was performed with data not used in the training stage of the CNN network, and the average performance was measured as 87.8% for healthy regions, 73.3% for ground-glass areas and 69.1% for honeycombing zones. 
### 31.Visual Attention is Beyond One Single Saliency Map  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02650.pdf)
>  Of later years, numerous bottom-up attention models have been proposed on different assumptions. However, the produced saliency maps may be different from each other even from the same input image. We also observe that human fixation map varies across time greatly. When people freely view an image, they tend to allocate attention at salient regions of large scale at first, and then search more and more detailed regions. In this paper, we argue that, for one input image visual attention cannot be described by only one single saliency map, and this mechanism should be modeled as a dynamic process. Under the frequency domain paradigm, we proposed a global inhibition model to mimic this process by suppressing the {\it non-saliency} in the input image; we also show that the dynamic process is influenced by one parameter in the frequency domain. Experiments illustrate that the proposed model is capable of predicting human dynamic fixation distribution. 
### 32.DeepDPM: Dynamic Population Mapping via Deep Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02644.pdf)
>  Dynamic high resolution data on human population distribution is of great importance for a wide spectrum of activities and real-life applications, but is too difficult and expensive to obtain directly. Therefore, generating fine-scaled population distributions from coarse population data is of great significance. However, there are three major challenges: 1) the complexity in spatial relations between high and low resolution population; 2) the dependence of population distributions on other external information; 3) the difficulty in retrieving temporal distribution patterns. In this paper, we first propose the idea to generate dynamic population distributions in full-time series, then we design dynamic population mapping via deep neural network(DeepDPM), a model that describes both spatial and temporal patterns using coarse data and point of interest information. In DeepDPM, we utilize super-resolution convolutional neural network(SRCNN) based model to directly map coarse data into higher resolution data, and a time-embedded long short-term memory model to effectively capture the periodicity nature to smooth the finer-scaled results from the previous static SRCNN model. We perform extensive experiments on a real-life mobile dataset collected from Shanghai. Our results demonstrate that DeepDPM outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods and a suite of frequent data-mining approaches. Moreover, DeepDPM breaks through the limitation from previous works in time dimension so that dynamic predictions in all-day time slots can be obtained. 
### 33.Distilling Critical Paths in Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02643.pdf)
>  Neural network compression and acceleration are widely demanded currently due to the resource constraints on most deployment targets. In this paper, through analyzing the filter activation, gradients, and visualizing the filters&#39; functionality in convolutional neural networks, we show that the filters in higher layers learn extremely task-specific features, which are exclusive for only a small subset of the overall tasks, or even a single class. Based on such findings, we reveal the critical paths of information flow for different classes. And by their intrinsic property of exclusiveness, we propose a critical path distillation method, which can effectively customize the convolutional neural networks to small ones with much smaller model size and less computation. 
### 34.Computational Histological Staining and Destaining of Prostate Core Biopsy RGB Images with Generative Adversarial Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02642.pdf)
>  Histopathology tissue samples are widely available in two states: paraffin-embedded unstained and non-paraffin-embedded stained whole slide RGB images (WSRI). Hematoxylin and eosin stain (H&amp;E) is one of the principal stains in histology but suffers from several shortcomings related to tissue preparation, staining protocols, slowness and human error. We report two novel approaches for training machine learning models for the computational H&amp;E staining and destaining of prostate core biopsy RGB images. The staining model uses a conditional generative adversarial network that learns hierarchical non-linear mappings between whole slide RGB image (WSRI) pairs of prostate core biopsy before and after H&amp;E staining. The trained staining model can then generate computationally H&amp;E-stained prostate core WSRIs using previously unseen non-stained biopsy images as input. The destaining model, by learning mappings between an H&amp;E stained WSRI and a non-stained WSRI of the same biopsy, can computationally destain previously unseen H&amp;E-stained images. Structural and anatomical details of prostate tissue and colors, shapes, geometries, locations of nuclei, stroma, vessels, glands and other cellular components were generated by both models with structural similarity indices of 0.68 (staining) and 0.84 (destaining). The proposed staining and destaining models can engender computational H&amp;E staining and destaining of WSRI biopsies without additional equipment and devices. 
### 35.Demystifying Neural Network Filter Pruning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02639.pdf)
>  Based on filter magnitude ranking (e.g. L1 norm), conventional filter pruning methods for Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have been proved with great effectiveness in computation load reduction. Although effective, these methods are rarely analyzed in a perspective of filter functionality. In this work, we explore the filter pruning and the retraining through qualitative filter functionality interpretation. We find that the filter magnitude based method fails to eliminate the filters with repetitive functionality. And the retraining phase is actually used to reconstruct the remained filters for functionality compensation for the wrongly-pruned critical filters. With a proposed functionality-oriented pruning method, we further testify that, by precisely addressing the filter functionality redundancy, a CNN can be pruned without considerable accuracy drop, and the retraining phase is unnecessary. 
### 36.A mixed signal architecture for convolutional neural networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02636.pdf)
>  Deep neural network (DNN) accelerators with improved energy and delay are desirable for meeting the requirements of hardware targeted for IoT and edge computing systems. Convolutional neural networks (CoNNs) belong to one of the most popular types of DNN architectures. This paper presents the design and evaluation of an accelerator for CoNNs. The system-level architecture is based on mixed-signal, cellular neural networks (CeNNs). Specifically, we present (i) the implementation of different layers, including convolution, ReLU, and pooling, in a CoNN using CeNN, (ii) modified CoNN structures with CeNN-friendly layers to reduce computational overheads typically associated with a CoNN, (iii) a mixed-signal CeNN architecture that performs CoNN computations in the analog and mixed signal domain, and (iv) design space exploration that identifies what CeNN-based algorithm and architectural features fare best compared to existing algorithms and architectures when evaluated over common datasets -- MNIST and CIFAR-10. Notably, the proposed approach can lead to 8.7$\times$ improvements in energy-delay product (EDP) per digit classification for the MNIST dataset at iso-accuracy when compared with the state-of-the-art DNN engine, while our approach could offer 4.3$\times$ improvements in EDP when compared to other network implementations for the CIFAR-10 dataset. 
### 37.Identifying the Best Machine Learning Algorithms for Brain Tumor Segmentation, Progression Assessment, and Overall Survival Prediction in the BRATS Challenge  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02629.pdf)
>  Gliomas are the most common primary brain malignancies, with different degrees of aggressiveness, variable prognosis and various heterogeneous histologic sub-regions, i.e., peritumoral edematous/invaded tissue, necrotic core, active and non-enhancing core. This intrinsic heterogeneity is also portrayed in their radio-phenotype, as their sub-regions are depicted by varying intensity profiles disseminated across multi-parametric magnetic resonance imaging (mpMRI) scans, reflecting varying biological properties. Their heterogeneous shape, extent, and location are some of the factors that make these tumors difficult to resect, and in some cases inoperable. The amount of resected tumor is a factor also considered in longitudinal scans, when evaluating the apparent tumor for potential diagnosis of progression. Furthermore, there is mounting evidence that accurate segmentation of the various tumor sub-regions can offer the basis for quantitative image analysis towards prediction of patient overall survival. This study assesses the state-of-the-art machine learning (ML) methods used for brain tumor image analysis in mpMRI scans, during the last seven instances of the International Brain Tumor Segmentation (BraTS) challenge, i.e. 2012-2018. Specifically, we focus on i) evaluating segmentations of the various glioma sub-regions in pre-operative mpMRI scans, ii) assessing potential tumor progression by virtue of longitudinal growth of tumor sub-regions, beyond use of the RECIST criteria, and iii) predicting the overall survival from pre-operative mpMRI scans of patients that undergone gross total resection. Finally, we investigate the challenge of identifying the best ML algorithms for each of these tasks, considering that apart from being diverse on each instance of the challenge, the multi-institutional mpMRI BraTS dataset has also been a continuously evolving/growing dataset. 
### 38.Learning Bone Suppression from Dual Energy Chest X-rays using Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02628.pdf)
>  Suppressing bones on chest X-rays such as ribs and clavicle is often expected to improve pathologies classification. These bones can interfere with a broad range of diagnostic tasks on pulmonary disease except for musculoskeletal system. Current conventional method for acquisition of bone suppressed X-rays is dual energy imaging, which captures two radiographs at a very short interval with different energy levels; however, the patient is exposed to radiation twice and the artifacts arise due to heartbeats between two shots. In this paper, we introduce a deep generative model trained to predict bone suppressed images on single energy chest X-rays, analyzing a finite set of previously acquired dual energy chest X-rays. Since the relatively small amount of data is available, such approach relies on the methodology maximizing the data utilization. Here we integrate the following two approaches. First, we use a conditional generative adversarial network that complements the traditional regression method minimizing the pairwise image difference. Second, we use Haar 2D wavelet decomposition to offer a perceptual guideline in frequency details to allow the model to converge quickly and efficiently. As a result, we achieve state-of-the-art performance on bone suppression as compared to the existing approaches with dual energy chest X-rays. 
### 39.Vehicle Tracking Using Surveillance with Multimodal Data Fusion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02627.pdf)
>  Vehicle location prediction or vehicle tracking is a significant topic within connected vehicles. This task, however, is difficult if only a single modal data is available, probably causing bias and impeding the accuracy. With the development of sensor networks in connected vehicles, multimodal data are becoming accessible. Therefore, we propose a framework for vehicle tracking with multimodal data fusion. Specifically, we fuse the results of two modalities, images and velocity, in our vehicle-tracking task. Images, being processed in the module of vehicle detection, provide direct information about the features of vehicles, whereas velocity estimation can further evaluate the possible location of the target vehicles, which reduces the number of features being compared, and decreases the time consumption and computational cost. Vehicle detection is designed with a color-faster R-CNN, which takes both the shape and color of the vehicles into consideration. Meanwhile, velocity estimation is through the Kalman filter, which is a classical method for tracking. Finally, a multimodal data fusion method is applied to integrate these outcomes so that vehicle-tracking tasks can be achieved. Experimental results suggest the efficiency of our methods, which can track vehicles using a series of surveillance cameras in urban areas. 
### 40.Embedded polarizing filters to separate diffuse and specular reflection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02608.pdf)
>  Polarizing filters provide a powerful way to separate diffuse and specular reflection; however, traditional methods rely on several captures and require proper alignment of the filters. Recently, camera manufacturers have proposed to embed polarizing micro-filters in front of the sensor, creating a mosaic of pixels with different polarizations. In this paper, we investigate the advantages of such camera designs. In particular, we consider different design patterns for the filter arrays and propose an algorithm to demosaic an image generated by such cameras. This essentially allows us to separate the diffuse and specular components using a single image. The performance of our algorithm is compared with a color-based method using synthetic and real data. Finally, we demonstrate how we can recover the normals of a scene using the diffuse images estimated by our method. 
### 41.Point2Sequence: Learning the Shape Representation of 3D Point Clouds with an Attention-based Sequence to Sequence Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02565.pdf)
>  Exploring contextual information in the local region is important for shape understanding and analysis. Existing studies often employ hand-crafted or explicit ways to encode contextual information of local regions. However, it is hard to capture fine-grained contextual information in hand-crafted or explicit manners, such as the correlation between different areas in a local region, which limits the discriminative ability of learned features. To resolve this issue, we propose a novel deep learning model for 3D point clouds, named Point2Sequence, to learn 3D shape features by capturing fine-grained contextual information in a novel implicit way. Point2Sequence employs a novel sequence learning model for point clouds to capture the correlations by aggregating multi-scale areas of each local region with attention. Specifically, Point2Sequence first learns the feature of each area scale in a local region. Then, it captures the correlation between area scales in the process of aggregating all area scales using a recurrent neural network (RNN) based encoder-decoder structure, where an attention mechanism is proposed to highlight the importance of different area scales. Experimental results show that Point2Sequence achieves state-of-the-art performance in shape classification and segmentation tasks. 
### 42.Generative Adversarial Speaker Embedding Networks for Domain Robust End-to-End Speaker Verification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.03063.pdf)
>  This article presents a novel approach for learning domain-invariant speaker embeddings using Generative Adversarial Networks. The main idea is to confuse a domain discriminator so that is can&#39;t tell if embeddings are from the source or target domains. We train several GAN variants using our proposed framework and apply them to the speaker verification task. On the challenging NIST-SRE 2016 dataset, we are able to match the performance of a strong baseline x-vector system. In contrast to the the baseline systems which are dependent on dimensionality reduction (LDA) and an external classifier (PLDA), our proposed speaker embeddings can be scored using simple cosine distance. This is achieved by optimizing our models end-to-end, using an angular margin loss function. Furthermore, we are able to significantly boost verification performance by averaging our different GAN models at the score level, achieving a relative improvement of 7.2% over the baseline. 
### 43.FLOPs as a Direct Optimization Objective for Learning Sparse Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.03060.pdf)
>  There exists a plethora of techniques for inducing structured sparsity in parametric models during the optimization process, with the final goal of resource-efficient inference. However, to the best of our knowledge, none target a specific number of floating-point operations (FLOPs) as part of a single end-to-end optimization objective, despite reporting FLOPs as part of the results. Furthermore, a one-size-fits-all approach ignores realistic system constraints, which differ significantly between, say, a GPU and a mobile phone -- FLOPs on the former incur less latency than on the latter; thus, it is important for practitioners to be able to specify a target number of FLOPs during model compression. In this work, we extend a state-of-the-art technique to directly incorporate FLOPs as part of the optimization objective and show that, given a desired FLOPs requirement, different neural networks can be successfully trained for image classification. 
### 44.Adapting End-to-End Neural Speaker Verification to New Languages and Recording Conditions with Adversarial Training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.03055.pdf)
>  In this article we propose a novel approach for adapting speaker embeddings to new domains based on adversarial training of neural networks. We apply our embeddings to the task of text-independent speaker verification, a challenging, real-world problem in biometric security. We further the development of end-to-end speaker embedding models by combing a novel 1-dimensional, self-attentive residual network, an angular margin loss function and adversarial training strategy. Our model is able to learn extremely compact, 64-dimensional speaker embeddings that deliver competitive performance on a number of popular datasets using simple cosine distance scoring. One the NIST-SRE 2016 task we are able to beat a strong i-vector baseline, while on the Speakers in the Wild task our model was able to outperform both i-vector and x-vector baselines, showing an absolute improvement of 2.19% over the latter. Additionally, we show that the integration of adversarial training consistently leads to a significant improvement over an unadapted model. 
### 45.A Holistic Visual Place Recognition Approach using Lightweight CNNs for Severe ViewPoint and Appearance Changes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.03032.pdf)
>  Recently, deep and complex Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architectures have achieved encouraging results for Visual Place Recognition under strong viewpoint and appearance changes. However, the significant computation and memory overhead of these CNNs limit their practical deployment for resource-constrained mobile robots that are usually battery-operated. Achieving state-of-the-art performance/accuracy with light-weight CNN architectures is thus highly desirable, but a challenging problem. In this paper, a holistic approach is presented that combines novel regions-based features from a light-weight CNN architecture, pretrained on a place-/scene-centric image database, with Vector of Locally Aggregated Descriptors (VLAD) encoding methodology adapted specifically for Visual Place Recognition problem. The proposed approach is evaluated on a number of challenging benchmark datasets (under strong viewpoint and appearance variations) and achieves an average performance boost of 10\% over state-of-the-art algorithms in terms of Area Under the Curve (AUC) calculated under precision-recall curves. 
### 46.Beyond the Leaderboard: Insight and Deployment Challenges to Address Research Problems  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.03014.pdf)
>  In the medical image analysis field, organizing challenges with associated workshops at international conferences began in 2007 and has grown to include over 150 challenges. Several of these challenges have had a major impact in the field. However, whereas well-designed challenges have the potential to unite and focus the field on creating solutions to important problems, poorly designed and documented challenges can equally impede a field and lead to pursuing incremental improvements in metric scores with no theoretic or clinical significance. This is supported by a critical assessment of challenges at the international MICCAI conference. In this assessment the main observation was that small changes to the underlying challenge data can drastically change the ranking order on the leaderboard. Related to this is the practice of leaderboard climbing, which is characterized by participants focusing on incrementally improving metric results rather than advancing science or solving the driving problem of a challenge. In this abstract we look beyond the leaderboard of a challenge and instead look at the conclusions that can be drawn from a challenge with respect to the research problem that it is addressing. Research study design is well described in other research areas and can be translated to challenge design when viewing challenges as research studies on algorithm performance that address a research problem. Based on the two main types of scientific research study design, we propose two main challenge types, which we think would benefit other research areas as well: 1) an insight challenge that is based on a qualitative study design and 2) a deployment challenge that is based on a quantitative study design. In addition we briefly touch upon related considerations with respect to statistical significance versus practical significance, generalizability and data saturation. 
### 47.Learning to Compose Topic-Aware Mixture of Experts for Zero-Shot Video Captioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02765.pdf)
>  Although promising results have been achieved in video captioning, existing models are limited to the fixed inventory of activities in the training corpus, and do not generalize to open vocabulary scenarios. Here we introduce a novel task, zero-shot video captioning, that aims at describing out-of-domain videos of unseen activities. Videos of different activities usually require different captioning strategies in many aspects, i.e. word selection, semantic construction, and style expression etc, which poses a great challenge to depict novel activities without paired training data. But meanwhile, similar activities share some of those aspects in common. Therefore, We propose a principled Topic-Aware Mixture of Experts (TAMoE) model for zero-shot video captioning, which learns to compose different experts based on different topic embeddings, implicitly transferring the knowledge learned from seen activities to unseen ones. Besides, we leverage external topic-related text corpus to construct the topic embedding for each activity, which embodies the most relevant semantic vectors within the topic. Empirical results not only validate the effectiveness of our method in utilizing semantic knowledge for video captioning, but also show its strong generalization ability when describing novel activities. 
### 48.Hide-and-Seek: A Data Augmentation Technique for Weakly-Supervised Localization and Beyond  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02545.pdf)
>  We propose &#39;Hide-and-Seek&#39; a general purpose data augmentation technique, which is complementary to existing data augmentation techniques and is beneficial for various visual recognition tasks. The key idea is to hide patches in a training image randomly, in order to force the network to seek other relevant content when the most discriminative content is hidden. Our approach only needs to modify the input image and can work with any network to improve its performance. During testing, it does not need to hide any patches. The main advantage of Hide-and-Seek over existing data augmentation techniques is its ability to improve object localization accuracy in the weakly-supervised setting, and we therefore use this task to motivate the approach. However, Hide-and-Seek is not tied only to the image localization task, and can generalize to other forms of visual input like videos, as well as other recognition tasks like image classification, temporal action localization, semantic segmentation, emotion recognition, age/gender estimation, and person re-identification. We perform extensive experiments to showcase the advantage of Hide-and-Seek on these various visual recognition problems. 
### 49.Deep feature transfer between localization and segmentation tasks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02539.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a new pre-training scheme for U-net based image segmentation. We first train the encoding arm as a localization network to predict the center of the target, before extending it into a U-net architecture for segmentation. We apply our proposed method to the problem of segmenting the optic disc from fundus photographs. Our work shows that the features learned by encoding arm can be transferred to the segmentation network to reduce the annotation burden. We propose that an approach could have broad utility for medical image segmentation, and alleviate the burden of delineating complex structures by pre-training on annotations that are much easier to acquire. 
### 50.Evolvement Constrained Adversarial Learning for Video Style Transfer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02476.pdf)
>  Video style transfer is a useful component for applications such as augmented reality, non-photorealistic rendering, and interactive games. Many existing methods use optical flow to preserve the temporal smoothness of the synthesized video. However, the estimation of optical flow is sensitive to occlusions and rapid motions. Thus, in this work, we introduce a novel evolve-sync loss computed by evolvements to replace optical flow. Using this evolve-sync loss, we build an adversarial learning framework, termed as Video Style Transfer Generative Adversarial Network (VST-GAN), which improves upon the MGAN method for image style transfer for more efficient video style transfer. We perform extensive experimental evaluations of our method and show quantitative and qualitative improvements over the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 51.Convolutional LSTMs for Cloud-Robust Segmentation of Remote Sensing Imagery  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02471.pdf)
>  Dynamic spatiotemporal processes on the Earth can be observed by an increasing number of optical Earth observation satellites that measure spectral reflectance at multiple spectral bands in regular intervals. Clouds partially covering the surface is an omnipresent challenge for the majority of remote sensing approaches that are not robust regarding cloud coverage. In these approaches, clouds are typically handled by cherry-picking cloud-free observations or by pre-classification of cloudy pixels and subsequent masking. In this work, we demonstrate the robustness of a straightforward convolutional long short-term memory network for vegetation classification using all available cloudy and non-cloudy satellite observations. We visualize the internal gate activations within the recurrent cells and find that, in some cells, modulation and input gates close on cloudy pixels. This indicates that the network has internalized a cloud-filtering mechanism without being specifically trained on cloud labels. The robustness regarding clouds is further demonstrated by experiments on sequences with varying degrees of cloud coverage where our network achieved similar accuracies on all cloudy and non-cloudy datasets. Overall, our results question the necessity of sophisticated pre-processing pipelines if robust classification methods are utilized. 
### 52.Multi-Level Sensor Fusion with Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02447.pdf)
>  In the context of deep learning, this article presents an original deep network, namely CentralNet, for the fusion of information coming from different sensors. This approach is designed to efficiently and automatically balance the trade-off between early and late fusion (i.e. between the fusion of low-level vs high-level information). More specifically, at each level of abstraction-the different levels of deep networks-uni-modal representations of the data are fed to a central neural network which combines them into a common embedding. In addition, a multi-objective regularization is also introduced, helping to both optimize the central network and the unimodal networks. Experiments on four multimodal datasets not only show state-of-the-art performance, but also demonstrate that CentralNet can actually choose the best possible fusion strategy for a given problem. 
### 53.Low-Rank Tensor Modeling for Hyperspectral Unmixing Accounting for Spectral Variability  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02413.pdf)
>  Traditional hyperspectral unmixing methods neglect the underlying variability of spectral signatures often obeserved in typical hyperspectral images, propagating these missmodeling errors throughout the whole unmixing process. Attempts to model material spectra as members of sets or as random variables tend to lead to severely ill-posed unmixing problems. To overcome this drawback, endmember variability has been handled through generalizations of the mixing model, combined with spatial regularization over the abundance and endmember estimations. Recently, tensor-based strategies considered low-rank decompositions of hyperspectral images as an alternative to impose low-dimensional structures on the solutions of standard and multitemporal unmixing problems. These strategies, however, present two main drawbacks: 1) they confine the solutions to low-rank tensors, which often cannot represent the complexity of real-world scenarios; and 2) they lack guarantees that endmembers and abundances will be correctly factorized in their respective tensors. In this work, we propose a more flexible approach, called ULTRA-V, that imposes low-rank structures through regularizations whose strictness is controlled by scalar parameters. Simulations attest the superior accuracy of the method when compared with state-of-the-art unmixing algorithms that account for spectral variability. 
### 54.A `Little Bit&#39; Too Much? High Speed Imaging from Sparse Photon Counts  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02396.pdf)
>  Recent advances in photographic sensing technologies have made it possible to achieve light detection in terms of a single photon. Photon counting sensors are being increasingly used in many diverse applications. We address the problem of jointly recovering spatial and temporal scene radiance from very few photon counts. Our ConvNet-based scheme effectively combines spatial and temporal information present in measurements to reduce noise. We demonstrate that using our method one can acquire videos at a high frame rate and still achieve good quality signal-to-noise ratio. Experiments show that the proposed scheme performs quite well in different challenging scenarios while the existing denoising schemes are unable to handle them. 
### 55.Fine-grained Apparel Classification and Retrieval without rich annotations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02385.pdf)
>  The ability to correctly classify and retrieve apparel images has a variety of applications important to e-commerce, online advertising and internet search. In this work, we propose a robust framework for fine-grained apparel classification, in-shop and cross-domain retrieval which eliminates the requirement of rich annotations like bounding boxes and human-joints or clothing landmarks, and training of bounding box/ key-landmark detector for the same. Factors such as subtle appearance differences, variations in human poses, different shooting angles, apparel deformations, and self-occlusion add to the challenges in classification and retrieval of apparel items. Cross-domain retrieval is even harder due to the presence of large variation between online shopping images, usually taken in ideal lighting, pose, positive angle and clean background as compared with street photos captured by users in complicated conditions with poor lighting and cluttered scenes. Our framework uses compact bilinear CNN with tensor sketch algorithm to generate embeddings that capture local pairwise feature interactions in a translationally invariant manner. For apparel classification, we pass the feature embeddings through a softmax classifier, while, the in-shop and cross-domain retrieval pipelines use a triplet-loss based optimization approach, such that squared Euclidean distance between embeddings measures the dissimilarity between the images. Unlike previous works that relied on bounding box, key clothing landmarks or human joint detectors to assist the final deep classifier, proposed framework can be trained directly on the provided category labels or generated triplets for triplet loss optimization. Lastly, Experimental results on the DeepFashion fine-grained categorization, and in-shop and consumer-to-shop retrieval datasets provide a comparative analysis with previous work performed in the domain. 
### 56.Sets of autoencoders with shared latent spaces  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02373.pdf)
>  Autoencoders receive latent models of input data. It was shown in recent works that they also estimate probability density functions of the input. This fact makes using the Bayesian decision theory possible. If we obtain latent models of input data for each class or for some points in the space of parameters in a parameter estimation task, we are able to estimate likelihood functions for those classes or points in parameter space. We show how the set of autoencoders solves the recognition problem. Each autoencoder describes its own model or context, a latent vector that presents input data in the latent space may be called treatment in its context. Sharing latent spaces of autoencoders gives a very important property that is the ability to separate treatment and context where the input information is treated through the set of autoencoders. There are two remarkable and most valuable results of this work: a mechanism that shows a possible way of forming abstract concepts and a way of reducing dataset&#39;s size during training. These results are confirmed by tests presented in the article. 
### 57.Identificação automática de pichação a partir de imagens urbanas  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02372.pdf)
>  Graffiti tagging is a common issue in great cities an local authorities are on the move to combat it. The tagging map of a city can be a useful tool as it may help to clean-up highly saturated regions and discourage future acts in the neighbourhood and currently there is no way of getting a tagging map of a region in an automatic fashion and manual inspection or crowd participation are required. In this work, we describe a work in progress in creating an automatic way to get a tagging map of a city or region. It is based on the use of street view images and on the detection of graffiti tags in the images. 
### 58.Fast High-Dimensional Bilateral and Nonlocal Means Filtering  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02363.pdf)
>  Existing fast algorithms for bilateral and nonlocal means filtering mostly work with grayscale images. They cannot easily be extended to high-dimensional data such as color and hyperspectral images, patch-based data, flow-fields, etc. In this paper, we propose a fast algorithm for high-dimensional bilateral and nonlocal means filtering. Unlike existing approaches, where the focus is on approximating the data (using quantization) or the filter kernel (via analytic expansions), we locally approximate the kernel using weighted and shifted copies of a Gaussian, where the weights and shifts are inferred from the data. The algorithm emerging from the proposed approximation essentially involves clustering and fast convolutions, and is easy to implement. Moreover, a variant of our algorithm comes with a guarantee (bound) on the approximation error, which is not enjoyed by existing algorithms. We present some results for high-dimensional bilateral and nonlocal means filtering to demonstrate the speed and accuracy of our proposal. Moreover, we also show that our algorithm can outperform state-of-the-art fast approximations in terms of accuracy and timing. 
### 59.Micro-Attention for Micro-Expression recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02360.pdf)
>  Micro-expression, for its high objectivity in emotion detection, has emerged to be a promising modality in affective computing. Recently, deep learning methods have been successfully introduced into micro-expression recognition areas. Whilst the higher recognition accuracy achieved with deep learning methods, substantial challenges in micro-expression recognition remain. Issues with the existence of micro expression in small-local areas on face and limited size of databases still constrain the recognition accuracy of such facial behavior. In this work, to tackle such challenges, we propose novel attention mechanism called micro-attention cooperating with residual network. Micro-attention enables the network to learn to focus on facial area of interest. Moreover, coping with small datasets, a simple yet efficient transfer learning approach is utilized to alleviate the overfitting risk. With an extensive experimental evaluation on two benchmarks (CASMEII, SAMM), we demonstrate the effectiveness of proposed micro-attention and push the boundary of automatic recognition of micro-expression. 
### 60.Object 3D Reconstruction based on Photometric Stereo and Inverted Rendering  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02357.pdf)
>  Methods for 3D reconstruction such as Photometric stereo recover the shape and reflectance properties using multiple images of an object taken with variable lighting conditions from a fixed viewpoint. Photometric stereo assumes that a scene is illuminated only directly by the illumination source. As result, indirect illumination effects due to inter-reflections introduce strong biases in the recovered shape. Our suggested approach is to recover scene properties in the presence of indirect illumination. To this end, we proposed an iterative PS method combined with a reverted Monte-Carlo ray tracing algorithm to overcome the inter-reflection effects aiming to separate the direct and indirect lighting. This approach iteratively reconstructs a surface considering both the environment around the object and its concavities. We demonstrate and evaluate our approach using three datasets and the overall results illustrate improvement over the classic PS approaches. 
### 61.Super-Identity Convolutional Neural Network for Face Hallucination  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02328.pdf)
>  Face hallucination is a generative task to super-resolve the facial image with low resolution while human perception of face heavily relies on identity information. However, previous face hallucination approaches largely ignore facial identity recovery. This paper proposes Super-Identity Convolutional Neural Network (SICNN) to recover identity information for generating faces closed to the real identity. Specifically, we define a super-identity loss to measure the identity difference between a hallucinated face and its corresponding high-resolution face within the hypersphere identity metric space. However, directly using this loss will lead to a Dynamic Domain Divergence problem, which is caused by the large margin between the high-resolution domain and the hallucination domain. To overcome this challenge, we present a domain-integrated training approach by constructing a robust identity metric for faces from these two domains. Extensive experimental evaluations demonstrate that the proposed SICNN achieves superior visual quality over the state-of-the-art methods on a challenging task to super-resolve 12$\times$14 faces with an 8$\times$ upscaling factor. In addition, SICNN significantly improves the recognizability of ultra-low-resolution faces. 
### 62.Fast Adaptive Bilateral Filtering  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02308.pdf)
>  In the classical bilateral filter, a fixed Gaussian range kernel is used along with a spatial kernel for edge-preserving smoothing. We consider a generalization of this filter, the so-called adaptive bilateral filter, where the center and width of the Gaussian range kernel is allowed to change from pixel to pixel. Though this variant was originally proposed for sharpening and noise removal, it can also be used for other applications such as artifact removal and texture filtering. Similar to the bilateral filter, the brute-force implementation of its adaptive counterpart requires intense computations. While several fast algorithms have been proposed in the literature for bilateral filtering, most of them work only with a fixed range kernel. In this paper, we propose a fast algorithm for adaptive bilateral filtering, whose complexity does not scale with the spatial filter width. This is based on the observation that the concerned filtering can be performed purely in range space using an appropriately defined local histogram. We show that by replacing the histogram with a polynomial and the finite range-space sum with an integral, we can approximate the filter using analytic functions. In particular, an efficient algorithm is derived using the following innovations: the polynomial is fitted by matching its moments to those of the target histogram (this is done using fast convolutions), and the analytic functions are recursively computed using integration-by-parts. Our algorithm can accelerate the brute-force implementation by at least $20 \times$, without perceptible distortions in the visual quality. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our algorithm for sharpening, JPEG deblocking, and texture filtering. 
### 63.Toward Driving Scene Understanding: A Dataset for Learning Driver Behavior and Causal Reasoning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02307.pdf)
>  Driving Scene understanding is a key ingredient for intelligent transportation systems. To achieve systems that can operate in a complex physical and social environment, they need to understand and learn how humans drive and interact with traffic scenes. We present the Honda Research Institute Driving Dataset (HDD), a challenging dataset to enable research on learning driver behavior in real-life environments. The dataset includes 104 hours of real human driving in the San Francisco Bay Area collected using an instrumented vehicle equipped with different sensors. We provide a detailed analysis of HDD with a comparison to other driving datasets. A novel annotation methodology is introduced to enable research on driver behavior understanding from untrimmed data sequences. As the first step, baseline algorithms for driver behavior detection are trained and tested to demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed task. 
### 64.Infrared and visible image fusion using a novel deep decomposition method  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02291.pdf)
>  Infrared and visible image fusion is an important problem in image fusion tasks which has been applied widely in many fields. To better preserve the useful information from source images, in this paper, we propose an effective image fusion framework using a novel deep decomposition method which based on Latent Low-Rank Representation(LatLRR). And this decomposition method is also named DDLatLRR. Firstly, the LatLRR is utilized to learn a project matrix which used to extract salient features. Then, the base part and multi-level detail parts are obtained by DDLatLRR. With adaptive fusion strategies, the fused base part and the fused detail parts are reconstructed. Finally, the fused image is obtained by combine the fused base part and the detail parts. Compared with other fusion methods experimentally, the proposed algorithm has better fusion performance than state-of-the-art fusion methods in both subjective and objective evaluation. The Code of our fusion method is available at <a href="https://github.com/exceptionLi/imagefusion_deepdecomposition">this https URL</a> 
### 65.SparseFool: a few pixels make a big difference  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02248.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks have achieved extraordinary results on image classification tasks, but have been shown to be vulnerable to attacks with carefully crafted perturbations of the input data. Although most attacks usually change values of many image&#39;s pixels, it has been shown that deep networks are also vulnerable to sparse alterations of the input. However, no efficient method has been proposed to compute sparse perturbations. In this paper, we exploit the low mean curvature of the decision boundary, and propose SparseFool, a geometry inspired sparse attack that controls the sparsity of the perturbations. Extensive evaluations show that our approach outperforms related methods, and scales to high dimensional data. We further analyze the transferability and the visual effects of the perturbations, and show the existence of shared semantic information across the images and the networks. Finally, we show that adversarial training using $\ell_\infty$ perturbations can slightly improve the robustness against sparse additive perturbations. 
### 66.Semantic bottleneck for computer vision tasks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02234.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a novel method for the representation of images that is semantic by nature, addressing the question of computation intelligibility in computer vision tasks. More specifically, our proposition is to introduce what we call a semantic bottleneck in the processing pipeline, which is a crossing point in which the representation of the image is entirely expressed with natural language , while retaining the efficiency of numerical representations. We show that our approach is able to generate semantic representations that give state-of-the-art results on semantic content-based image retrieval and also perform very well on image classification tasks. Intelligibility is evaluated through user centered experiments for failure detection. 
### 67.Weakly Supervised Scene Parsing with Point-based Distance Metric Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02233.pdf)
>  Semantic scene parsing is suffering from the fact that pixel-level annotations are hard to be collected. To tackle this issue, we propose a Point-based Distance Metric Learning (PDML) in this paper. PDML does not require dense annotated masks and only leverages several labeled points that are much easier to obtain to guide the training process. Concretely, we leverage semantic relationship among the annotated points by encouraging the feature representations of the intra- and inter-category points to keep consistent, i.e. points within the same category should have more similar feature representations compared to those from different categories. We formulate such a characteristic into a simple distance metric loss, which collaborates with the point-wise cross-entropy loss to optimize the deep neural networks. Furthermore, to fully exploit the limited annotations, distance metric learning is conducted across different training images instead of simply adopting an image-dependent manner. We conduct extensive experiments on two challenging scene parsing benchmarks of PASCAL-Context and ADE 20K to validate the effectiveness of our PDML, and competitive mIoU scores are achieved. 
### 68.DSNet: Deep and Shallow Feature Learning for Efficient Visual Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02208.pdf)
>  In recent years, Discriminative Correlation Filter (DCF) based tracking methods have achieved great success in visual tracking. However, the multi-resolution convolutional feature maps trained from other tasks like image classification, cannot be naturally used in the conventional DCF formulation. Furthermore, these high-dimensional feature maps significantly increase the tracking complexity and thus limit the tracking speed. In this paper, we present a deep and shallow feature learning network, namely DSNet, to learn the multi-level same-resolution compressed (MSC) features for efficient online tracking, in an end-to-end offline manner. Specifically, the proposed DSNet compresses multi-level convolutional features to uniform spatial resolution features. The learned MSC features effectively encode both appearance and semantic information of objects in the same-resolution feature maps, thus enabling an elegant combination of the MSC features with any DCF-based methods. Additionally, a channel reliability measurement (CRM) method is presented to further refine the learned MSC features. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the MSC features learned from the proposed DSNet on two DCF tracking frameworks: the basic DCF framework and the continuous convolution operator framework. Extensive experiments show that the learned MSC features have the appealing advantage of allowing the equipped DCF-based tracking methods to perform favorably against the state-of-the-art methods while running at high frame rates. 
### 69.In-the-wild Facial Expression Recognition in Extreme Poses  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02194.pdf)
>  In the computer research area, facial expression recognition is a hot research problem. Recent years, the research has moved from the lab environment to in-the-wild circumstances. It is challenging, especially under extreme poses. But current expression detection systems are trying to avoid the pose effects and gain the general applicable ability. In this work, we solve the problem in the opposite approach. We consider the head poses and detect the expressions within special head poses. Our work includes two parts: detect the head pose and group it into one pre-defined head pose class; do facial expression recognize within each pose class. Our experiments show that the recognition results with pose class grouping are much better than that of direct recognition without considering poses. We combine the hand-crafted features, SIFT, LBP and geometric feature, with deep learning feature as the representation of the expressions. The handcrafted features are added into the deep learning framework along with the high level deep learning features. As a comparison, we implement SVM and random forest to as the prediction models. To train and test our methodology, we labeled the face dataset with 6 basic expressions. 
### 70.3DCapsule: Extending the Capsule Architecture to Classify 3D Point Clouds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02191.pdf)
>  This paper introduces the 3DCapsule, which is a 3D extension of the recently introduced Capsule concept that makes it applicable to unordered point sets. The original Capsule relies on the existence of a spatial relationship between the elements in the feature map it is presented with, whereas in point permutation invariant formulations of 3D point set classification methods, such relationships are typically lost. Here, a new layer called ComposeCaps is introduced that, in lieu of a spatially relevant feature mapping, learns a new mapping that can be exploited by the 3DCapsule. Previous works in the 3D point set classification domain have focused on other parts of the architecture, whereas instead, the 3DCapsule is a drop-in replacement of the commonly used fully connected classifier. It is demonstrated via an ablation study, that when the 3DCapsule is applied to recent 3D point set classification architectures, it consistently shows an improvement, in particular when subjected to noisy data. Similarly, the ComposeCaps layer is evaluated and demonstrates an improvement over the baseline. In an apples-to-apples comparison against state-of-the-art methods, again, better performance is demonstrated by the 3DCapsule. 
### 71.BLP - Boundary Likelihood Pinpointing Networks for Accurate Temporal Action Localization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02189.pdf)
>  Despite tremendous progress achieved in temporal action detection, state-of-the-art methods still suffer from the sharp performance deterioration when localizing the starting and ending temporal action boundaries. Although most methods apply boundary regression paradigm to tackle this problem, we argue that the direct regression lacks detailed enough information to yield accurate temporal boundaries. In this paper, we propose a novel Boundary Likelihood Pinpointing (BLP) network to alleviate this deficiency of boundary regression and improve the localization accuracy. Given a loosely localized search interval that contains an action instance, BLP casts the problem of localizing temporal boundaries as that of assigning probabilities on each equally divided unit of this interval. These generated probabilities provide useful information regarding the boundary location of the action inside this search interval. Based on these probabilities, we introduce a boundary pinpointing paradigm to pinpoint the accurate boundaries under a simple probabilistic framework. Compared with other C3D feature based detectors, extensively experiments demonstrate that BLP significantly improve the localization performance of recent state-of-the-art detectors, and achieve competitive detection mAP on both THUMOS&#39; 14 and ActivityNet datasets, particularly when the evaluation tIoU is high. 
### 72.Classification of 12-Lead ECG Signals with Bi-directional LSTM Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02090.pdf)
>  We propose a recurrent neural network classifier to detect pathologies in 12-lead ECG signals and train and validate the classifier with the Chinese physiological signal challenge dataset (<a href="http://www.icbeb.org/Challenge.html">this http URL</a>). The recurrent neural network consists of two bi-directional LSTM layers and can train on arbitrary-length ECG signals. Our best trained model achieved an average F1 score of 74.15% on the validation set. <br />Keywords: ECG classification, Deep learning, RNN, Bi-directional LSTM, QRS detection. 
### 73.Leveraging Virtual and Real Person for Unsupervised Person Re-identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02074.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (re-ID) is a challenging problem especially when no labels are available for training. Although recent deep re-ID methods have achieved great improvement, it is still difficult to optimize deep re-ID model without annotations in training data. To address this problem, this study introduces a novel approach for unsupervised person re-ID by leveraging virtual and real data. Our approach includes two components: virtual person generation and training of deep re-ID model. For virtual person generation, we learn a person generation model and a camera style transfer model using unlabeled real data to generate virtual persons with different poses and camera styles. The virtual data is formed as labeled training data, enabling subsequently training deep re-ID model in supervision. For training of deep re-ID model, we divide it into three steps: 1) pre-training a coarse re-ID model by using virtual data; 2) collaborative filtering based positive pair mining from the real data; and 3) fine-tuning of the coarse re-ID model by leveraging the mined positive pairs and virtual data. The final re-ID model is achieved by iterating between step 2 and step 3 until convergence. Experimental results on two large-scale datasets, Market-1501 and DukeMTMC-reID, demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach and shows that the state of the art is achieved in unsupervised person re-ID. 
### 74.Non-Local Compressive Sensing Based SAR Tomography  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02046.pdf)
>  Tomographic SAR (TomoSAR) inversion of urban areas is an inherently sparse reconstruction problem and, hence, can be solved using compressive sensing (CS) algorithms. This paper proposes solutions for two notorious problems in this field: 1) TomoSAR requires a high number of data sets, which makes the technique expensive. However, it can be shown that the number of acquisitions and the signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) can be traded off against each other, because it is asymptotically only the product of the number of acquisitions and SNR that determines the reconstruction quality. We propose to increase SNR by integrating non-local estimation into the inversion and show that a reasonable reconstruction of buildings from only seven interferograms is feasible. 2) CS-based inversion is computationally expensive and therefore barely suitable for large-scale applications. We introduce a new fast and accurate algorithm for solving the non-local L1-L2-minimization problem, central to CS-based reconstruction algorithms. The applicability of the algorithm is demonstrated using simulated data and TerraSAR-X high-resolution spotlight images over an area in Munich, Germany. 
### 75.A Differential Volumetric Approach to Multi-View Photometric Stereo  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01984.pdf)
>  Highly accurate 3D volumetric reconstruction is still an open research topic where the main difficulties are usually related to merging rough estimations with high frequency details. One of the most promising methods is the fusion between multi-view stereo and photometric imaging 3D shape reconstruction techniques. However, beside the intrinsic difficulties that multi-view stereo and photometric stereo have to make them working reliably, supplementary problems raise when considered together. Most importantly, the projection of the fine details usually retrievable with photometric stereo onto the rough multi-view stereo reconstruction is difficult to handle. <br />In this work, we present a volumetric approach to the multi-view photometric stereo problem defined by a unified differential model. The key to our method is the signed distance field parameterisation which avoids the complex step of re-projecting high frequency details as the parameterisation of the whole volume allows a photometric modeling on the volume itself efficiently dealing with occlusions, discontinuities, etc. The relation between the surface normals and the gradient of the signed distance field leads to a homogeneous linear partial differential equation. A variational optimisation is adopted in order to combine multiple images from multiple points of view in a single system avoiding the need of merging depth maps. Our approach is evaluated on synthetic and real data-sets and achieves state-of-the-art results. 
### 76.Towards continual learning in medical imaging  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02496.pdf)
>  This work investigates continual learning of two segmentation tasks in brain MRI with neural networks. To explore in this context the capabilities of current methods for countering catastrophic forgetting of the first task when a new one is learned, we investigate elastic weight consolidation, a recently proposed method based on Fisher information, originally evaluated on reinforcement learning of Atari games. We use it to sequentially learn segmentation of normal brain structures and then segmentation of white matter lesions. Our findings show this recent method reduces catastrophic forgetting, while large room for improvement exists in these challenging settings for continual learning. 
### 77.Synaptic Strength For Convolutional Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02454.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks(CNNs) are both computation and memory intensive which hindered their deployment in mobile devices. Inspired by the relevant concept in neural science literature, we propose Synaptic Pruning: a data-driven method to prune connections between input and output feature maps with a newly proposed class of parameters called Synaptic Strength. Synaptic Strength is designed to capture the importance of a connection based on the amount of information it transports. Experiment results show the effectiveness of our approach. On CIFAR-10, we prune connections for various CNN models with up to 96% , which results in significant size reduction and computation saving. Further evaluation on ImageNet demonstrates that synaptic pruning is able to discover efficient models which is competitive to state-of-the-art compact CNNs such as MobileNet-V2 and NasNet-Mobile. Our contribution is summarized as following: (1) We introduce Synaptic Strength, a new class of parameters for CNNs to indicate the importance of each connections. (2) Our approach can prune various CNNs with high compression without compromising accuracy. (3) Further investigation shows, the proposed Synaptic Strength is a better indicator for kernel pruning compared with the previous approach in both empirical result and theoretical analysis. 
### 78.A General Theory of Equivariant CNNs on Homogeneous Spaces  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.02017.pdf)
>  Group equivariant convolutional neural networks (G-CNNs) have recently emerged as a very effective model class for learning from signals in the context of known symmetries. A wide variety of equivariant layers has been proposed for signals on 2D and 3D Euclidean space, graphs, and the sphere, and it has become difficult to see how all of these methods are related, and how they may be generalized. <br />In this paper, we present a fairly general theory of equivariant convolutional networks. Convolutional feature spaces are described as fields over a homogeneous base space, such as the plane $\mathbb{R}^2$, sphere $S^2$ or a graph $\mathcal{G}$. The theory enables a systematic classification of all existing G-CNNs in terms of their group of symmetry, base space, and field type (e.g. scalar, vector, or tensor field, etc.). <br />In addition to this classification, we use Mackey theory to show that convolutions with equivariant kernels are the most general class of equivariant maps between such fields, thus establishing G-CNNs as a universal class of equivariant networks. The theory also explains how the space of equivariant kernels can be parameterized for learning, thereby simplifying the development of G-CNNs for new spaces and symmetries. Finally, the theory introduces a rich geometric semantics to learned feature spaces, thus improving interpretability of deep networks, and establishing a connection to central ideas in mathematics and physics. 
### 79.Confidence Propagation through CNNs for Guided Sparse Depth Regression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01791.pdf)
>  Generally, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) process data on a regular grid, e.g. data generated by ordinary cameras. Designing CNNs for sparse and irregularly spaced input data is still an open research problem with numerous applications in autonomous driving, robotics, and surveillance. In this paper, we propose an algebraically-constrained normalized convolution layer for CNNs with highly sparse input that has a smaller number of network parameters compared to related work. We propose novel strategies for determining the confidence from the convolution operation and propagating it to consecutive layers. We also propose an objective function that simultaneously minimizes the data error while maximizing the output confidence. To integrate structural information, we also investigate fusion strategies to combine depth and RGB information in our normalized convolution network framework. In addition, we introduce the use of output confidence as an auxiliary information to improve the results. The capabilities of our normalized convolution network framework are demonstrated for the problem of scene depth completion. Comprehensive experiments are performed on the KITTI-Depth benchmark and the results clearly demonstrate that the proposed approach achieves superior performance while requiring only about 5% of the number of parameters compared to the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 80.Real-time Driver Drowsiness Detection for Android Application Using Deep Neural Networks Techniques  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01627.pdf)
>  Road crashes and related forms of accidents are a common cause of injury and death among the human population. According to 2015 data from the World Health Organization, road traffic injuries resulted in approximately 1.25 million deaths worldwide, i.e. approximately every 25 seconds an individual will experience a fatal crash. While the cost of traffic accidents in Europe is estimated at around 160 billion Euros, driver drowsiness accounts for approximately 100,000 accidents per year in the United States alone as reported by The American National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA). In this paper, a novel approach towards real-time drowsiness detection is proposed. This approach is based on a deep learning method that can be implemented on Android applications with high accuracy. The main contribution of this work is the compression of heavy baseline model to a lightweight model. Moreover, minimal network structure is designed based on facial landmark key point detection to recognize whether the driver is drowsy. The proposed model is able to achieve an accuracy of more than 80%. Keywords: Driver Monitoring System; Drowsiness Detection; Deep Learning; Real-time Deep Neural Network; Android. 
### 81.Continual Occlusions and Optical Flow Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01602.pdf)
>  Two optical flow estimation problems are addressed: i) occlusion estimation and handling, and ii) estimation from image sequences longer than two frames. The proposed ContinualFlow method estimates occlusions before flow, avoiding the use of flow corrupted by occlusions for their estimation. We show that providing occlusion masks as an additional input to flow estimation improves the standard performance metric by more than 25\% on both KITTI and Sintel. As a second contribution, a novel method for incorporating information from past frames into flow estimation is introduced. The previous frame flow serves as an input to occlusion estimation and as a prior in occluded regions, i.e. those without visual correspondences. By continually using the previous frame flow, ContinualFlow performance improves further by 18\% on KITTI and 7\% on Sintel, achieving top performance on KITTI and Sintel. 
### 82.Semi-Semantic Line-Cluster Assisted Monocular SLAM for Indoor Environments  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01592.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel method to reduce the scale drift for indoor monocular simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM). We leverage the prior knowledge that in the indoor environment, the line segments form tight clusters, e.g. many door frames in a straight corridor are of the same shape, size and orientation, so the same edges of these door frames form a tight line segment cluster. We implement our method in the popular ORB-SLAM2, which also serves as our baseline. In the front end we detect the line segments in each frame and incrementally cluster them in the 3D space. In the back end, we optimize the map imposing the constraint that the line segments of the same cluster should be the same. Experimental results show that our proposed method successfully reduces the scale drift for indoor monocular SLAM. 
### 83.SPNet: Deep 3D Object Classification and Retrieval using Stereographic Projection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01571.pdf)
>  We propose an efficient Stereographic Projection Neural Network (SPNet) for learning representations of 3D objects. We first transform a 3D input volume into a 2D planar image using stereographic projection. We then present a shallow 2D convolutional neural network (CNN) to estimate the object category followed by view ensemble, which combines the responses from multiple views of the object to further enhance the predictions. Specifically, the proposed approach consists of four stages: (1) Stereographic projection of a 3D object, (2) view-specific feature learning, (3) view selection and (4) view ensemble. The proposed approach performs comparably to the state-of-the-art methods while having substantially lower GPU memory as well as network parameters. Despite its lightness, the experiments on 3D object classification and shape retrievals demonstrate the high performance of the proposed method. 
### 84.You Only Search Once: Single Shot Neural Architecture Search via Direct Sparse Optimization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01567.pdf)
>  Recently Neural Architecture Search (NAS) has aroused great interest in both academia and industry, however it remains challenging because of its huge and non-continuous search space. Instead of applying evolutionary algorithm or reinforcement learning as previous works, this paper proposes a Direct Sparse Optimization NAS (DSO-NAS) method. In DSO-NAS, we provide a novel model pruning view to NAS problem. In specific, we start from a completely connected block, and then introduce scaling factors to scale the information flow between operations. Next, we impose sparse regularizations to prune useless connections in the architecture. Lastly, we derive an efficient and theoretically sound optimization method to solve it. Our method enjoys both advantages of differentiability and efficiency, therefore can be directly applied to large datasets like ImageNet. Particularly, On CIFAR-10 dataset, DSO-NAS achieves an average test error 2.84\%, while on the ImageNet dataset DSO-NAS achieves 25.4\% test error under 600M FLOPs with 8 GPUs in 18 hours. 
### 85.StNet: Local and Global Spatial-Temporal Modeling for Action Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01549.pdf)
>  Despite the success of deep learning for static image understanding, it remains unclear what are the most effective network architectures for the spatial-temporal modeling in videos. In this paper, in contrast to the existing CNN+RNN or pure 3D convolution based approaches, we explore a novel spatial temporal network (StNet) architecture for both local and global spatial-temporal modeling in videos. Particularly, StNet stacks N successive video frames into a \emph{super-image} which has 3N channels and applies 2D convolution on super-images to capture local spatial-temporal relationship. To model global spatial-temporal relationship, we apply temporal convolution on the local spatial-temporal feature maps. Specifically, a novel temporal Xception block is proposed in StNet. It employs a separate channel-wise and temporal-wise convolution over the feature sequence of video. Extensive experiments on the Kinetics dataset demonstrate that our framework outperforms several state-of-the-art approaches in action recognition and can strike a satisfying trade-off between recognition accuracy and model complexity. We further demonstrate the generalization performance of the leaned video representations on the UCF101 dataset. 
### 86.Redefining Ultrasound Compounding: Computational Sonography  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01534.pdf)
>  Freehand three-dimensional ultrasound (3D-US) has gained considerable interest in research, but even today suffers from its high inter-operator variability in clinical practice. The high variability mainly arises from tracking inaccuracies as well as the directionality of the ultrasound data, being neglected in most of today&#39;s reconstruction methods. By providing a novel paradigm for the acquisition and reconstruction of tracked freehand 3D ultrasound, this work presents the concept of Computational Sonography (CS) to model the directionality of ultrasound information. CS preserves the directionality of the acquired data, and allows for its exploitation by computational algorithms. In this regard, we propose a set of mathematical models to represent 3D-US data, inspired by the physics of ultrasound imaging. We compare different models of Computational Sonography to classical scalar compounding for freehand acquisitions, providing both an improved preservation of US directionality as well as improved image quality in 3D. The novel concept is evaluated for a set of phantom datasets, as well as for in-vivo acquisitions of muscoloskeletal and vascular applications. 
### 87.Unsupervised RGBD Video Object Segmentation Using GANs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01526.pdf)
>  Video object segmentation is a fundamental step in many advanced vision applications. Most existing algorithms are based on handcrafted features such as HOG, super-pixel segmentation or texture-based techniques, while recently deep features have been found to be more efficient. Existing algorithms observe performance degradation in the presence of challenges such as illumination variations, shadows, and color camouflage. To handle these challenges we propose a fusion based moving object segmentation algorithm which exploits color as well as depth information using GAN to achieve more accuracy. Our goal is to segment moving objects in the presence of challenging background scenes, in real environments. To address this problem, GAN is trained in an unsupervised manner on color and depth information independently with challenging video sequences. During testing, the trained GAN generates backgrounds similar to that in the test sample. The generated background samples are then compared with the test sample to segment moving objects. The final result is computed by fusion of object boundaries in both modalities, RGB and the depth. The comparison of our proposed algorithm with five state-of-the-art methods on publicly available dataset has shown the strength of our algorithm for moving object segmentation in videos in the presence of challenging real scenarios. 
### 88.Underwater Fish Detection using Deep Learning for Water Power Applications  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01494.pdf)
>  Clean energy from oceans and rivers is becoming a reality with the development of new technologies like tidal and instream turbines that generate electricity from naturally flowing water. These new technologies are being monitored for effects on fish and other wildlife using underwater video. Methods for automated analysis of underwater video are needed to lower the costs of analysis and improve accuracy. A deep learning model, YOLO, was trained to recognize fish in underwater video using three very different datasets recorded at real-world water power sites. Training and testing with examples from all three datasets resulted in a mean average precision (mAP) score of 0.5392. To test how well a model could generalize to new datasets, the model was trained using examples from only two of the datasets and then tested on examples from all three datasets. The resulting model could not recognize fish in the dataset that was not part of the training set. The mAP scores on the other two datasets that were included in the training set were higher than the scores achieved by the model trained on all three datasets. These results indicate that different methods are needed in order to produce a trained model that can generalize to new data sets such as those encountered in real world applications. 
### 89.Fast Face Image Synthesis with Minimal Training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01474.pdf)
>  We propose an algorithm to generate realistic face im-ages of both real and synthetic identities (people who donot exist) with different facial yaw, shape and resolution.The synthesized images can be used to augment datasets totrain CNNs or as massive distractor sets for biometric ver-ification experiments without any privacy concerns. Addi-tionally, law enforcement can make use of this technique totrain forensic experts to recognize faces. Our method sam-ples face components from a pool of multiple face images ofreal identities to generate the synthetic texture. Then, a real3D head model compatible to the generated texture is usedto render it under different facial yaw transformations. Weperform multiple quantitative experiments to assess the ef-fectiveness of our synthesis procedure in CNN training andits potential use to generate distractor face images. Addi-tionally, we compare our method with popular GAN modelsin terms of visual quality and execution time. 
### 90.False Positive Reduction in Lung Computed Tomography Images using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01424.pdf)
>  Recent studies have shown that lung cancer screening using annual low-dose computed tomography (CT) reduces lung cancer mortality by 20% compared to traditional chest radiography. Therefore, CT lung screening has started to be used widely all across the world. However, analyzing these images is a serious burden for radiologists. In this study, we propose a novel and simple framework that analyzes CT lung screenings using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and reduces false positives. Our framework shows that even non-complex architectures are very powerful to classify 3D nodule data when compared to traditional methods. We also use different fusions in order to show their power and effect on the overall score. 3D CNNs are preferred over 2D CNNs because data are in 3D, and 2D convolutional operations may result in information loss. Mini-batch is used in order to overcome class-imbalance. Proposed framework has been validated according to the LUNA16 challenge evaluation and got score of 0.786, which is the average sensitivity values at seven predefined false positive (FP) points. 
### 91.DeepKey: Towards End-to-End Physical Key Replication From a Single Photograph  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01405.pdf)
>  This paper describes DeepKey, an end-to-end deep neural architecture capable of taking a digital RGB image of an &#39;everyday&#39; scene containing a pin tumbler key (e.g. lying on a table or carpet) and fully automatically inferring a printable 3D key model. We report on the key detection performance and describe how candidates can be transformed into physical prints. We show an example opening a real-world lock. Our system is described in detail, providing a breakdown of all components including key detection, pose normalisation, bitting segmentation and 3D model inference. We provide an in-depth evaluation and conclude by reflecting on limitations, applications, potential security risks and societal impact. We contribute the DeepKey Datasets of 5, 300+ images covering a few test keys with bounding boxes, pose and unaligned mask data. 
### 92.Texture Synthesis Guided Deep Hashing for Texture Image Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01401.pdf)
>  With the large-scale explosion of images and videos over the internet, efficient hashing methods have been developed to facilitate memory and time efficient retrieval of similar images. However, none of the existing works uses hashing to address texture image retrieval mostly because of the lack of sufficiently large texture image databases. Our work addresses this problem by developing a novel deep learning architecture that generates binary hash codes for input texture images. For this, we first pre-train a Texture Synthesis Network (TSN) which takes a texture patch as input and outputs an enlarged view of the texture by injecting newer texture content. Thus it signifies that the TSN encodes the learnt texture specific information in its intermediate layers. In the next stage, a second network gathers the multi-scale feature representations from the TSN&#39;s intermediate layers using channel-wise attention, combines them in a progressive manner to a dense continuous representation which is finally converted into a binary hash code with the help of individual and pairwise label information. The new enlarged texture patches also help in data augmentation to alleviate the problem of insufficient texture data and are used to train the second stage of the network. Experiments on three public texture image retrieval datasets indicate the superiority of our texture synthesis guided hashing approach over current state-of-the-art methods. 
### 93.Handwriting Recognition in Low-resource Scripts using Adversarial Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01396.pdf)
>  Handwritten Word Recognition and Spotting is a challenging field dealing with handwritten text possessing irregular and complex shapes. Designing models using deep neural networks makes it necessary to extend datasets in order to introduce variances and increase the number of training samples; word-retrieval is therefore very difficult in low-resource scripts. Much of the existing literature use preprocessing strategies which are seldom sufficient to cover all possible variations. We propose the Adversarial Feature Deformation Module that learns ways to elastically warp extracted features in a scalable manner. It is inserted between intermediate layers and trained alternatively with the original framework, boosting its capability to better learn highly informative features rather than trivial ones. We test our meta-framework which is built on top of popular spotting and recognition frameworks and enhanced by the AFDM not only on extensive Latin word datasets, but on sparser Indic scripts too. We record results for varying training data sizes, and observe that our enhanced network generalizes much better in the low-data regime; the overall word-error rates and mAP scores are observed to improve as well. 
### 94.Query-based Logo Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01395.pdf)
>  Logo detection in real-world scene images is an important problem with useful applications in advertisement and marketing. Existing general-purpose object detection methods require large training data with bounding box annotations for every logo class. These methods do not satisfy the incremental demand of logo classes necessary for practical deployment as it is practically impossible to have such paired data for every new unseen logo. In this work, we propose a query-based logo search and detection system by employing a one-shot learning technique. Given an image of a query logo, the model searches for it within a given target image and predicts the possible location of the logo by estimating a corresponding binary mask. The proposed model consists of a conditional branch and a segmentation branch. The former gives a conditional representation of a given query logo which is combined with the feature maps at multiple scales of the segmentation branch. The multi-scale conditioning allows our model to obtain a scale-invariant solution. Experimental results reveal that our model can be successfully adapted for any logo classes without separately training the whole network. Also, our query-based logo retrieval framework achieved superior performance in FlickrLogos-32 and TopLogos-10 dataset over existing baselines. 
### 95.Underwater Single Image Color Restoration Using Haze-Lines and a New Quantitative Dataset  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01343.pdf)
>  Underwater images suffer from color distortion and low contrast, because light is attenuated while it propagates through water. Attenuation under water varies with wavelength, unlike terrestrial images where attenuation is assumed to be spectrally uniform. The attenuation depends both on the water body and the 3D structure of the scene, making color restoration difficult. <br />Unlike existing single underwater image enhancement techniques, our method takes into account multiple spectral profiles of different water types. By estimating just two additional global parameters: the attenuation ratios of the blue-red and blue-green color channels, the problem is reduced to single image dehazing, where all color channels have the same attenuation coefficients. Since the water type is unknown, we evaluate different parameters out of an existing library of water types. Each type leads to a different restored image and the best result is automatically chosen based on color distribution. <br />We collected a dataset of images taken in different locations with varying water properties, showing color charts in the scenes. Moreover, to obtain ground truth, the 3D structure of the scene was calculated based on stereo imaging. This dataset enables a quantitative evaluation of restoration algorithms on natural images and shows the advantage of our method. 
### 96.Bi-Real Net: Binarizing Deep Network Towards Real-Network Performance  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01335.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study 1-bit convolutional neural networks (CNNs), of which both the weights and activations are binary. While efficient, the lacking of representational capability and the training difficulty impede 1-bit CNNs from performing as well as real-valued networks. We propose Bi-Real net with a novel training algorithm to tackle these two challenges. To enhance the representational capability, we propagate the real-valued activations generated by each 1-bit convolution via a parameter-free shortcut. To address the training difficulty, we propose a training algorithm using a tighter approximation to the derivative of the sign function, a magnitude-aware gradient for weight updating, a better initialization method, and a two-step scheme for training a deep network. Experiments on ImageNet show that an 18-layer Bi-Real net with the proposed training algorithm achieves 56.4% top-1 classification accuracy, which is 10% higher than the state-of-the-arts (e.g., XNOR-Net) with greater memory saving and lower computational cost. Bi-Real net is also the first to scale up 1-bit CNNs to an ultra-deep network with 152 layers, and achieves 64.5% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet. A 50-layer Bi-Real net shows comparable performance to a real-valued network on the depth estimation task with only a 0.3% accuracy gap. 
### 97.Improving GAN with neighbors embedding and gradient matching  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01333.pdf)
>  We propose two new techniques for training Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). Our objectives are to alleviate mode collapse in GAN and improve the quality of the generated samples. First, we propose neighbor embedding, a manifold learning-based regularization to explicitly retain local structures of latent samples in the generated samples. This prevents generator from producing nearly identical data samples from different latent samples, and reduces mode collapse. We propose an inverse t-SNE regularizer to achieve this. Second, we propose a new technique, gradient matching, to align the distributions of the generated samples and the real samples. As it is challenging to work with high-dimensional sample distributions, we propose to align these distributions through the scalar discriminator scores. We constrain the difference between the discriminator scores of the real samples and generated ones. We further constrain the difference between the gradients of these discriminator scores. We derive these constraints from Taylor approximations of the discriminator function. We perform experiments to demonstrate that our proposed techniques are computationally simple and easy to be incorporated in existing systems. When Gradient matching and Neighbour embedding are applied together, our GN-GAN achieves outstanding results on 1D/2D synthetic, CIFAR-10 and STL-10 datasets, e.g. FID score of $30.80$ for the STL-10 dataset. Our code is available at: <a href="https://github.com/tntrung/gan">this https URL</a> 
### 98.RA-UNet: A hybrid deep attention-aware network to extract liver and tumor in CT scans  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01328.pdf)
>  Automatic extraction of liver and tumor from CT volumes is a challenging task due to their heterogeneous and diffusive shapes. Recently, 2D and 3D deep convolutional neural networks have become popular in medical image segmentation tasks because of the utilization of large labeled datasets to learn hierarchical features. However, 3D networks have some drawbacks due to their high cost on computational resources. In this paper, we propose a 3D hybrid residual attention-aware segmentation method, named RA-UNet, to precisely extract the liver volume of interests (VOI) and segment tumors from the liver VOI. The proposed network has a basic architecture as a 3D U-Net which extracts contextual information combining low-level feature maps with high-level ones. Attention modules are stacked so that the attention-aware features change adaptively as the network goes &#34;very deep&#34; and this is made possible by residual learning. This is the first work that an attention residual mechanism is used to process medical volumetric images. We evaluated our framework on the public MICCAI 2017 Liver Tumor Segmentation dataset and the 3DIRCADb dataset. The results show that our architecture outperforms other state-of-the-art methods. We also extend our RA-UNet to brain tumor segmentation on the BraTS2018 and BraTS2017 datasets, and the results indicate that RA-UNet achieves good performance on a brain tumor segmentation task as well. 
### 99.A dataset for benchmarking vision-based localization at intersections  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01306.pdf)
>  In this report we present the work performed in order to build a dataset for benchmarking vision-based localization at intersections, i.e., a set of stereo video sequences taken from a road vehicle that is approaching an intersection, altogether with a reliable measure of the observer position. This report is meant to complement our paper &#34;Vision-Based Localization at Intersections using Digital Maps&#34; submitted to ICRA2019. It complements the paper because the paper uses the dataset, but it had no space for describing the work done to obtain it. Moreover, the dataset is of interest for all those tackling the task of online localization at intersections for road vehicles, e.g., for a quantitative comparison with the proposal in our submitted paper, and it is therefore appropriate to put the dataset description in a separate report. We considered all datasets from road vehicles that we could find as for the end of August 2018. After our evaluation, we kept only sub-sequences from the KITTI dataset. In the future we will increase the collection of sequences with data from our vehicle. 
### 100.Geometry-Aware Recurrent Neural Networks for Active Visual Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01292.pdf)
>  We present recurrent geometry-aware neural networks that integrate visual information across multiple views of a scene into 3D latent feature tensors, while maintaining an one-to-one mapping between 3D physical locations in the world scene and latent feature locations. Object detection, object segmentation, and 3D reconstruction is then carried out directly using the constructed 3D feature memory, as opposed to any of the input 2D images. The proposed models are equipped with differentiable egomotion-aware feature warping and (learned) depth-aware unprojection operations to achieve geometrically consistent mapping between the features in the input frame and the constructed latent model of the scene. We empirically show the proposed model generalizes much better than geometryunaware LSTM/GRU networks, especially under the presence of multiple objects and cross-object occlusions. Combined with active view selection policies, our model learns to select informative viewpoints to integrate information from by &#34;undoing&#34; cross-object occlusions, seamlessly combining geometry with learning from experience. 
### 101.Auto-ML Deep Learning for Rashi Scripts OCR  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01290.pdf)
>  In this work we propose an OCR scheme for manuscripts printed in Rashi font that is an ancient Hebrew font and corresponding dialect used in religious Jewish literature, for more than 600 years. The proposed scheme utilizes a convolution neural network (CNN) for visual inference and Long-Short Term Memory (LSTM) to learn the Rashi scripts dialect. In particular, we derive an AutoML scheme to optimize the CNN architecture, and a book-specific CNN training to improve the OCR accuracy. The proposed scheme achieved an accuracy of more than 99.8% using a dataset of more than 3M annotated letters from the Responsa Project dataset. 
### 102.Deep Learning based Computer-Aided Diagnosis Systems for Diabetic Retinopathy: A Survey  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01238.pdf)
>  The outstanding performance of deep learning in various computer vision tasks motivated its application for medical image analysis, in particular, retinal fundus image analysis. It has been applied to a variety of tasks including diagnosis, detection and segmentation of pathologies in retinal fundus images. Many deep learning based techniques have been proposed to analyze retinal fundus images for automatic detection and diagnosis of macular degeneration and diabetic retinopathy. The automatic detection of diabetic retinopathy has the potential to prevent cases of vision loss and blindness by boosting the examination of diabetic patients. We carried out a comprehensive study of the latest deep learning techniques and their use in fundus image analysis. This paper presents the key concepts of deep learning relevant to diabetic retinopathy images analysis and reviews the latest deep learning based contributions in this area. We conclude the paper with a summary of the state-of-the-art, a critical discussion of open challenges and directions for future research. 
### 103.DUNet: A deformable network for retinal vessel segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01206.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation of retinal vessels in fundus images plays an important role in the diagnosis of some diseases such as diabetes and hypertension. In this paper, we propose Deformable U-Net (DUNet), which exploits the retinal vessels&#39; local features with a U-shape architecture, in an end to end manner for retinal vessel segmentation. Inspired by the recently introduced deformable convolutional networks, we integrate the deformable convolution into the proposed network. The DUNet, with upsampling operators to increase the output resolution, is designed to extract context information and enable precise localization by combining low-level feature maps with high-level ones. Furthermore, DUNet captures the retinal vessels at various shapes and scales by adaptively adjusting the receptive fields according to vessels&#39; scales and shapes. Three public datasets DRIVE, STARE and CHASE_DB1 are used to train and test our model. Detailed comparisons between the proposed network and the deformable neural network, U-Net are provided in our study. Results show that more detailed vessels are extracted by DUNet and it exhibits state-of-the-art performance for retinal vessel segmentation with a global accuracy of 0.9697/0.9722/0.9724 and AUC of 0.9856/0.9868/0.9863 on DRIVE, STARE and CHASE_DB1 respectively. Moreover, to show the generalization ability of the DUNet, we used another two retinal vessel data sets, one is named WIDE and the other is a synthetic data set with diverse styles, named SYNTHE, to qualitatively and quantitatively analyzed and compared with other methods. Results indicates that DUNet outperforms other state-of-the-arts. 
### 104.Pushing the boundaries of audiovisual word recognition using Residual Networks and LSTMs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01194.pdf)
>  Visual and audiovisual speech recognition are witnessing a renaissance which is largely due to the advent of deep learning methods. In this paper, we present a deep learning architecture for lipreading and audiovisual word recognition, which combines Residual Networks equipped with spatiotemporal input layers and Bidirectional LSTMs. The lipreading architecture attains 11.92% misclassification rate on the challenging Lipreading-In-The-Wild database, which is composed of excerpts from BBC-TV, each containing one of the 500 target words. Audiovisual experiments are performed using both intermediate and late integration, as well as several types and levels of environmental noise, and notable improvements over the audio-only network are reported, even in the case of clean speech. A further analysis on the utility of target word boundaries is provided, as well as on the capacity of the network in modeling the linguistic context of the target word. Finally, we examine difficult word pairs and discuss how visual information helps towards attaining higher recognition accuracy. 
### 105.Ischemic Stroke Lesion Segmentation in CT Perfusion Scans using Pyramid Pooling and Focal Loss  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01085.pdf)
>  We present a fully convolutional neural network for segmenting ischemic stroke lesions in CT perfusion images for the ISLES 2018 challenge. Treatment of stroke is time sensitive and current standards for lesion identification require manual segmentation, a time consuming and challenging process. Automatic segmentation methods present the possibility of accurately identifying lesions and improving treatment planning. Our model is based on the PSPNet, a network architecture that makes use of pyramid pooling to provide global and local contextual information. To learn the varying shapes of the lesions, we train our network using focal loss, a loss function designed for the network to focus on learning the more difficult samples. We compare our model to networks trained using the U-Net and V-Net architectures. Our approach demonstrates effective performance in lesion segmentation and ranked among the top performers at the challenge conclusion. 
### 106.3D Pick &amp; Mix: Object Part Blending in Joint Shape and Image Manifolds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01068.pdf)
>  We present 3D Pick &amp; Mix, a new 3D shape retrieval system that provides users with a new level of freedom to explore 3D shape and Internet image collections by introducing the ability to reason about objects at the level of their constituent parts. While classic retrieval systems can only formulate simple searches such as &#34;find the 3D model that is most similar to the input image&#34; our new approach can formulate advanced and semantically meaningful search queries such as: &#34;find me the 3D model that best combines the design of the legs of the chair in image 1 but with no armrests, like the chair in image 2&#34;. Many applications could benefit from such rich queries, users could browse through catalogues of furniture and pick and mix parts, combining for example the legs of a chair from one shop and the armrests from another shop. 
### 107.What evidence does deep learning model use to classify Skin Lesions?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01051.pdf)
>  Melanoma is a type of skin cancer with the most rapidly increasing incidence. Early detection of melanoma using dermoscopy images significantly increases patients&#39; survival rate. However, accurately classifying skin lesions, especially in the early stage, is extremely challenging via dermatologists&#39; observation. Hence, the discovery of reliable biomarkers for melanoma diagnosis will be meaningful. Recent years, deep learning empowered computer-assisted diagnosis has been shown its value in medical imaging-based decision making. However, lots of research focus on improving disease detection accuracy but not exploring the evidence of pathology. In this paper, we propose a method to interpret the deep learning classification findings. Firstly, we propose an accurate neural network architecture to classify skin lesion. Secondly, we utilize a prediction difference analysis method that examining each patch on the image through patch wised corrupting for detecting the biomarkers. Lastly, we validate that our biomarker findings are corresponding to the patterns in the literature. The findings might be significant to guide clinical diagnosis. 
### 108.Scalable Deep $k$-Subspace Clustering  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01045.pdf)
>  Subspace clustering algorithms are notorious for their scalability issues because building and processing large affinity matrices are demanding. In this paper, we introduce a method that simultaneously learns an embedding space along subspaces within it to minimize a notion of reconstruction error, thus addressing the problem of subspace clustering in an end-to-end learning paradigm. To achieve our goal, we propose a scheme to update subspaces within a deep neural network. This in turn frees us from the need of having an affinity matrix to perform clustering. Unlike previous attempts, our method can easily scale up to large datasets, making it unique in the context of unsupervised learning with deep architectures. Our experiments show that our method significantly improves the clustering accuracy while enjoying cheaper memory footprints. 
### 109.A Unified Framework of DNN Weight Pruning and Weight Clustering/Quantization Using ADMM  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01907.pdf)
>  Many model compression techniques of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have been investigated, including weight pruning, weight clustering and quantization, etc. Weight pruning leverages the redundancy in the number of weights in DNNs, while weight clustering/quantization leverages the redundancy in the number of bit representations of weights. They can be effectively combined in order to exploit the maximum degree of redundancy. However, there lacks a systematic investigation in literature towards this direction. <br />In this paper, we fill this void and develop a unified, systematic framework of DNN weight pruning and clustering/quantization using Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers (ADMM), a powerful technique in optimization theory to deal with non-convex optimization problems. Both DNN weight pruning and clustering/quantization, as well as their combinations, can be solved in a unified manner. For further performance improvement in this framework, we adopt multiple techniques including iterative weight quantization and retraining, joint weight clustering training and centroid updating, weight clustering retraining, etc. The proposed framework achieves significant improvements both in individual weight pruning and clustering/quantization problems, as well as their combinations. For weight pruning alone, we achieve 167x weight reduction in LeNet-5, 24.7x in AlexNet, and 23.4x in VGGNet, without any accuracy loss. For the combination of DNN weight pruning and clustering/quantization, we achieve 1,910x and 210x storage reduction of weight data on LeNet-5 and AlexNet, respectively, without accuracy loss. Our codes and models are released at the link <a href="http://bit.ly/2D3F0np">this http URL</a> 
### 110.FUNN: Flexible Unsupervised Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01749.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have demonstrated high accuracy in image classification tasks. However, they were shown to be weak against adversarial examples: a small perturbation in the image which changes the classification output dramatically. In recent years, several defenses have been proposed to solve this issue in supervised classification tasks. We propose a method to obtain robust features in unsupervised learning tasks against adversarial attacks. Our method differs from existing solutions by directly learning the robust features without the need to project the adversarial examples in the original examples distribution space. A first auto-encoder A1 is in charge of perturbing the input image to fool another auto-encoder A2 which is in charge of regenerating the original image. A1 tries to find the less perturbed image under the constraint that the error in the output of A2 should be at least equal to a threshold. Thanks to this training, the encoder of A2 will be robust against adversarial attacks and could be used in different tasks like classification. Using state-of-art network architectures, we demonstrate the robustness of the features obtained thanks to this method in classification tasks. 
### 111.Deep Multiple Description Coding by Learning Scalar Quantization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01504.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a deep multiple description coding framework, whose quantizers are adaptively learned via the minimization of multiple description compressive loss. Firstly, our framework is built upon auto-encoder networks, which have multiple description multi-scale dilated encoder network and multiple description decoder networks. Secondly, two entropy estimation networks are learned to estimate the informative amounts of the quantized tensors, which can further supervise the learning of multiple description encoder network to represent the input image delicately. Thirdly, a pair of scalar quantizers accompanied by two importance-indicator maps is automatically learned in an end-to-end self-supervised way. Finally, multiple description structural dis-similarity distance loss is imposed on multiple description decoded images in pixel domain for diversified multiple description generations rather than on feature tensors in feature domain, in addition to multiple description reconstruction loss. Through testing on two commonly used datasets, it is verified that our method is beyond several state-of-the-art multiple description coding approaches in terms of coding efficiency. 
### 112.Efficient Inference on Deep Neural Networks by Dynamic Representations and Decision Gates  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01476.pdf)
>  The current trade-off between depth and computational cost makes it difficult to adopt deep neural networks for many industrial applications, especially when computing power is limited. Here, we are inspired by the idea that, while deeper embeddings are needed to discriminate difficult samples, a large number of samples can be well discriminated via much shallower embeddings. In this study, we introduce the concept of decision gates (d-gate), modules trained to decide whether a sample needs to be projected into a deeper embedding or if an early prediction can be made at the d-gate, thus enabling the computation of dynamic representations at different depths. The proposed d-gate modules can be integrated with any deep neural network and reduces the average computational cost of the deep neural networks while maintaining modeling accuracy. Experimental results show that leveraging the proposed d-gate modules led to a ~38% speed-up and ~39% FLOPS reduction on ResNet-101 and ~46% speed-up and ~36% FLOPS reduction on DenseNet-201 trained on the CIFAR10 dataset with only ~2\% drop in accuracy. 
### 113.ReXCam: Resource-Efficient, Cross-Camera Video Analytics at Enterprise Scale  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01268.pdf)
>  The deployment of large camera networks for video analytics is an established and accelerating trend. Many real video inference applications entail a common problem template: searching for an object or activity of interest (e.g. a person, a speeding vehicle) through a large camera network in live video. This capability, called cross-camera analytics, is compute and data intensive -- requiring automated search across cameras and across frames, at the throughput of the live video stream. To address the cost challenge of processing every raw video frame from a large deployment, we present ReXCam, a new system for efficient cross-camera video analytics. ReXCam exploits spatial and temporal locality in the dynamics of real camera networks to guide its inference-time search for a query identity. In an offline profiling phase, ReXCam builds a cross-camera correlation model that encodes the locality observed in historical traffic patterns. At inference time, ReXCam applies this model to filter frames that are not spatially and temporally correlated with the query identity&#39;s current position. In the cases of occasional missed detections, ReXCam performs a fast-replay search on recently filtered video frames, enabling gracefully recovery. Together, these techniques allow ReXCam to reduce compute workload by 4.6x and improve inference precision by 27% on a well-known video dataset with footage from eight cameras, while maintaining within 1-2% of baseline recall. 
### 114.The Open Images Dataset V4: Unified image classification, object detection, and visual relationship detection at scale  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.00982.pdf)
>  We present Open Images V4, a dataset of 9.2M images with unified annotations for image classification, object detection and visual relationship detection. The images have a Creative Commons Attribution license that allows to share and adapt the material, and they have been collected from Flickr without a predefined list of class names or tags, leading to natural class statistics and avoiding an initial design bias. Open Images V4 offers large scale across several dimensions: 30.1M image-level labels for 19.8k concepts, 15.4M bounding boxes for 600 object classes, and 375k visual relationship annotations involving 57 classes. For object detection in particular, we provide 15x more bounding boxes than the next largest datasets (15.4M boxes on 1.9M images). The images often show complex scenes with several objects (8 annotated objects per image on average). We annotated visual relationships between them, which support visual relationship detection, an emerging task that requires structured reasoning. We provide in-depth comprehensive statistics about the dataset, we validate the quality of the annotations, and we study how the performance of many modern models evolves with increasing amounts of training data. We hope that the scale, quality, and variety of Open Images V4 will foster further research and innovation even beyond the areas of image classification, object detection, and visual relationship detection. 
### 115.Classification of Findings with Localized Lesions in Fundoscopic Images using a Regionally Guided CNN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.00871.pdf)
>  Fundoscopic images are often investigated by ophthalmologists to spot abnormal lesions to make diagnoses. Recent successes of convolutional neural networks are confined to diagnoses of few diseases without proper localization of lesion. In this paper, we propose an efficient annotation method for localizing lesions and a CNN architecture that can classify an individual finding and localize the lesions at the same time. Also, we introduce a new loss function to guide the network to learn meaningful patterns with the guidance of the regional annotations. In experiments, we demonstrate that our network performed better than the widely used network and the guidance loss helps achieve higher AUROC up to 4.1% and superior localization capability. 
### 116.Heterogeneity Aware Deep Embedding for Mobile Periocular Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.00846.pdf)
>  Mobile biometric approaches provide the convenience of secure authentication with an omnipresent technology. However, this brings an additional challenge of recognizing biometric patterns in unconstrained environment including variations in mobile camera sensors, illumination conditions, and capture distance. To address the heterogeneous challenge, this research presents a novel heterogeneity aware loss function within a deep learning framework. The effectiveness of the proposed loss function is evaluated for periocular biometrics using the CSIP, IMP and VISOB mobile periocular databases. The results show that the proposed algorithm yields state-of-the-art results in a heterogeneous environment and improves generalizability for cross-database experiments. 
### 117.Dealing with Ambiguity in Robotic Grasping via Multiple Predictions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.00793.pdf)
>  Humans excel in grasping and manipulating objects because of their life-long experience and knowledge about the 3D shape and weight distribution of objects. However, the lack of such intuition in robots makes robotic grasping an exceptionally challenging task. There are often several equally viable options of grasping an object. However, this ambiguity is not modeled in conventional systems that estimate a single, optimal grasp position. We propose to tackle this problem by simultaneously estimating multiple grasp poses from a single RGB image of the target object. Further, we reformulate the problem of robotic grasping by replacing conventional grasp rectangles with grasp belief maps, which hold more precise location information than a rectangle and account for the uncertainty inherent to the task. We augment a fully convolutional neural network with a multiple hypothesis prediction model that predicts a set of grasp hypotheses in under 60ms, which is critical for real-time robotic applications. The grasp detection accuracy reaches over 90% for unseen objects, outperforming the current state of the art on this task. 
### 118.Show, Attend and Read: A Simple and Strong Baseline for Irregular Text Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.00751.pdf)
>  Recognizing irregular text in natural scene images is challenging due to the large variance in text appearance, such as curvature, orientation and distortion. Most existing approaches rely heavily on sophisticated model designs and/or extra fine-grained annotations, which, to some extent, increase the difficulty in algorithm implementation and data collection. In this work, we propose an easy-to-implement strong baseline for irregular scene text recognition, using off-the-shelf neural network components and only word-level annotations. It is composed of a $31$-layer ResNet, an LSTM-based encoder-decoder framework and a 2-dimensional attention module. Despite its simplicity, the proposed method is robust and achieves state-of-the-art performance on both regular and irregular scene text recognition benchmarks. The code will be released. 
### 119.Unique Identification of Macaques for Population Monitoring and Control  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.00743.pdf)
>  Despite loss of natural habitat due to development and urbanization, certain species like the Rhesus macaque have adapted well to the urban environment. With abundant food and no predators, macaque populations have increased substantially in urban areas, leading to frequent conflicts with humans. Overpopulated areas often witness macaques raiding crops, feeding on bird and snake eggs as well as destruction of nests, thus adversely affecting other species in the ecosystem. In order to mitigate these adverse effects, sterilization has emerged as a humane and effective way of population control of macaques. As sterilization requires physical capture of individuals or groups, their unique identification is integral to such control measures. In this work, we propose the Macaque Face Identification (MFID), an image based, non-invasive tool that relies on macaque facial recognition to identify individuals, and can be used to verify if they are sterilized. Our primary contribution is a robust facial recognition and verification module designed for Rhesus macaques, but extensible to other non-human primate species. We evaluate the performance of MFID on a dataset of 93 monkeys under closed set, open set and verification evaluation protocols. Finally, we also report state of the art results when evaluating our proposed model on endangered primate species. 
### 120.Learning from Large-scale Noisy Web Data with Ubiquitous Reweighting for Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.00700.pdf)
>  Many advances of deep learning techniques originate from the efforts of addressing the image classification task on large-scale datasets. However, the construction of such clean datasets is costly and time-consuming since the Internet is overwhelmed by noisy images with inadequate and inaccurate tags. In this paper, we propose a Ubiquitous Reweighting Network (URNet) that learns an image classification model from large-scale noisy data. By observing the web data, we find that there are five key challenges, \ie, imbalanced class sizes, high intra-classes diversity and inter-class similarity, imprecise instances, insufficient representative instances, and ambiguous class labels. To alleviate these challenges, we assume that every training instance has the potential to contribute positively by alleviating the data bias and noise via reweighting the influence of each instance according to different class sizes, large instance clusters, its confidence, small instance bags and the labels. In this manner, the influence of bias and noise in the web data can be gradually alleviated, leading to the steadily improving performance of URNet. Experimental results in the WebVision 2018 challenge with 16 million noisy training images from 5000 classes show that our approach outperforms state-of-the-art models and ranks the first place in the image classification task. 
### 121.SDCNet: Video Prediction Using Spatially-Displaced Convolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.00684.pdf)
>  We present an approach for high-resolution video frame prediction by conditioning on both past frames and past optical flows. Previous approaches rely on resampling past frames, guided by a learned future optical flow, or on direct generation of pixels. Resampling based on flow is insufficient because it cannot deal with disocclusions. Generative models currently lead to blurry results. Recent approaches synthesis a pixel by convolving input patches with a predicted kernel. However, their memory requirement increases with kernel size. Here, we spatially-displaced convolution (SDC) module for video frame prediction. We learn a motion vector and a kernel for each pixel and synthesize a pixel by applying the kernel at a displaced location in the source image, defined by the predicted motion vector. Our approach inherits the merits of both vector-based and kernel-based approaches, while ameliorating their respective disadvantages. We train our model on 428K unlabelled 1080p video game frames. Our approach produces state-of-the-art results, achieving an SSIM score of 0.904 on high-definition YouTube-8M videos, 0.918 on Caltech Pedestrian videos. Our model handles large motion effectively and synthesizes crisp frames with consistent motion. 
### 122.Introduction to the 1st Place Winning Model of OpenImages Relationship Detection Challenge  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.00662.pdf)
>  This article describes the model we built that achieved 1st place in the OpenImage Visual Relationship Detection Challenge on Kaggle. Three key factors contribute the most to our success: 1) language bias is a powerful baseline for this task. We build the empirical distribution $P(predicate|subject,object)$ in the training set and directly use that in testing. This baseline achieved the 2nd place when submitted; 2) spatial features are as important as visual features, especially for spatial relationships such as &#34;under&#34; and &#34;inside of&#34;; 3) It is a very effective way to fuse different features by first building separate modules for each of them, then adding their output logits before the final softmax layer. We show in ablation study that each factor can improve the performance to a non-trivial extent, and the model reaches optimal when all of them are combined. 
### 123.Exposing Deep Fakes Using Inconsistent Head Poses  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.00661.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a new method to expose AI-generated fake face images or videos (commonly known as the Deep Fakes). Our method is based on the observations that Deep Fakes are created by splicing synthesized face region into the original image, and in doing so, introducing errors that can be revealed when 3D head poses are estimated from the face images. We perform experiments to demonstrate this phenomenon and further develop a classification method based on this cue. Using features based on this cue, an SVM classifier is evaluated using a set of real face images and Deep Fakes. 
### 124.Exposing DeepFake Videos By Detecting Face Warping Artifacts  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.00656.pdf)
>  In this work, we describe a new deep learning based method that can effectively distinguish AI-generated fake videos (referred to as DeepFake videos hereafter) from real videos. Our method is based on the observations that current DeepFake algorithm can only generate images of limited resolutions, which need to be further warped to match the original faces in the source video. Such transforms leave distinctive artifacts in the resulting DeepFake videos, and we show that they can be effectively captured by convolutional neural networks. Our method is evaluated on a set of DeepFake videos for its effectiveness in practice. 
### 125.Prediction Error Meta Classification in Semantic Segmentation: Detection via Aggregated Dispersion Measures of Softmax Probabilities  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.00648.pdf)
>  We present a method that &#34;meta&#34; classifies whether segments (objects) predicted by a semantic segmentation neural network intersect with the ground truth. To this end, we employ measures of dispersion for predicted pixel-wise class probability distributions, like classification entropy, that yield heat maps of the input scene&#39;s size. We aggregate these dispersion measures segment-wise and derive metrics that are well-correlated with the segment-wise $\mathit{IoU}$ of prediction and ground truth. In our tests, we use two publicly available DeepLabv3+ networks (pre-trained on the Cityscapes data set) and analyze the predictive power of different metrics and different sets of metrics. To this end, we compute logistic LASSO regression fits for the task of classifying $\mathit{IoU}=0$ vs. $\mathit{IoU} &gt; 0$ per segment and obtain classification rates of up to $81.91\%$ and AUROC values of up to $87.71\%$ without the incorporation of advanced techniques like Monte-Carlo dropout. We complement these tests with linear regression fits to predict the segment-wise $\mathit{IoU}$ and obtain prediction standard deviations of down to $0.130$ as well as $R^2$ values of up to $81.48\%$. We show that these results clearly outperform single-metric baseline approaches. 
### 126.Capsule Networks for Brain Tumor Classification based on MRI Images and Course Tumor Boundaries  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.00597.pdf)
>  According to official statistics, cancer is considered as the second leading cause of human fatalities. Among different types of cancer, brain tumor is seen as one of the deadliest forms due to its aggressive nature, heterogeneous characteristics, and low relative survival rate. Determining the type of brain tumor has significant impact on the treatment choice and patient&#39;s survival. Human-centered diagnosis is typically error-prone and unreliable resulting in a recent surge of interest to automatize this process using convolutional neural networks (CNNs). CNNs, however, fail to fully utilize spatial relations, which is particularly harmful for tumor classification, as the relation between the tumor and its surrounding tissue is a critical indicator of the tumor&#39;s type. In our recent work, we have incorporated newly developed CapsNets to overcome this shortcoming. CapsNets are, however, highly sensitive to the miscellaneous image background. The paper addresses this gap. The main contribution is to equip CapsNet with access to the tumor surrounding tissues, without distracting it from the main target. A modified CapsNet architecture is, therefore, proposed for brain tumor classification, which takes the tumor coarse boundaries as extra inputs within its pipeline to increase the CapsNet&#39;s focus. The proposed approach noticeably outperforms its counterparts. 
### 127.Invertible Residual Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.00995.pdf)
>  Reversible deep networks provide useful theoretical guarantees and have proven to be a powerful class of functions in many applications. Usually, they rely on analytical inverses using dimension splitting, fundamentally constraining their structure compared to common architectures. Based on recent links between ordinary differential equations and deep networks, we provide a sufficient condition when standard ResNets are invertible. This condition allows unconstrained architectures for residual blocks, while only requiring an adaption to their regularization scheme. We numerically compute their inverse, which has O(1) memory cost and computational cost of 5-20 forward passes. Finally, we show that invertible ResNets perform on par with standard ResNets on classifying MNIST and CIFAR10 images. 
