# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 1 Nov 2018
### 1.Unsupervised Identification of Disease Marker Candidates in Retinal OCT Imaging Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.13404.pdf)
>  The identification and quantification of markers in medical images is critical for diagnosis, prognosis, and disease management. Supervised machine learning enables the detection and exploitation of findings that are known a priori after annotation of training examples by experts. However, supervision does not scale well, due to the amount of necessary training examples, and the limitation of the marker vocabulary to known entities. In this proof-of-concept study, we propose unsupervised identification of anomalies as candidates for markers in retinal Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) imaging data without a constraint to a priori definitions. We identify and categorize marker candidates occurring frequently in the data, and demonstrate that these markers show predictive value in the task of detecting disease. A careful qualitative analysis of the identified data driven markers reveals how their quantifiable occurrence aligns with our current understanding of disease course, in early- and late age-related macular degeneration (AMD) patients. A multi-scale deep denoising autoencoder is trained on healthy images, and a one-class support vector machine identifies anomalies in new data. Clustering in the anomalies identifies stable categories. Using these markers to classify healthy-, early AMD- and late AMD cases yields an accuracy of 81.40%. In a second binary classification experiment on a publicly available data set (healthy vs. intermediate AMD) the model achieves an area under the ROC curve of 0.944. 
### 2.Performance assessment of the deep learning technologies in grading glaucoma severity  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.13376.pdf)
>  Objective: To validate and compare the performance of eight available deep learning architectures in grading the severity of glaucoma based on color fundus images. Materials and Methods: We retrospectively collected a dataset of 5978 fundus images and their glaucoma severities were annotated by the consensus of two experienced ophthalmologists. We preprocessed the images to generate global and local regions of interest (ROIs), namely the global field-of-view images and the local disc region images. We then divided the generated images into three independent sub-groups for training, validation, and testing purposes. With the datasets, eight convolutional neural networks (CNNs) (i.e., VGG16, VGG19, ResNet, DenseNet, InceptionV3, InceptionResNet, Xception, and NASNetMobile) were trained separately to grade glaucoma severity, and validated quantitatively using the area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve and the quadratic kappa score. Results: The CNNs, except VGG16 and VGG19, achieved average kappa scores of 80.36% and 78.22% when trained from scratch on global and local ROIs, and 85.29% and 82.72% when fine-tuned using the pre-trained weights, respectively. VGG16 and VGG19 achieved reasonable accuracy when trained from scratch, but they failed when using pre-trained weights for global and local ROIs. Among these CNNs, the DenseNet had the highest classification accuracy (i.e., 75.50%) based on pre-trained weights when using global ROIs, as compared to 65.50% when using local ROIs. Conclusion: The experiments demonstrated the feasibility of the deep learning technology in grading glaucoma severity. In particular, global field-of-view images contain relatively richer information that may be critical for glaucoma assessment, suggesting that we should use the entire field-of-view of a fundus image for training a deep learning network. 
### 3.SUNet: a deep learning architecture for acute stroke lesion segmentation and outcome prediction in multimodal MRI  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.13304.pdf)
>  Acute stroke lesion segmentation and prediction tasks are of great clinical interest as they can help doctors make better informed time-critical treatment decisions. Automatic segmentation of these lesions is a complex task due to their heterogeneous appearance, dynamic evolution and inter-patient differences. Typically, acute stroke lesion tasks are approached with methods developed for chronic stroke or other brain lesions. However, the pathophysiology and anatomy of acute stroke establishes an inherently different problem that needs special consideration. In this work, we propose a novel deep learning architecture specially designed for acute stroke tasks that involve approximating complex non-linear functions with reduced data. Within our strategy, class imbalance is tackled using a hybrid strategy based on state-of-the-art train sampling strategies designed for other brain lesion related tasks, which is more suited to the anatomy and pathophysiology of acute stroke lesions. The proposed method is evaluated on three unrelated public international challenge datasets (ISLES) without any dataset specific hyper-parameter tuning. These involve the tasks of sub-acute stroke lesion segmentation, acute stroke penumbra estimation and chronic extent prediction from acute MR images. The performance of the proposed architecture is analysed both against similar deep learning architectures from chronic stroke and related biomedical tasks and also by submitting the segmented test images for blind online evaluation on each of the challenges. When compared with the rest of submitted strategies, our method achieves top-rank performance among the best submitted entries in all the three challenges, showing its capability to deal with different unrelated tasks without hyper-parameter tuning. In order to promote the reproducibility of our results, a public version of the proposed method has been released. 
### 4.Consistency-based anomaly detection with adaptive multiple-hypotheses predictions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.13292.pdf)
>  In out-of-distribution classification tasks, only some classes - the normal cases - can be modeled with data, whereas the variation of all possible anomalies is too large to be described sufficiently by samples. Thus, the wide-spread discriminative approaches cannot cover such learning tasks and rather generative models, which attempt to learn the input density of the ordinary cases, are used. However, generative models suffer under a large input dimensionality (as in images) and are typically inefficient learners. Motivated by the Local-Outlier-Factor (LOF) method, in this work, we propose to allow the network to directly estimate the local density functions since, for the detection of outliers, the local neighborhood is more important than the global one. At the same time, we retain consistency in the sense that the model must not support areas of the input space that are not covered by samples. Our method allows the model to identify out-of-distribution samples reliably. For the anomaly detection task on CIFAR-10, our ConAD model results in up to 5% points improvement over previously reported results. 
### 5.Ionospheric activity prediction using convolutional recurrent neural networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.13273.pdf)
>  The ionosphere electromagnetic activity is a major factor of the quality of satellite telecommunications, Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS) and other vital space applications. Being able to forecast globally the Total Electron Content (TEC) would enable a better anticipation of potential performance degradations. A few studies have proposed models able to predict the TEC locally, but not worldwide for most of them. Thanks to a large record of past TEC maps publicly available, we propose a method based on Deep Neural Networks (DNN) to forecast a sequence of global TEC maps consecutive to an input sequence of TEC maps, without introducing any prior knowledge \corrA{other than Earth rotation periodicity}. By combining several state-of-the-art architectures, the proposed approach is competitive with previous works on TEC forecasting while predicting the TEC globally. 
### 6.Methods for Segmentation and Classification of Digital Microscopy Tissue Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.13230.pdf)
>  High-resolution microscopy images of tissue specimens provide detailed information about the morphology of normal and diseased tissue. Image analysis of tissue morphology can help cancer researchers develop a better understanding of cancer biology. Segmentation of nuclei and classification of tissue images are two common tasks in tissue image analysis. Development of accurate and efficient algorithms for these tasks is a challenging problem because of the complexity of tissue morphology and tumor heterogeneity. In this paper we present two computer algorithms; one designed for segmentation of nuclei and the other for classification of whole slide tissue images. The segmentation algorithm implements a multiscale deep residual aggregation network to accurately segment nuclear material and then separate clumped nuclei into individual nuclei. The classification algorithm initially carries out patch-level classification via a deep learning method, then patch-level statistical and morphological features are used as input to a random forest regression model for whole slide image classification. The segmentation and classification algorithms were evaluated in the MICCAI 2017 Digital Pathology challenge. The segmentation algorithm achieved an accuracy score of 0.78. The classification algorithm achieved an accuracy score of 0.81. 
### 7.Multi-Task Learning for Left Atrial Segmentation on GE-MRI  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.13205.pdf)
>  Segmentation of the left atrium (LA) is crucial for assessing its anatomy in both pre-operative atrial fibrillation (AF) ablation planning and post-operative follow-up studies. In this paper, we present a fully automated framework for left atrial segmentation in gadolinium-enhanced magnetic resonance images (GE-MRI) based on deep learning. We propose a fully convolutional neural network and explore the benefits of multi-task learning for performing both atrial segmentation and pre/post ablation classification. Our results show that, by sharing features between related tasks, the network can gain additional anatomical information and achieve more accurate atrial segmentation, leading to a mean Dice score of 0.901 on a test set of 20 3D MRI images. Code of our proposed algorithm is available at <a href="https://github.com/cherise215/atria_segmentation_2018/">this https URL</a>. 
### 8.Compressive Single-pixel Fourier Transform Imaging using Structured Illumination  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.13200.pdf)
>  Single Pixel (SP) imaging is now a reality in many applications, e.g., biomedical ultrathin endoscope and fluorescent spectroscopy. In this context, many schemes exist to improve the light throughput of these device, e.g., using structured illumination driven by compressive sensing theory. In this work, we consider the combination of SP imaging with Fourier Transform Interferometry (SP-FTI) to reach high-resolution HyperSpectral (HS) imaging, as desirable, e.g., in fluorescent spectroscopy. While this association is not new, we here focus on optimizing the spatial illumination, structured as Hadamard patterns, during the optical path progression. We follow a variable density sampling strategy for space-time coding of the light illumination, and show theoretically and numerically that this scheme allows us to reduce the number of measurements and light-exposure of the observed object compared to conventional compressive SP-FTI. 
### 9.Face Presentation Attack Detection in Learned Color-liked Space  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.13170.pdf)
>  Face presentation attack detection (PAD) has become a thorny problem for biometric systems and numerous countermeasures have been proposed to address it. However, majority of them directly extract feature descriptors and distinguish fake faces from the real ones in existing color spaces (e.g. RGB, HSV and YCbCr). Unfortunately, it is unknown for us which color space is the best or how to combine different spaces together. To make matters worse, the real and fake faces are overlapped in existing color spaces. So, in this paper, a learned distinguishable color-liked space is generated to deal with the problem of face PAD. More specifically, we present an end-to-end deep learning network that can map existing color spaces to a new learned color-liked space. Inspired by the generator of generative adversarial network (GAN), the proposed network consists of a space generator and a feature extractor. When training the color-liked space, a new triplet combination mechanism of points-to-center is explored to maximize interclass distance and minimize intraclass distance, and also keep a safe margin between the real and presented fake faces. Extensive experiments on two standard face PAD databases, i.e., Relay-Attack and OULU-NPU, indicate that our proposed color-liked space analysis based countermeasure significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods and show excellent generalization capability. 
### 10.Inception-Residual Block based Neural Network for Thermal Image Denoising  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.13169.pdf)
>  Thermal cameras shows noisy images due to their limited thermal resolution, especially for scenes of low temperature difference. In this paper, to deal with noise problem, we propose a novel neural network architecture with repeatable denoising inception residual blocks(DnIRB) for noise learning. Each DnIRB has two sub-blocks with difference receptive fields and one shortcut connection for preventing vanishing gradient problem. The proposed approach is tested for thermal images. The experimental results show that the proposed approach show the best SQNR performance and reasonable processing time compared with state-of-the-art denoising methods. 
### 11.The Effect of Learning Strategy versus Inherent Architecture Properties on the Ability of Convolutional Neural Networks to Develop Transformation Invariance  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.13128.pdf)
>  As object recognition becomes an increasingly common ML task, and recent research demonstrating CNNs vulnerability to attacks and small image perturbations necessitate fully understanding the foundations of object recognition. We focus on understanding the mechanisms behind how neural networks generalize to spatial transformations of complex objects. While humans excel at discriminating between objects shown at new positions, orientations, and scales, past results demonstrate that this may be limited to familiar objects - humans demonstrate low tolerance of spatial-variances for purposefully constructed novel objects. Because training artificial neural networks from scratch is similar to showing novel objects to humans, we seek to understand the factors influencing the tolerance of CNNs to spatial transformations. We conduct a thorough empirical examination of seven Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architectures. By training on a controlled face image dataset, we measure model accuracy across different degrees of 5 transformations: position, size, rotation, Gaussian blur, and resolution transformation due to resampling. We also examine how learning strategy affects generalizability by examining how different amounts of pre-training have on model robustness. Overall, we find that the most significant contributor to transformation invariance is pre-training on a large, diverse image dataset. Moreover, while AlexNet tends to be the least robust network, VGG and ResNet architectures demonstrate higher robustness for different transformations. Along with kernel visualizations and qualitative analyses, we examine differences between learning strategy and inherent architectural properties in contributing to invariance of transformations, providing valuable information towards understanding how to achieve greater robustness to transformations in CNNs. 
### 12.Compact Generalized Non-local Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.13125.pdf)
>  The non-local module is designed for capturing long-range spatio-temporal dependencies in images and videos. Although having shown excellent performance, it lacks the mechanism to model the interactions between positions across channels, which are of vital importance in recognizing fine-grained objects and actions. To address this limitation, we generalize the non-local module and take the correlations between the positions of any two channels into account. This extension utilizes the compact representation for multiple kernel functions with Taylor expansion that makes the generalized non-local module in a fast and low-complexity computation flow. Moreover, we implement our generalized non-local method within channel groups to ease the optimization. Experimental results illustrate the clear-cut improvements and practical applicability of the generalized non-local module on both fine-grained object recognition and video classification. Code is available at: \url{<a href="https://github.com/KaiyuYue/cgnl-network.pytorch">this https URL</a>}. 
### 13.User Constrained Thumbnail Generation using Adaptive Convolutions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.13054.pdf)
>  Thumbnails are widely used all over the world as a preview for digital images. In this work we propose a deep neural framework to generate thumbnails of any size and aspect ratio, even for unseen values during training, with high accuracy and precision. We use Global Context Aggregation (GCA) and a modified Region Proposal Network (RPN) with adaptive convolutions to generate thumbnails in real time. GCA is used to selectively attend and aggregate the global context information from the entire image while the RPN is used to predict candidate bounding boxes for the thumbnail image. Adaptive convolution eliminates the problem of generating thumbnails of various aspect ratios by using filter weights dynamically generated from the aspect ratio information. The experimental results indicate the superior performance of the proposed model over existing state-of-the-art techniques. 
### 14.Cooperative Holistic Scene Understanding: Unifying 3D Object, Layout, and Camera Pose Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.13049.pdf)
>  Holistic 3D indoor scene understanding refers to jointly recovering the i) object bounding boxes, ii) room layout, and iii) camera pose, all in 3D. The existing methods either are ineffective or only tackle the problem partially. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end model that simultaneously solves all three tasks in real-time given only a single RGB image. The essence of the proposed method is to improve the prediction by i) parametrizing the targets (\eg, 3D boxes) instead of directly estimating the targets, and ii) cooperative training across different modules in contrast to training these modules individually. Specifically, we parametrize the 3D object bounding boxes by the predictions from several modules, \ie, 3D camera pose and object attributes. The proposed method provides two major advantages: i) The parametrization helps maintain the consistency between the 2D image and the 3D world, thus largely reducing the prediction variances in 3D coordinates. ii) Constraints can be imposed on the parametrization to train different modules simultaneously. We call these constraints &#34;cooperative losses&#34; as they enable the joint training and inference. We employ three cooperative losses for 3D bounding boxes, 2D projections, and physical constraints to estimate a geometrically consistent and physically plausible 3D scene. Experiments on the SUN RGB-D dataset shows that the proposed method significantly outperforms prior approaches on 3D object detection, 3D layout estimation, 3D camera pose estimation, and holistic scene understanding. 
### 15.SDFN: Segmentation-based Deep Fusion Network for Thoracic Disease Classification in Chest X-ray Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12959.pdf)
>  This study aims to automatically diagnose thoracic diseases depicted on the chest x-ray (CXR) images using deep convolutional neural networks. The existing methods generally used the entire CXR images for training purposes, but this strategy may suffer from two drawbacks. First, potential misalignment or the existence of irrelevant objects in the entire CXR images may cause unnecessary noise and thus limit the network performance. Second, the relatively low image resolution caused by the resizing operation, which is a common preprocessing procedure for training neural networks, may lead to the loss of image details, making it difficult to detect pathologies with small lesion regions. To address these issues, we present a novel method termed as segmentation-based deep fusion network (SDFN), which leverages the higher-resolution information of local lung regions. Specifically, the local lung regions were identified and cropped by the Lung Region Generator (LRG). Two CNN-based classification models were then used as feature extractors to obtain the discriminative features of the entire CXR images and the cropped lung region images. Lastly, the obtained features were fused by the feature fusion module for disease classification. Evaluated by the NIH benchmark split on the Chest X-ray 14 Dataset, our experimental result demonstrated that the developed method achieved more accurate disease classification compared with the available approaches via the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analyses. It was also found that the SDFN could localize the lesion regions more precisely as compared to the traditional method. 
### 16.Multimodal matching using a Hybrid Convolutional Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12941.pdf)
>  In this work we propose a novel Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architecture for the matching of pairs of image patches acquired by different sensors. Our approach utilizes two CNN sub-networks, where the first is a Siamese CNN and the second is a subnetwork consisting of dual non-weight-sharing CNNs. This allows simultaneous joint and disjoint processing of the input pair of multimodal image patches. The convergence of the training and the test accuracy is improved by introducing auxiliary losses, and a corresponding hard negative mining scheme. The proposed approach is experimentally shown to compare favorably with contemporary state-of-the-art schemes when applied to multiple datasets of multimodal images. The code implementing the proposed scheme was made publicly available. 
### 17.Analyzing biological and artificial neural networks: challenges with opportunities for synergy?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.13373.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) transform stimuli across multiple processing stages to produce representations that can be used to solve complex tasks, such as object recognition in images. However, a full understanding of how they achieve this remains elusive. The complexity of biological neural networks substantially exceeds the complexity of DNNs, making it even more challenging to understand the representations that they learn. Thus, both machine learning and computational neuroscience are faced with a shared challenge: how can we analyze their representations in order to understand how they solve complex tasks? <br />We review how data-analysis concepts and techniques developed by computational neuroscientists can be useful for analyzing representations in DNNs, and in turn, how recently developed techniques for analysis of DNNs can be useful for understanding representations in biological neural networks. We explore opportunities for synergy between the two fields, such as the use of DNNs as in-silico model systems for neuroscience, and how this synergy can lead to new hypotheses about the operating principles of biological neural networks. 
### 18.The Many Moods of Emotion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.13197.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel approach to the facial expression generation problem. Building upon the assumption of the psychological community that emotion is intrinsically continuous, we first design our own continuous emotion representation with a 3-dimensional latent space issued from a neural network trained on discrete emotion classification. The so-obtained representation can be used to annotate large in the wild datasets and later used to trained a Generative Adversarial Network. We first show that our model is able to map back to discrete emotion classes with a objectively and subjectively better quality of the images than usual discrete approaches. But also that we are able to pave the larger space of possible facial expressions, generating the many moods of emotion. Moreover, two axis in this space may be found to generate similar expression changes as in traditional continuous representations such as arousal-valence. Finally we show from visual interpretation, that the third remaining dimension is highly related to the well-known dominance dimension from psychology. 
### 19.Don&#39;t forget, there is more than forgetting: new metrics for Continual Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.13166.pdf)
>  Continual learning consists of algorithms that learn from a stream of data/tasks continuously and adaptively thought time, enabling the incremental development of ever more complex knowledge and skills. The lack of consensus in evaluating continual learning algorithms and the almost exclusive focus on forgetting motivate us to propose a more comprehensive set of implementation independent metrics accounting for several factors we believe have practical implications worth considering in the deployment of real AI systems that learn continually: accuracy or performance over time, backward and forward knowledge transfer, memory overhead as well as computational efficiency. Drawing inspiration from the standard Multi-Attribute Value Theory (MAVT) we further propose to fuse these metrics into a single score for ranking purposes and we evaluate our proposal with five continual learning strategies on the iCIFAR-100 continual learning benchmark. 
### 20.Query Adaptive Late Fusion for Image Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.13103.pdf)
>  Feature fusion is a commonly used strategy in image retrieval tasks, which aggregates the matching responses of multiple visual features. Feasible sets of features can be either descriptors (SIFT, HSV) for an entire image or the same descriptor for different local parts (face, body). Ideally, the to-be-fused heterogeneous features are pre-assumed to be discriminative and complementary to each other. However, the effectiveness of different features varies dramatically according to different queries. That is to say, for some queries, a feature may be neither discriminative nor complementary to existing ones, while for other queries, the feature suffices. As a result, it is important to estimate the effectiveness of features in a query-adaptive manner. To this end, this article proposes a new late fusion scheme at the score level. We base our method on the observation that the sorted score curves contain patterns that describe their effectiveness. For example, an &#34;L&#34;-shaped curve indicates that the feature is discriminative while a gradually descending curve suggests a bad feature. As such, this paper introduces a query-adaptive late fusion pipeline. In the hand-crafted version, it can be an unsupervised approach to tasks like particular object retrieval. In the learning version, it can also be applied to supervised tasks like person recognition and pedestrian retrieval, based on a trainable neural module. Extensive experiments are conducted on two object retrieval datasets and one person recognition dataset. We show that our method is able to highlight the good features and suppress the bad ones, is resilient to distractor features, and achieves very competitive retrieval accuracy compared with the state of the art. In an additional person re-identification dataset, the application scope and limitation of the proposed method are studied. 
### 21.Visual Attention Network for Low Dose CT  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.13059.pdf)
>  Noise and artifacts are intrinsic to low dose CT (LDCT) data acquisition, and will significantly affect the imaging performance. Perfect noise removal and image restoration is intractable in the context of LDCT due to the statistical and technical uncertainties. In this paper, we apply the generative adversarial network (GAN) framework with a visual attention mechanism to deal with this problem in a data-driven/machine learning fashion. Our main idea is to inject visual attention knowledge into the learning process of GAN to provide a powerful prior of the noise distribution. By doing this, both the generator and discriminator networks are empowered with visual attention information so they will not only pay special attention to noisy regions and surrounding structures but also explicitly assess the local consistency of the recovered regions. Our experiments qualitatively and quantitatively demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method with clinic CT images. 
### 22.Scalable Laplacian K-modes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.13044.pdf)
>  We advocate Laplacian K-modes for joint clustering and density mode finding, and propose a concave-convex relaxation of the problem, which yields a parallel algorithm that scales up to large datasets and high dimensions. We optimize a tight bound (auxiliary function) of our relaxation, which, at each iteration, amounts to computing an independent update for each cluster-assignment variable, with guaranteed convergence. Therefore, our bound optimizer can be trivially distributed for large-scale data sets. Furthermore, we show that the density modes can be obtained as byproducts of the assignment variables via simple maximum-value operations whose additional computational cost is linear in the number of data points. Our formulation does not need storing a full affinity matrix and computing its eigenvalue decomposition, neither does it perform expensive projection steps and Lagrangian-dual inner iterates for the simplex constraints of each point. Furthermore, unlike mean-shift, our density-mode estimation does not require inner-loop gradient-ascent iterates. It has a complexity independent of feature-space dimension, yields modes that are valid data points in the input set and is applicable to discrete domains as well as arbitrary kernels. We report comprehensive experiments over various data sets, which show that our algorithm yields very competitive performances in term of optimization quality (i.e., the value of the discrete-variable objective at convergence) and clustering accuracy. 
### 23.R$^3$SGM: Real-time Raster-Respecting Semi-Global Matching for Power-Constrained Systems  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12988.pdf)
>  Stereo depth estimation is used for many computer vision applications. Though many popular methods strive solely for depth quality, for real-time mobile applications (e.g. prosthetic glasses or micro-UAVs), speed and power efficiency are equally, if not more, important. Many real-world systems rely on Semi-Global Matching (SGM) to achieve a good accuracy vs. speed balance, but power efficiency is hard to achieve with conventional hardware, making the use of embedded devices such as FPGAs attractive for low-power applications. However, the full SGM algorithm is ill-suited to deployment on FPGAs, and so most FPGA variants of it are partial, at the expense of accuracy. In a non-FPGA context, the accuracy of SGM has been improved by More Global Matching (MGM), which also helps tackle the streaking artifacts that afflict SGM. In this paper, we propose a novel, resource-efficient method that is inspired by MGM&#39;s techniques for improving depth quality, but which can be implemented to run in real time on a low-power FPGA. Through evaluation on multiple datasets (KITTI and Middlebury), we show that in comparison to other real-time capable stereo approaches, we can achieve a state-of-the-art balance between accuracy, power efficiency and speed, making our approach highly desirable for use in real-time systems with limited power. 
