# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 6 Nov 2018
### 1.Confidence Propagation through CNNs for Guided Sparse Depth Regression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01791.pdf)
>  Generally, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) process data on a regular grid, e.g. data generated by ordinary cameras. Designing CNNs for sparse and irregularly spaced input data is still an open research problem with numerous applications in autonomous driving, robotics, and surveillance. In this paper, we propose an algebraically-constrained normalized convolution layer for CNNs with highly sparse input that has a smaller number of network parameters compared to related work. We propose novel strategies for determining the confidence from the convolution operation and propagating it to consecutive layers. We also propose an objective function that simultaneously minimizes the data error while maximizing the output confidence. To integrate structural information, we also investigate fusion strategies to combine depth and RGB information in our normalized convolution network framework. In addition, we introduce the use of output confidence as an auxiliary information to improve the results. The capabilities of our normalized convolution network framework are demonstrated for the problem of scene depth completion. Comprehensive experiments are performed on the KITTI-Depth benchmark and the results clearly demonstrate that the proposed approach achieves superior performance while requiring only about 5% of the number of parameters compared to the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 2.Real-time Driver Drowsiness Detection for Android Application Using Deep Neural Networks Techniques  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01627.pdf)
>  Road crashes and related forms of accidents are a common cause of injury and death among the human population. According to 2015 data from the World Health Organization, road traffic injuries resulted in approximately 1.25 million deaths worldwide, i.e. approximately every 25 seconds an individual will experience a fatal crash. While the cost of traffic accidents in Europe is estimated at around 160 billion Euros, driver drowsiness accounts for approximately 100,000 accidents per year in the United States alone as reported by The American National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA). In this paper, a novel approach towards real-time drowsiness detection is proposed. This approach is based on a deep learning method that can be implemented on Android applications with high accuracy. The main contribution of this work is the compression of heavy baseline model to a lightweight model. Moreover, minimal network structure is designed based on facial landmark key point detection to recognize whether the driver is drowsy. The proposed model is able to achieve an accuracy of more than 80%. Keywords: Driver Monitoring System; Drowsiness Detection; Deep Learning; Real-time Deep Neural Network; Android. 
### 3.Continual Occlusions and Optical Flow Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01602.pdf)
>  Two optical flow estimation problems are addressed: i) occlusion estimation and handling, and ii) estimation from image sequences longer than two frames. The proposed ContinualFlow method estimates occlusions before flow, avoiding the use of flow corrupted by occlusions for their estimation. We show that providing occlusion masks as an additional input to flow estimation improves the standard performance metric by more than 25\% on both KITTI and Sintel. As a second contribution, a novel method for incorporating information from past frames into flow estimation is introduced. The previous frame flow serves as an input to occlusion estimation and as a prior in occluded regions, i.e. those without visual correspondences. By continually using the previous frame flow, ContinualFlow performance improves further by 18\% on KITTI and 7\% on Sintel, achieving top performance on KITTI and Sintel. 
### 4.Semi-Semantic Line-Cluster Assisted Monocular SLAM for Indoor Environments  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01592.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel method to reduce the scale drift for indoor monocular simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM). We leverage the prior knowledge that in the indoor environment, the line segments form tight clusters, e.g. many door frames in a straight corridor are of the same shape, size and orientation, so the same edges of these door frames form a tight line segment cluster. We implement our method in the popular ORB-SLAM2, which also serves as our baseline. In the front end we detect the line segments in each frame and incrementally cluster them in the 3D space. In the back end, we optimize the map imposing the constraint that the line segments of the same cluster should be the same. Experimental results show that our proposed method successfully reduces the scale drift for indoor monocular SLAM. 
### 5.SPNet: Deep 3D Object Classification and Retrieval using Stereographic Projection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01571.pdf)
>  We propose an efficient Stereographic Projection Neural Network (SPNet) for learning representations of 3D objects. We first transform a 3D input volume into a 2D planar image using stereographic projection. We then present a shallow 2D convolutional neural network (CNN) to estimate the object category followed by view ensemble, which combines the responses from multiple views of the object to further enhance the predictions. Specifically, the proposed approach consists of four stages: (1) Stereographic projection of a 3D object, (2) view-specific feature learning, (3) view selection and (4) view ensemble. The proposed approach performs comparably to the state-of-the-art methods while having substantially lower GPU memory as well as network parameters. Despite its lightness, the experiments on 3D object classification and shape retrievals demonstrate the high performance of the proposed method. 
### 6.You Only Search Once: Single Shot Neural Architecture Search via Direct Sparse Optimization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01567.pdf)
>  Recently Neural Architecture Search (NAS) has aroused great interest in both academia and industry, however it remains challenging because of its huge and non-continuous search space. Instead of applying evolutionary algorithm or reinforcement learning as previous works, this paper proposes a Direct Sparse Optimization NAS (DSO-NAS) method. In DSO-NAS, we provide a novel model pruning view to NAS problem. In specific, we start from a completely connected block, and then introduce scaling factors to scale the information flow between operations. Next, we impose sparse regularizations to prune useless connections in the architecture. Lastly, we derive an efficient and theoretically sound optimization method to solve it. Our method enjoys both advantages of differentiability and efficiency, therefore can be directly applied to large datasets like ImageNet. Particularly, On CIFAR-10 dataset, DSO-NAS achieves an average test error 2.84\%, while on the ImageNet dataset DSO-NAS achieves 25.4\% test error under 600M FLOPs with 8 GPUs in 18 hours. 
### 7.StNet: Local and Global Spatial-Temporal Modeling for Action Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01549.pdf)
>  Despite the success of deep learning for static image understanding, it remains unclear what are the most effective network architectures for the spatial-temporal modeling in videos. In this paper, in contrast to the existing CNN+RNN or pure 3D convolution based approaches, we explore a novel spatial temporal network (StNet) architecture for both local and global spatial-temporal modeling in videos. Particularly, StNet stacks N successive video frames into a \emph{super-image} which has 3N channels and applies 2D convolution on super-images to capture local spatial-temporal relationship. To model global spatial-temporal relationship, we apply temporal convolution on the local spatial-temporal feature maps. Specifically, a novel temporal Xception block is proposed in StNet. It employs a separate channel-wise and temporal-wise convolution over the feature sequence of video. Extensive experiments on the Kinetics dataset demonstrate that our framework outperforms several state-of-the-art approaches in action recognition and can strike a satisfying trade-off between recognition accuracy and model complexity. We further demonstrate the generalization performance of the leaned video representations on the UCF101 dataset. 
### 8.Redefining Ultrasound Compounding: Computational Sonography  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01534.pdf)
>  Freehand three-dimensional ultrasound (3D-US) has gained considerable interest in research, but even today suffers from its high inter-operator variability in clinical practice. The high variability mainly arises from tracking inaccuracies as well as the directionality of the ultrasound data, being neglected in most of today&#39;s reconstruction methods. By providing a novel paradigm for the acquisition and reconstruction of tracked freehand 3D ultrasound, this work presents the concept of Computational Sonography (CS) to model the directionality of ultrasound information. CS preserves the directionality of the acquired data, and allows for its exploitation by computational algorithms. In this regard, we propose a set of mathematical models to represent 3D-US data, inspired by the physics of ultrasound imaging. We compare different models of Computational Sonography to classical scalar compounding for freehand acquisitions, providing both an improved preservation of US directionality as well as improved image quality in 3D. The novel concept is evaluated for a set of phantom datasets, as well as for in-vivo acquisitions of muscoloskeletal and vascular applications. 
### 9.Unsupervised RGBD Video Object Segmentation Using GANs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01526.pdf)
>  Video object segmentation is a fundamental step in many advanced vision applications. Most existing algorithms are based on handcrafted features such as HOG, super-pixel segmentation or texture-based techniques, while recently deep features have been found to be more efficient. Existing algorithms observe performance degradation in the presence of challenges such as illumination variations, shadows, and color camouflage. To handle these challenges we propose a fusion based moving object segmentation algorithm which exploits color as well as depth information using GAN to achieve more accuracy. Our goal is to segment moving objects in the presence of challenging background scenes, in real environments. To address this problem, GAN is trained in an unsupervised manner on color and depth information independently with challenging video sequences. During testing, the trained GAN generates backgrounds similar to that in the test sample. The generated background samples are then compared with the test sample to segment moving objects. The final result is computed by fusion of object boundaries in both modalities, RGB and the depth. The comparison of our proposed algorithm with five state-of-the-art methods on publicly available dataset has shown the strength of our algorithm for moving object segmentation in videos in the presence of challenging real scenarios. 
### 10.Underwater Fish Detection using Deep Learning for Water Power Applications  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01494.pdf)
>  Clean energy from oceans and rivers is becoming a reality with the development of new technologies like tidal and instream turbines that generate electricity from naturally flowing water. These new technologies are being monitored for effects on fish and other wildlife using underwater video. Methods for automated analysis of underwater video are needed to lower the costs of analysis and improve accuracy. A deep learning model, YOLO, was trained to recognize fish in underwater video using three very different datasets recorded at real-world water power sites. Training and testing with examples from all three datasets resulted in a mean average precision (mAP) score of 0.5392. To test how well a model could generalize to new datasets, the model was trained using examples from only two of the datasets and then tested on examples from all three datasets. The resulting model could not recognize fish in the dataset that was not part of the training set. The mAP scores on the other two datasets that were included in the training set were higher than the scores achieved by the model trained on all three datasets. These results indicate that different methods are needed in order to produce a trained model that can generalize to new data sets such as those encountered in real world applications. 
### 11.Fast Face Image Synthesis with Minimal Training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01474.pdf)
>  We propose an algorithm to generate realistic face im-ages of both real and synthetic identities (people who donot exist) with different facial yaw, shape and resolution.The synthesized images can be used to augment datasets totrain CNNs or as massive distractor sets for biometric ver-ification experiments without any privacy concerns. Addi-tionally, law enforcement can make use of this technique totrain forensic experts to recognize faces. Our method sam-ples face components from a pool of multiple face images ofreal identities to generate the synthetic texture. Then, a real3D head model compatible to the generated texture is usedto render it under different facial yaw transformations. Weperform multiple quantitative experiments to assess the ef-fectiveness of our synthesis procedure in CNN training andits potential use to generate distractor face images. Addi-tionally, we compare our method with popular GAN modelsin terms of visual quality and execution time. 
### 12.False Positive Reduction in Lung Computed Tomography Images using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01424.pdf)
>  Recent studies have shown that lung cancer screening using annual low-dose computed tomography (CT) reduces lung cancer mortality by 20% compared to traditional chest radiography. Therefore, CT lung screening has started to be used widely all across the world. However, analyzing these images is a serious burden for radiologists. In this study, we propose a novel and simple framework that analyzes CT lung screenings using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and reduces false positives. Our framework shows that even non-complex architectures are very powerful to classify 3D nodule data when compared to traditional methods. We also use different fusions in order to show their power and effect on the overall score. 3D CNNs are preferred over 2D CNNs because data are in 3D, and 2D convolutional operations may result in information loss. Mini-batch is used in order to overcome class-imbalance. Proposed framework has been validated according to the LUNA16 challenge evaluation and got score of 0.786, which is the average sensitivity values at seven predefined false positive (FP) points. 
### 13.DeepKey: Towards End-to-End Physical Key Replication From a Single Photograph  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01405.pdf)
>  This paper describes DeepKey, an end-to-end deep neural architecture capable of taking a digital RGB image of an &#39;everyday&#39; scene containing a pin tumbler key (e.g. lying on a table or carpet) and fully automatically inferring a printable 3D key model. We report on the key detection performance and describe how candidates can be transformed into physical prints. We show an example opening a real-world lock. Our system is described in detail, providing a breakdown of all components including key detection, pose normalisation, bitting segmentation and 3D model inference. We provide an in-depth evaluation and conclude by reflecting on limitations, applications, potential security risks and societal impact. We contribute the DeepKey Datasets of 5, 300+ images covering a few test keys with bounding boxes, pose and unaligned mask data. 
### 14.Texture Synthesis Guided Deep Hashing for Texture Image Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01401.pdf)
>  With the large-scale explosion of images and videos over the internet, efficient hashing methods have been developed to facilitate memory and time efficient retrieval of similar images. However, none of the existing works uses hashing to address texture image retrieval mostly because of the lack of sufficiently large texture image databases. Our work addresses this problem by developing a novel deep learning architecture that generates binary hash codes for input texture images. For this, we first pre-train a Texture Synthesis Network (TSN) which takes a texture patch as input and outputs an enlarged view of the texture by injecting newer texture content. Thus it signifies that the TSN encodes the learnt texture specific information in its intermediate layers. In the next stage, a second network gathers the multi-scale feature representations from the TSN&#39;s intermediate layers using channel-wise attention, combines them in a progressive manner to a dense continuous representation which is finally converted into a binary hash code with the help of individual and pairwise label information. The new enlarged texture patches also help in data augmentation to alleviate the problem of insufficient texture data and are used to train the second stage of the network. Experiments on three public texture image retrieval datasets indicate the superiority of our texture synthesis guided hashing approach over current state-of-the-art methods. 
### 15.Handwriting Recognition in Low-resource Scripts using Adversarial Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01396.pdf)
>  Handwritten Word Recognition and Spotting is a challenging field dealing with handwritten text possessing irregular and complex shapes. Designing models using deep neural networks makes it necessary to extend datasets in order to introduce variances and increase the number of training samples; word-retrieval is therefore very difficult in low-resource scripts. Much of the existing literature use preprocessing strategies which are seldom sufficient to cover all possible variations. We propose the Adversarial Feature Deformation Module that learns ways to elastically warp extracted features in a scalable manner. It is inserted between intermediate layers and trained alternatively with the original framework, boosting its capability to better learn highly informative features rather than trivial ones. We test our meta-framework which is built on top of popular spotting and recognition frameworks and enhanced by the AFDM not only on extensive Latin word datasets, but on sparser Indic scripts too. We record results for varying training data sizes, and observe that our enhanced network generalizes much better in the low-data regime; the overall word-error rates and mAP scores are observed to improve as well. 
### 16.Query-based Logo Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01395.pdf)
>  Logo detection in real-world scene images is an important problem with useful applications in advertisement and marketing. Existing general-purpose object detection methods require large training data with bounding box annotations for every logo class. These methods do not satisfy the incremental demand of logo classes necessary for practical deployment as it is practically impossible to have such paired data for every new unseen logo. In this work, we propose a query-based logo search and detection system by employing a one-shot learning technique. Given an image of a query logo, the model searches for it within a given target image and predicts the possible location of the logo by estimating a corresponding binary mask. The proposed model consists of a conditional branch and a segmentation branch. The former gives a conditional representation of a given query logo which is combined with the feature maps at multiple scales of the segmentation branch. The multi-scale conditioning allows our model to obtain a scale-invariant solution. Experimental results reveal that our model can be successfully adapted for any logo classes without separately training the whole network. Also, our query-based logo retrieval framework achieved superior performance in FlickrLogos-32 and TopLogos-10 dataset over existing baselines. 
### 17.Underwater Single Image Color Restoration Using Haze-Lines and a New Quantitative Dataset  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01343.pdf)
>  Underwater images suffer from color distortion and low contrast, because light is attenuated while it propagates through water. Attenuation under water varies with wavelength, unlike terrestrial images where attenuation is assumed to be spectrally uniform. The attenuation depends both on the water body and the 3D structure of the scene, making color restoration difficult. <br />Unlike existing single underwater image enhancement techniques, our method takes into account multiple spectral profiles of different water types. By estimating just two additional global parameters: the attenuation ratios of the blue-red and blue-green color channels, the problem is reduced to single image dehazing, where all color channels have the same attenuation coefficients. Since the water type is unknown, we evaluate different parameters out of an existing library of water types. Each type leads to a different restored image and the best result is automatically chosen based on color distribution. <br />We collected a dataset of images taken in different locations with varying water properties, showing color charts in the scenes. Moreover, to obtain ground truth, the 3D structure of the scene was calculated based on stereo imaging. This dataset enables a quantitative evaluation of restoration algorithms on natural images and shows the advantage of our method. 
### 18.Bi-Real Net: Binarizing Deep Network Towards Real-Network Performance  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01335.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study 1-bit convolutional neural networks (CNNs), of which both the weights and activations are binary. While efficient, the lacking of representational capability and the training difficulty impede 1-bit CNNs from performing as well as real-valued networks. We propose Bi-Real net with a novel training algorithm to tackle these two challenges. To enhance the representational capability, we propagate the real-valued activations generated by each 1-bit convolution via a parameter-free shortcut. To address the training difficulty, we propose a training algorithm using a tighter approximation to the derivative of the sign function, a magnitude-aware gradient for weight updating, a better initialization method, and a two-step scheme for training a deep network. Experiments on ImageNet show that an 18-layer Bi-Real net with the proposed training algorithm achieves 56.4% top-1 classification accuracy, which is 10% higher than the state-of-the-arts (e.g., XNOR-Net) with greater memory saving and lower computational cost. Bi-Real net is also the first to scale up 1-bit CNNs to an ultra-deep network with 152 layers, and achieves 64.5% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet. A 50-layer Bi-Real net shows comparable performance to a real-valued network on the depth estimation task with only a 0.3% accuracy gap. 
### 19.Improving GAN with neighbors embedding and gradient matching  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01333.pdf)
>  We propose two new techniques for training Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). Our objectives are to alleviate mode collapse in GAN and improve the quality of the generated samples. First, we propose neighbor embedding, a manifold learning-based regularization to explicitly retain local structures of latent samples in the generated samples. This prevents generator from producing nearly identical data samples from different latent samples, and reduces mode collapse. We propose an inverse t-SNE regularizer to achieve this. Second, we propose a new technique, gradient matching, to align the distributions of the generated samples and the real samples. As it is challenging to work with high-dimensional sample distributions, we propose to align these distributions through the scalar discriminator scores. We constrain the difference between the discriminator scores of the real samples and generated ones. We further constrain the difference between the gradients of these discriminator scores. We derive these constraints from Taylor approximations of the discriminator function. We perform experiments to demonstrate that our proposed techniques are computationally simple and easy to be incorporated in existing systems. When Gradient matching and Neighbour embedding are applied together, our GN-GAN achieves outstanding results on 1D/2D synthetic, CIFAR-10 and STL-10 datasets, e.g. FID score of $30.80$ for the STL-10 dataset. Our code is available at: <a href="https://github.com/tntrung/gan">this https URL</a> 
### 20.RA-UNet: A hybrid deep attention-aware network to extract liver and tumor in CT scans  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01328.pdf)
>  Automatic extraction of liver and tumor from CT volumes is a challenging task due to their heterogeneous and diffusive shapes. Recently, 2D and 3D deep convolutional neural networks have become popular in medical image segmentation tasks because of the utilization of large labeled datasets to learn hierarchical features. However, 3D networks have some drawbacks due to their high cost on computational resources. In this paper, we propose a 3D hybrid residual attention-aware segmentation method, named RA-UNet, to precisely extract the liver volume of interests (VOI) and segment tumors from the liver VOI. The proposed network has a basic architecture as a 3D U-Net which extracts contextual information combining low-level feature maps with high-level ones. Attention modules are stacked so that the attention-aware features change adaptively as the network goes &#34;very deep&#34; and this is made possible by residual learning. This is the first work that an attention residual mechanism is used to process medical volumetric images. We evaluated our framework on the public MICCAI 2017 Liver Tumor Segmentation dataset and the 3DIRCADb dataset. The results show that our architecture outperforms other state-of-the-art methods. We also extend our RA-UNet to brain tumor segmentation on the BraTS2018 and BraTS2017 datasets, and the results indicate that RA-UNet achieves good performance on a brain tumor segmentation task as well. 
### 21.A dataset for benchmarking vision-based localization at intersections  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01306.pdf)
>  In this report we present the work performed in order to build a dataset for benchmarking vision-based localization at intersections, i.e., a set of stereo video sequences taken from a road vehicle that is approaching an intersection, altogether with a reliable measure of the observer position. This report is meant to complement our paper &#34;Vision-Based Localization at Intersections using Digital Maps&#34; submitted to ICRA2019. It complements the paper because the paper uses the dataset, but it had no space for describing the work done to obtain it. Moreover, the dataset is of interest for all those tackling the task of online localization at intersections for road vehicles, e.g., for a quantitative comparison with the proposal in our submitted paper, and it is therefore appropriate to put the dataset description in a separate report. We considered all datasets from road vehicles that we could find as for the end of August 2018. After our evaluation, we kept only sub-sequences from the KITTI dataset. In the future we will increase the collection of sequences with data from our vehicle. 
### 22.Geometry-Aware Recurrent Neural Networks for Active Visual Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01292.pdf)
>  We present recurrent geometry-aware neural networks that integrate visual information across multiple views of a scene into 3D latent feature tensors, while maintaining an one-to-one mapping between 3D physical locations in the world scene and latent feature locations. Object detection, object segmentation, and 3D reconstruction is then carried out directly using the constructed 3D feature memory, as opposed to any of the input 2D images. The proposed models are equipped with differentiable egomotion-aware feature warping and (learned) depth-aware unprojection operations to achieve geometrically consistent mapping between the features in the input frame and the constructed latent model of the scene. We empirically show the proposed model generalizes much better than geometryunaware LSTM/GRU networks, especially under the presence of multiple objects and cross-object occlusions. Combined with active view selection policies, our model learns to select informative viewpoints to integrate information from by &#34;undoing&#34; cross-object occlusions, seamlessly combining geometry with learning from experience. 
### 23.Auto-ML Deep Learning for Rashi Scripts OCR  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01290.pdf)
>  In this work we propose an OCR scheme for manuscripts printed in Rashi font that is an ancient Hebrew font and corresponding dialect used in religious Jewish literature, for more than 600 years. The proposed scheme utilizes a convolution neural network (CNN) for visual inference and Long-Short Term Memory (LSTM) to learn the Rashi scripts dialect. In particular, we derive an AutoML scheme to optimize the CNN architecture, and a book-specific CNN training to improve the OCR accuracy. The proposed scheme achieved an accuracy of more than 99.8% using a dataset of more than 3M annotated letters from the Responsa Project dataset. 
### 24.Deep Learning based Computer-Aided Diagnosis Systems for Diabetic Retinopathy: A Survey  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01238.pdf)
>  The outstanding performance of deep learning in various computer vision tasks motivated its application for medical image analysis, in particular, retinal fundus image analysis. It has been applied to a variety of tasks including diagnosis, detection and segmentation of pathologies in retinal fundus images. Many deep learning based techniques have been proposed to analyze retinal fundus images for automatic detection and diagnosis of macular degeneration and diabetic retinopathy. The automatic detection of diabetic retinopathy has the potential to prevent cases of vision loss and blindness by boosting the examination of diabetic patients. We carried out a comprehensive study of the latest deep learning techniques and their use in fundus image analysis. This paper presents the key concepts of deep learning relevant to diabetic retinopathy images analysis and reviews the latest deep learning based contributions in this area. We conclude the paper with a summary of the state-of-the-art, a critical discussion of open challenges and directions for future research. 
### 25.DUNet: A deformable network for retinal vessel segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01206.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation of retinal vessels in fundus images plays an important role in the diagnosis of some diseases such as diabetes and hypertension. In this paper, we propose Deformable U-Net (DUNet), which exploits the retinal vessels&#39; local features with a U-shape architecture, in an end to end manner for retinal vessel segmentation. Inspired by the recently introduced deformable convolutional networks, we integrate the deformable convolution into the proposed network. The DUNet, with upsampling operators to increase the output resolution, is designed to extract context information and enable precise localization by combining low-level feature maps with high-level ones. Furthermore, DUNet captures the retinal vessels at various shapes and scales by adaptively adjusting the receptive fields according to vessels&#39; scales and shapes. Three public datasets DRIVE, STARE and CHASE_DB1 are used to train and test our model. Detailed comparisons between the proposed network and the deformable neural network, U-Net are provided in our study. Results show that more detailed vessels are extracted by DUNet and it exhibits state-of-the-art performance for retinal vessel segmentation with a global accuracy of 0.9697/0.9722/0.9724 and AUC of 0.9856/0.9868/0.9863 on DRIVE, STARE and CHASE_DB1 respectively. Moreover, to show the generalization ability of the DUNet, we used another two retinal vessel data sets, one is named WIDE and the other is a synthetic data set with diverse styles, named SYNTHE, to qualitatively and quantitatively analyzed and compared with other methods. Results indicates that DUNet outperforms other state-of-the-arts. 
### 26.Pushing the boundaries of audiovisual word recognition using Residual Networks and LSTMs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01194.pdf)
>  Visual and audiovisual speech recognition are witnessing a renaissance which is largely due to the advent of deep learning methods. In this paper, we present a deep learning architecture for lipreading and audiovisual word recognition, which combines Residual Networks equipped with spatiotemporal input layers and Bidirectional LSTMs. The lipreading architecture attains 11.92% misclassification rate on the challenging Lipreading-In-The-Wild database, which is composed of excerpts from BBC-TV, each containing one of the 500 target words. Audiovisual experiments are performed using both intermediate and late integration, as well as several types and levels of environmental noise, and notable improvements over the audio-only network are reported, even in the case of clean speech. A further analysis on the utility of target word boundaries is provided, as well as on the capacity of the network in modeling the linguistic context of the target word. Finally, we examine difficult word pairs and discuss how visual information helps towards attaining higher recognition accuracy. 
### 27.Ischemic Stroke Lesion Segmentation in CT Perfusion Scans using Pyramid Pooling and Focal Loss  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01085.pdf)
>  We present a fully convolutional neural network for segmenting ischemic stroke lesions in CT perfusion images for the ISLES 2018 challenge. Treatment of stroke is time sensitive and current standards for lesion identification require manual segmentation, a time consuming and challenging process. Automatic segmentation methods present the possibility of accurately identifying lesions and improving treatment planning. Our model is based on the PSPNet, a network architecture that makes use of pyramid pooling to provide global and local contextual information. To learn the varying shapes of the lesions, we train our network using focal loss, a loss function designed for the network to focus on learning the more difficult samples. We compare our model to networks trained using the U-Net and V-Net architectures. Our approach demonstrates effective performance in lesion segmentation and ranked among the top performers at the challenge conclusion. 
### 28.3D Pick &amp; Mix: Object Part Blending in Joint Shape and Image Manifolds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01068.pdf)
>  We present 3D Pick &amp; Mix, a new 3D shape retrieval system that provides users with a new level of freedom to explore 3D shape and Internet image collections by introducing the ability to reason about objects at the level of their constituent parts. While classic retrieval systems can only formulate simple searches such as &#34;find the 3D model that is most similar to the input image&#34; our new approach can formulate advanced and semantically meaningful search queries such as: &#34;find me the 3D model that best combines the design of the legs of the chair in image 1 but with no armrests, like the chair in image 2&#34;. Many applications could benefit from such rich queries, users could browse through catalogues of furniture and pick and mix parts, combining for example the legs of a chair from one shop and the armrests from another shop. 
### 29.What evidence does deep learning model use to classify Skin Lesions?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01051.pdf)
>  Melanoma is a type of skin cancer with the most rapidly increasing incidence. Early detection of melanoma using dermoscopy images significantly increases patients&#39; survival rate. However, accurately classifying skin lesions, especially in the early stage, is extremely challenging via dermatologists&#39; observation. Hence, the discovery of reliable biomarkers for melanoma diagnosis will be meaningful. Recent years, deep learning empowered computer-assisted diagnosis has been shown its value in medical imaging-based decision making. However, lots of research focus on improving disease detection accuracy but not exploring the evidence of pathology. In this paper, we propose a method to interpret the deep learning classification findings. Firstly, we propose an accurate neural network architecture to classify skin lesion. Secondly, we utilize a prediction difference analysis method that examining each patch on the image through patch wised corrupting for detecting the biomarkers. Lastly, we validate that our biomarker findings are corresponding to the patterns in the literature. The findings might be significant to guide clinical diagnosis. 
### 30.Scalable Deep $k$-Subspace Clustering  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01045.pdf)
>  Subspace clustering algorithms are notorious for their scalability issues because building and processing large affinity matrices are demanding. In this paper, we introduce a method that simultaneously learns an embedding space along subspaces within it to minimize a notion of reconstruction error, thus addressing the problem of subspace clustering in an end-to-end learning paradigm. To achieve our goal, we propose a scheme to update subspaces within a deep neural network. This in turn frees us from the need of having an affinity matrix to perform clustering. Unlike previous attempts, our method can easily scale up to large datasets, making it unique in the context of unsupervised learning with deep architectures. Our experiments show that our method significantly improves the clustering accuracy while enjoying cheaper memory footprints. 
### 31.A Unified Framework of DNN Weight Pruning and Weight Clustering/Quantization Using ADMM  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01907.pdf)
>  Many model compression techniques of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have been investigated, including weight pruning, weight clustering and quantization, etc. Weight pruning leverages the redundancy in the number of weights in DNNs, while weight clustering/quantization leverages the redundancy in the number of bit representations of weights. They can be effectively combined in order to exploit the maximum degree of redundancy. However, there lacks a systematic investigation in literature towards this direction. <br />In this paper, we fill this void and develop a unified, systematic framework of DNN weight pruning and clustering/quantization using Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers (ADMM), a powerful technique in optimization theory to deal with non-convex optimization problems. Both DNN weight pruning and clustering/quantization, as well as their combinations, can be solved in a unified manner. For further performance improvement in this framework, we adopt multiple techniques including iterative weight quantization and retraining, joint weight clustering training and centroid updating, weight clustering retraining, etc. The proposed framework achieves significant improvements both in individual weight pruning and clustering/quantization problems, as well as their combinations. For weight pruning alone, we achieve 167x weight reduction in LeNet-5, 24.7x in AlexNet, and 23.4x in VGGNet, without any accuracy loss. For the combination of DNN weight pruning and clustering/quantization, we achieve 1,910x and 210x storage reduction of weight data on LeNet-5 and AlexNet, respectively, without accuracy loss. Our codes and models are released at the link <a href="http://bit.ly/2D3F0np">this http URL</a> 
### 32.FUNN: Flexible Unsupervised Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01749.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have demonstrated high accuracy in image classification tasks. However, they were shown to be weak against adversarial examples: a small perturbation in the image which changes the classification output dramatically. In recent years, several defenses have been proposed to solve this issue in supervised classification tasks. We propose a method to obtain robust features in unsupervised learning tasks against adversarial attacks. Our method differs from existing solutions by directly learning the robust features without the need to project the adversarial examples in the original examples distribution space. A first auto-encoder A1 is in charge of perturbing the input image to fool another auto-encoder A2 which is in charge of regenerating the original image. A1 tries to find the less perturbed image under the constraint that the error in the output of A2 should be at least equal to a threshold. Thanks to this training, the encoder of A2 will be robust against adversarial attacks and could be used in different tasks like classification. Using state-of-art network architectures, we demonstrate the robustness of the features obtained thanks to this method in classification tasks. 
### 33.Deep Multiple Description Coding by Learning Scalar Quantization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01504.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a deep multiple description coding framework, whose quantizers are adaptively learned via the minimization of multiple description compressive loss. Firstly, our framework is built upon auto-encoder networks, which have multiple description multi-scale dilated encoder network and multiple description decoder networks. Secondly, two entropy estimation networks are learned to estimate the informative amounts of the quantized tensors, which can further supervise the learning of multiple description encoder network to represent the input image delicately. Thirdly, a pair of scalar quantizers accompanied by two importance-indicator maps is automatically learned in an end-to-end self-supervised way. Finally, multiple description structural dis-similarity distance loss is imposed on multiple description decoded images in pixel domain for diversified multiple description generations rather than on feature tensors in feature domain, in addition to multiple description reconstruction loss. Through testing on two commonly used datasets, it is verified that our method is beyond several state-of-the-art multiple description coding approaches in terms of coding efficiency. 
### 34.Efficient Inference on Deep Neural Networks by Dynamic Representations and Decision Gates  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01476.pdf)
>  The current trade-off between depth and computational cost makes it difficult to adopt deep neural networks for many industrial applications, especially when computing power is limited. Here, we are inspired by the idea that, while deeper embeddings are needed to discriminate difficult samples, a large number of samples can be well discriminated via much shallower embeddings. In this study, we introduce the concept of decision gates (d-gate), modules trained to decide whether a sample needs to be projected into a deeper embedding or if an early prediction can be made at the d-gate, thus enabling the computation of dynamic representations at different depths. The proposed d-gate modules can be integrated with any deep neural network and reduces the average computational cost of the deep neural networks while maintaining modeling accuracy. Experimental results show that leveraging the proposed d-gate modules led to a ~38% speed-up and ~39% FLOPS reduction on ResNet-101 and ~46% speed-up and ~36% FLOPS reduction on DenseNet-201 trained on the CIFAR10 dataset with only ~2\% drop in accuracy. 
### 35.ReXCam: Resource-Efficient, Cross-Camera Video Analytics at Enterprise Scale  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.01268.pdf)
>  The deployment of large camera networks for video analytics is an established and accelerating trend. Many real video inference applications entail a common problem template: searching for an object or activity of interest (e.g. a person, a speeding vehicle) through a large camera network in live video. This capability, called cross-camera analytics, is compute and data intensive -- requiring automated search across cameras and across frames, at the throughput of the live video stream. To address the cost challenge of processing every raw video frame from a large deployment, we present ReXCam, a new system for efficient cross-camera video analytics. ReXCam exploits spatial and temporal locality in the dynamics of real camera networks to guide its inference-time search for a query identity. In an offline profiling phase, ReXCam builds a cross-camera correlation model that encodes the locality observed in historical traffic patterns. At inference time, ReXCam applies this model to filter frames that are not spatially and temporally correlated with the query identity&#39;s current position. In the cases of occasional missed detections, ReXCam performs a fast-replay search on recently filtered video frames, enabling gracefully recovery. Together, these techniques allow ReXCam to reduce compute workload by 4.6x and improve inference precision by 27% on a well-known video dataset with footage from eight cameras, while maintaining within 1-2% of baseline recall. 
