# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 25 Mar 2022
### 1.EPro-PnP: Generalized End-to-End Probabilistic Perspective-n-Points for Monocular Object Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13254.pdf)
>  Locating 3D objects from a single RGB image via Perspective-n-Points (PnP) is a long-standing problem in computer vision. Driven by end-to-end deep learning, recent studies suggest interpreting PnP as a differentiable layer, so that 2D-3D point correspondences can be partly learned by backpropagating the gradient w.r.t. object pose. Yet, learning the entire set of unrestricted 2D-3D points from scratch fails to converge with existing approaches, since the deterministic pose is inherently non-differentiable. In this paper, we propose the EPro-PnP, a probabilistic PnP layer for general end-to-end pose estimation, which outputs a distribution of pose on the SE(3) manifold, essentially bringing categorical Softmax to the continuous domain. The 2D-3D coordinates and corresponding weights are treated as intermediate variables learned by minimizing the KL divergence between the predicted and target pose distribution. The underlying principle unifies the existing approaches and resembles the attention mechanism. EPro-PnP significantly outperforms competitive baselines, closing the gap between PnP-based method and the task-specific leaders on the LineMOD 6DoF pose estimation and nuScenes 3D object detection benchmarks.      
### 2.Video Instance Segmentation via Multi-scale Spatio-temporal Split Attention Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13253.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art transformer-based video instance segmentation (VIS) approaches typically utilize either single-scale spatio-temporal features or per-frame multi-scale features during the attention computations. We argue that such an attention computation ignores the multi-scale spatio-temporal feature relationships that are crucial to tackle target appearance deformations in videos. To address this issue, we propose a transformer-based VIS framework, named MS-STS VIS, that comprises a novel multi-scale spatio-temporal split (MS-STS) attention module in the encoder. The proposed MS-STS module effectively captures spatio-temporal feature relationships at multiple scales across frames in a video. We further introduce an attention block in the decoder to enhance the temporal consistency of the detected instances in different frames of a video. Moreover, an auxiliary discriminator is introduced during training to ensure better foreground-background separability within the multi-scale spatio-temporal feature space. We conduct extensive experiments on two benchmarks: Youtube-VIS (2019 and 2021). Our MS-STS VIS achieves state-of-the-art performance on both benchmarks. When using the ResNet50 backbone, our MS-STS achieves a mask AP of 50.1 %, outperforming the best reported results in literature by 2.7 % and by 4.8 % at higher overlap threshold of AP_75, while being comparable in model size and speed on Youtube-VIS 2019 val. set. When using the Swin Transformer backbone, MS-STS VIS achieves mask AP of 61.0 % on Youtube-VIS 2019 val. set. Our code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/OmkarThawakar/MSSTS-VIS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.Global Tracking Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13250.pdf)
>  We present a novel transformer-based architecture for global multi-object tracking. Our network takes a short sequence of frames as input and produces global trajectories for all objects. The core component is a global tracking transformer that operates on objects from all frames in the sequence. The transformer encodes object features from all frames, and uses trajectory queries to group them into trajectories. The trajectory queries are object features from a single frame and naturally produce unique trajectories. Our global tracking transformer does not require intermediate pairwise grouping or combinatorial association, and can be jointly trained with an object detector. It achieves competitive performance on the popular MOT17 benchmark, with 75.3 MOTA and 59.1 HOTA. More importantly, our framework seamlessly integrates into state-of-the-art large-vocabulary detectors to track any objects. Experiments on the challenging TAO dataset show that our framework consistently improves upon baselines that are based on pairwise association, outperforming published works by a significant 7.7 tracking mAP. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xingyizhou/GTR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.BigDetection: A Large-scale Benchmark for Improved Object Detector Pre-training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13249.pdf)
>  Multiple datasets and open challenges for object detection have been introduced in recent years. To build more general and powerful object detection systems, in this paper, we construct a new large-scale benchmark termed BigDetection. Our goal is to simply leverage the training data from existing datasets (LVIS, OpenImages and Object365) with carefully designed principles, and curate a larger dataset for improved detector pre-training. Specifically, we generate a new taxonomy which unifies the heterogeneous label spaces from different sources. Our BigDetection dataset has 600 object categories and contains over 3.4M training images with 36M bounding boxes. It is much larger in multiple dimensions than previous benchmarks, which offers both opportunities and challenges. Extensive experiments demonstrate its validity as a new benchmark for evaluating different object detection methods, and its effectiveness as a pre-training dataset.      
### 5.Pastiche Master: Exemplar-Based High-Resolution Portrait Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13248.pdf)
>  Recent studies on StyleGAN show high performance on artistic portrait generation by transfer learning with limited data. In this paper, we explore more challenging exemplar-based high-resolution portrait style transfer by introducing a novel DualStyleGAN with flexible control of dual styles of the original face domain and the extended artistic portrait domain. Different from StyleGAN, DualStyleGAN provides a natural way of style transfer by characterizing the content and style of a portrait with an intrinsic style path and a new extrinsic style path, respectively. The delicately designed extrinsic style path enables our model to modulate both the color and complex structural styles hierarchically to precisely pastiche the style example. Furthermore, a novel progressive fine-tuning scheme is introduced to smoothly transform the generative space of the model to the target domain, even with the above modifications on the network architecture. Experiments demonstrate the superiority of DualStyleGAN over state-of-the-art methods in high-quality portrait style transfer and flexible style control.      
### 6.VRNet: Learning the Rectified Virtual Corresponding Points for 3D Point Cloud Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13241.pdf)
>  3D point cloud registration is fragile to outliers, which are labeled as the points without corresponding points. To handle this problem, a widely adopted strategy is to estimate the relative pose based only on some accurate correspondences, which is achieved by building correspondences on the identified inliers or by selecting reliable ones. However, these approaches are usually complicated and time-consuming. By contrast, the virtual point-based methods learn the virtual corresponding points (VCPs) for all source points uniformly without distinguishing the outliers and the inliers. Although this strategy is time-efficient, the learned VCPs usually exhibit serious collapse degeneration due to insufficient supervision and the inherent distribution limitation. In this paper, we propose to exploit the best of both worlds and present a novel robust 3D point cloud registration framework. We follow the idea of the virtual point-based methods but learn a new type of virtual points called rectified virtual corresponding points (RCPs), which are defined as the point set with the same shape as the source and with the same pose as the target. Hence, a pair of consistent point clouds, i.e. source and RCPs, is formed by rectifying VCPs to RCPs (VRNet), through which reliable correspondences between source and RCPs can be accurately obtained. Since the relative pose between source and RCPs is the same as the relative pose between source and target, the input point clouds can be registered naturally. Specifically, we first construct the initial VCPs by using an estimated soft matching matrix to perform a weighted average on the target points. Then, we design a correction-walk module to learn an offset to rectify VCPs to RCPs, which effectively breaks the distribution limitation of VCPs. Finally, we develop a hybrid loss function to enforce the shape and geometry structure consistency ...      
### 7.A Representation Separation Perspective to Correspondences-free Unsupervised 3D Point Cloud Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13239.pdf)
>  3D point cloud registration in remote sensing field has been greatly advanced by deep learning based methods, where the rigid transformation is either directly regressed from the two point clouds (correspondences-free approaches) or computed from the learned correspondences (correspondences-based approaches). Existing correspondences-free methods generally learn the holistic representation of the entire point cloud, which is fragile for partial and noisy point clouds. In this paper, we propose a correspondences-free unsupervised point cloud registration (UPCR) method from the representation separation perspective. First, we model the input point cloud as a combination of pose-invariant representation and pose-related representation. Second, the pose-related representation is used to learn the relative pose wrt a "latent canonical shape" for the source and target point clouds respectively. Third, the rigid transformation is obtained from the above two learned relative poses. Our method not only filters out the disturbance in pose-invariant representation but also is robust to partial-to-partial point clouds or noise. Experiments on benchmark datasets demonstrate that our unsupervised method achieves comparable if not better performance than state-of-the-art supervised registration methods.      
### 8.Open-set Recognition via Augmentation-based Similarity Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13238.pdf)
>  The primary assumption of conventional supervised learning or classification is that the test samples are drawn from the same distribution as the training samples, which is called closed set learning or classification. In many practical scenarios, this is not the case because there are unknowns or unseen class samples in the test data, which is called the open set scenario, and the unknowns need to be detected. This problem is referred to as the open set recognition problem and is important in safety-critical applications. We propose to detect unknowns (or unseen class samples) through learning pairwise similarities. The proposed method works in two steps. It first learns a closed set classifier using the seen classes that have appeared in training and then learns how to compare seen classes with pseudo-unseen (automatically generated unseen class samples). The pseudo-unseen generation is carried out by performing distribution shifting augmentations on the seen or training samples. We call our method OPG (Open set recognition based on Pseudo unseen data Generation). The experimental evaluation shows that the learned similarity-based features can successfully distinguish seen from unseen in benchmark datasets for open set recognition.      
### 9.Facial Expression Recognition based on Multi-head Cross Attention Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13235.pdf)
>  Facial expression in-the-wild is essential for various interactive computing domains. In this paper, we proposed an extended version of DAN model to address the VA estimation and facial expression challenges introduced in ABAW 2022. Our method produced preliminary results of 0.44 of mean CCC value for the VA estimation task, and 0.33 of the average F1 score for the expression classification task.      
### 10.Neural Neighbor Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13215.pdf)
>  We propose Neural Neighbor Style Transfer (NNST), a pipeline that offers state-of-the-art quality, generalization, and competitive efficiency for artistic style transfer. Our approach is based on explicitly replacing neural features extracted from the content input (to be stylized) with those from a style exemplar, then synthesizing the final output based on these rearranged features. While the spirit of our approach is similar to prior work, we show that our design decisions dramatically improve the final visual quality.      
### 11.A Perturbation Constrained Adversarial Attack for Evaluating the Robustness of Optical Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13214.pdf)
>  Recent optical flow methods are almost exclusively judged in terms of accuracy, while analyzing their robustness is often neglected. Although adversarial attacks offer a useful tool to perform such an analysis, current attacks on optical flow methods rather focus on real-world attacking scenarios than on a worst case robustness assessment. Hence, in this work, we propose a novel adversarial attack - the Perturbation Constrained Flow Attack (PCFA) - that emphasizes destructivity over applicability as a real-world attack. More precisely, PCFA is a global attack that optimizes adversarial perturbations to shift the predicted flow towards a specified target flow, while keeping the L2 norm of the perturbation below a chosen bound. Our experiments not only demonstrate PCFA's applicability in white- and black-box settings, but also show that it finds stronger adversarial samples for optical flow than previous attacking frameworks. Moreover, based on these strong samples, we provide the first common ranking of optical flow methods in the literature considering both prediction quality and adversarial robustness, indicating that high quality methods are not necessarily robust. Our source code will be publicly available.      
### 12.Quantum Motion Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13185.pdf)
>  Motion segmentation is a challenging problem that seeks to identify independent motions in two or several input images. This paper introduces the first algorithm for motion segmentation that relies on adiabatic quantum optimization of the objective function. The proposed method achieves on-par performance with the state of the art on problem instances which can be mapped to modern quantum annealers.      
### 13.Towards Exemplar-Free Continual Learning in Vision Transformers: an Account of Attention, Functional and Weight Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13167.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate the continual learning of Vision Transformers (ViT) for the challenging exemplar-free scenario, with special focus on how to efficiently distill the knowledge of its crucial self-attention mechanism (SAM). Our work takes an initial step towards a surgical investigation of SAM for designing coherent continual learning methods in ViTs. We first carry out an evaluation of established continual learning regularization techniques. We then examine the effect of regularization when applied to two key enablers of SAM: (a) the contextualized embedding layers, for their ability to capture well-scaled representations with respect to the values, and (b) the prescaled attention maps, for carrying value-independent global contextual information. We depict the perks of each distilling strategy on two image recognition benchmarks (CIFAR100 and ImageNet-32) -- while (a) leads to a better overall accuracy, (b) helps enhance the rigidity by maintaining competitive performances. Furthermore, we identify the limitation imposed by the symmetric nature of regularization losses. To alleviate this, we propose an asymmetric variant and apply it to the pooled output distillation (POD) loss adapted for ViTs. Our experiments confirm that introducing asymmetry to POD boosts its plasticity while retaining stability across (a) and (b). Moreover, we acknowledge low forgetting measures for all the compared methods, indicating that ViTs might be naturally inclined continual learner      
### 14.Self-supervised Video-centralised Transformer for Video Face Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13166.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel method for face clustering in videos using a video-centralised transformer. Previous works often employed contrastive learning to learn frame-level representation and used average pooling to aggregate the features along the temporal dimension. This approach may not fully capture the complicated video dynamics. In addition, despite the recent progress in video-based contrastive learning, few have attempted to learn a self-supervised clustering-friendly face representation that benefits the video face clustering task. To overcome these limitations, our method employs a transformer to directly learn video-level representations that can better reflect the temporally-varying property of faces in videos, while we also propose a video-centralised self-supervised framework to train the transformer model. We also investigate face clustering in egocentric videos, a fast-emerging field that has not been studied yet in works related to face clustering. To this end, we present and release the first large-scale egocentric video face clustering dataset named EasyCom-Clustering. We evaluate our proposed method on both the widely used Big Bang Theory (BBT) dataset and the new EasyCom-Clustering dataset. Results show the performance of our video-centralised transformer has surpassed all previous state-of-the-art methods on both benchmarks, exhibiting a self-attentive understanding of face videos.      
### 15.Learning Hierarchical Cross-Modal Association for Co-Speech Gesture Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13161.pdf)
>  Generating speech-consistent body and gesture movements is a long-standing problem in virtual avatar creation. Previous studies often synthesize pose movement in a holistic manner, where poses of all joints are generated simultaneously. Such a straightforward pipeline fails to generate fine-grained co-speech gestures. One observation is that the hierarchical semantics in speech and the hierarchical structures of human gestures can be naturally described into multiple granularities and associated together. To fully utilize the rich connections between speech audio and human gestures, we propose a novel framework named Hierarchical Audio-to-Gesture (HA2G) for co-speech gesture generation. In HA2G, a Hierarchical Audio Learner extracts audio representations across semantic granularities. A Hierarchical Pose Inferer subsequently renders the entire human pose gradually in a hierarchical manner. To enhance the quality of synthesized gestures, we develop a contrastive learning strategy based on audio-text alignment for better audio representations. Extensive experiments and human evaluation demonstrate that the proposed method renders realistic co-speech gestures and outperforms previous methods in a clear margin. Project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://alvinliu0.github.io/projects/HA2G" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 16.Physics-based Learning of Parameterized Thermodynamics from Real-time Thermography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13148.pdf)
>  Progress in automatic control of thermal processes has long been limited by the difficulty of obtaining high-fidelity thermodynamic models. Traditionally, in complex thermodynamic systems, it is often infeasible to estimate the thermophysical parameters of spatiotemporally varying processes, forcing the adoption of model-free control architectures. This comes at the cost of losing any robustness guarantees, and implies a need for extensive real-life testing. In recent years, however, infrared cameras and other thermographic equipment have become readily applicable to these processes, allowing for a real-time, non-invasive means of sensing the thermal state of a process. In this work, we present a novel physics-based approach to learning a thermal process's dynamics directly from such real-time thermographic data, while focusing attention on regions with high thermal activity. We call this process, which applies to any higher-dimensional scalar field, attention-based noise robust averaging (ANRA). Given a partial-differential equation model structure, we show that our approach is robust against noise, and can be used to initialize optimization routines to further refine parameter estimates. We demonstrate our method on several simulation examples, as well as by applying it to electrosurgical thermal response data on in vivo porcine skin tissue.      
### 17.Make-A-Scene: Scene-Based Text-to-Image Generation with Human Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13131.pdf)
>  Recent text-to-image generation methods provide a simple yet exciting conversion capability between text and image domains. While these methods have incrementally improved the generated image fidelity and text relevancy, several pivotal gaps remain unanswered, limiting applicability and quality. We propose a novel text-to-image method that addresses these gaps by (i) enabling a simple control mechanism complementary to text in the form of a scene, (ii) introducing elements that substantially improve the tokenization process by employing domain-specific knowledge over key image regions (faces and salient objects), and (iii) adapting classifier-free guidance for the transformer use case. Our model achieves state-of-the-art FID and human evaluation results, unlocking the ability to generate high fidelity images in a resolution of 512x512 pixels, significantly improving visual quality. Through scene controllability, we introduce several new capabilities: (i) Scene editing, (ii) text editing with anchor scenes, (iii) overcoming out-of-distribution text prompts, and (iv) story illustration generation, as demonstrated in the story we wrote.      
### 18.Moving Window Regression: A Novel Approach to Ordinal Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13122.pdf)
>  A novel ordinal regression algorithm, called moving window regression (MWR), is proposed in this paper. First, we propose the notion of relative rank ($\rho$-rank), which is a new order representation scheme for input and reference instances. Second, we develop global and local relative regressors ($\rho$-regressors) to predict $\rho$-ranks within entire and specific rank ranges, respectively. Third, we refine an initial rank estimate iteratively by selecting two reference instances to form a search window and then estimating the $\rho$-rank within the window. Extensive experiments results show that the proposed algorithm achieves the state-of-the-art performances on various benchmark datasets for facial age estimation and historical color image classification. The codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nhshin-mcl/MWR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Feature visualization for convolutional neural network models trained on neuroimaging data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13120.pdf)
>  A major prerequisite for the application of machine learning models in clinical decision making is trust and interpretability. Current explainability studies in the neuroimaging community have mostly focused on explaining individual decisions of trained models, e.g. obtained by a convolutional neural network (CNN). Using attribution methods such as layer-wise relevance propagation or SHAP heatmaps can be created that highlight which regions of an input are more relevant for the decision than others. While this allows the detection of potential data set biases and can be used as a guide for a human expert, it does not allow an understanding of the underlying principles the model has learned. In this study, we instead show, to the best of our knowledge, for the first time results using feature visualization of neuroimaging CNNs. Particularly, we have trained CNNs for different tasks including sex classification and artificial lesion classification based on structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) data. We have then iteratively generated images that maximally activate specific neurons, in order to visualize the patterns they respond to. To improve the visualizations we compared several regularization strategies. The resulting images reveal the learned concepts of the artificial lesions, including their shapes, but remain hard to interpret for abstract features in the sex classification task.      
### 20.Egocentric Prediction of Action Target in 3D  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13116.pdf)
>  We are interested in anticipating as early as possible the target location of a person's object manipulation action in a 3D workspace from egocentric vision. It is important in fields like human-robot collaboration, but has not yet received enough attention from vision and learning communities. To stimulate more research on this challenging egocentric vision task, we propose a large multimodality dataset of more than 1 million frames of RGB-D and IMU streams, and provide evaluation metrics based on our high-quality 2D and 3D labels from semi-automatic annotation. Meanwhile, we design baseline methods using recurrent neural networks and conduct various ablation studies to validate their effectiveness. Our results demonstrate that this new task is worthy of further study by researchers in robotics, vision, and learning communities.      
### 21.R-DFCIL: Relation-Guided Representation Learning for Data-Free Class Incremental Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13104.pdf)
>  Class-Incremental Learning (CIL) struggles with catastrophic forgetting when learning new knowledge, and Data-Free CIL (DFCIL) is even more challenging without access to the training data of previous classes. Though recent DFCIL works introduce techniques such as model inversion to synthesize data for previous classes, they fail to overcome forgetting due to the severe domain gap between the synthetic and real data. To address this issue, this paper proposes relation-guided representation learning (RRL) for DFCIL, dubbed R-DFCIL. In RRL, we introduce relational knowledge distillation to flexibly transfer the structural relation of new data from the old model to the current model. Our RRL-boosted DFCIL can guide the current model to learn representations of new classes better compatible with representations of previous classes, which greatly reduces forgetting while improving plasticity. To avoid the mutual interference between representation and classifier learning, we employ local rather than global classification loss during RRL. After RRL, the classification head is fine-tuned with global class-balanced classification loss to address the data imbalance issue as well as learn the decision boundary between new and previous classes. Extensive experiments on CIFAR100, Tiny-ImageNet200, and ImageNet100 demonstrate that our R-DFCIL significantly surpasses previous approaches and achieves a new state-of-the-art performance for DFCIL.      
### 22.IA-FaceS, Bidirectional Method, Disentangled Attribute Manipulation, Flexible Component Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13097.pdf)
>  Semantic face editing has achieved substantial progress in recent years. Known as a growingly popular method, latent space manipulation performs face editing by changing the latent code of an input face to liberate users from painting skills. However, previous latent space manipulation methods usually encode an entire face into a single low-dimensional embedding, which constrains the reconstruction capacity and the control flexibility of facial components, such as eyes and nose. This paper proposes IA-FaceS as a bidirectional method for disentangled face attribute manipulation as well as flexible, controllable component editing without the need for segmentation masks or sketches in the original image. To strike a balance between the reconstruction capacity and the control flexibility, the encoder is designed as a multi-head structure to yield embeddings for reconstruction and control, respectively: a high-dimensional tensor with spatial properties for consistent reconstruction and four low-dimensional facial component embeddings for semantic face editing. Manipulating the separate component embeddings can help achieve disentangled attribute manipulation and flexible control of facial components. To further disentangle the highly-correlated components, a component adaptive modulation (CAM) module is proposed for the decoder. The semantic single-eye editing is developed for the first time without any input visual guidance, such as segmentation masks or sketches. According to the experimental results, IA-FaceS establishes a good balance between maintaining image details and performing flexible face manipulation. Both quantitative and qualitative results indicate that the proposed method outperforms the other techniques in reconstruction, face attribute manipulation, and component transfer.      
### 23.A Preliminary Research on Space Situational Awareness Based on Event Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13093.pdf)
>  Event camera is a new type of sensor that is different from traditional cameras. Each pixel is triggered asynchronously by an event. The trigger event is the change of the brightness irradiated on the pixel. If the increment or decrement is higher than a certain threshold, the event is output. Compared with traditional cameras, event cameras have the advantages of high temporal resolution, low latency, high dynamic range, low bandwidth and low power consumption. We carried out a series of observation experiments in a simulated space lighting environment. The experimental results show that the event camera can give full play to the above advantages in space situational awareness. This article first introduces the basic principles of the event camera, then analyzes its advantages and disadvantages, then introduces the observation experiment and analyzes the experimental results, and finally, a workflow of space situational awareness based on event cameras is given.      
### 24.AziNorm: Exploiting the Radial Symmetry of Point Cloud for Azimuth-Normalized 3D Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13090.pdf)
>  Studying the inherent symmetry of data is of great importance in machine learning. Point cloud, the most important data format for 3D environmental perception, is naturally endowed with strong radial symmetry. In this work, we exploit this radial symmetry via a divide-and-conquer strategy to boost 3D perception performance and ease optimization. We propose Azimuth Normalization (AziNorm), which normalizes the point clouds along the radial direction and eliminates the variability brought by the difference of azimuth. AziNorm can be flexibly incorporated into most LiDAR-based perception methods. To validate its effectiveness and generalization ability, we apply AziNorm in both object detection and semantic segmentation. For detection, we integrate AziNorm into two representative detection methods, the one-stage SECOND detector and the state-of-the-art two-stage PV-RCNN detector. Experiments on Waymo Open Dataset demonstrate that AziNorm improves SECOND and PV-RCNN by 7.03 mAPH and 3.01 mAPH respectively. For segmentation, we integrate AziNorm into KPConv. On SemanticKitti dataset, AziNorm improves KPConv by 1.6/1.1 mIoU on val/test set. Besides, AziNorm remarkably improves data efficiency and accelerates convergence, reducing the requirement of data amounts or training epochs by an order of magnitude. SECOND w/ AziNorm can significantly outperform fully trained vanilla SECOND, even trained with only 10% data or 10% epochs. Code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hustvl/AziNorm" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.Multitask Emotion Recognition Model with Knowledge Distillation and Task Discriminator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13072.pdf)
>  Due to the collection of big data and the development of deep learning, research to predict human emotions in the wild is being actively conducted. We designed a multi-task model using ABAW dataset to predict valence-arousal, expression, and action unit through audio data and face images at in real world. We trained model from the incomplete label by applying the knowledge distillation technique. The teacher model was trained as a supervised learning method, and the student model was trained by using the output of the teacher model as a soft label. As a result we achieved 2.40 in Multi Task Learning task validation dataset.      
### 26.SIFT and SURF based feature extraction for the anomaly detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13068.pdf)
>  In this paper, we suggest a way, how to use SIFT and SURF algorithms to extract the image features for anomaly detection. We use those feature vectors to train various classifiers on a real-world dataset in the semi -supervised (with a small number of faulty samples) manner with a large number of classifiers and in the one-class (with no faulty samples) manner using the SVDD and SVM classifier. We prove, that the SIFT and SURF algorithms could be used as feature extractors, that they could be used to train a semi-supervised and one-class classifier with an accuracy around 89\% and that the performance of the one-class classifier could be comparable to the semi-supervised one. We also made our dataset and source code publicly available.      
### 27.Coarse-to-Fine Cascaded Networks with Smooth Predicting for Video Facial Expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13052.pdf)
>  Facial expression recognition plays an important role in human-computer interaction. In this paper, we propose the Coarse-to-Fine Cascaded networks with Smooth Predicting (CFC-SP) to improve the performance of facial expression recognition. CFC-SP contains two core components, namely Coarse-to-Fine Cascaded networks (CFC) and Smooth Predicting (SP). For CFC, it first groups several similar emotions to form a rough category, and then employs a network to conduct a coarse but accurate classification. Later, Then, an additional network for these grouped emotions is further used to obtain fine-grained predictions. For SP, it improves the recognition capability of the model by capturing both universal and unique effective features. To be specific, the universal features denote the general characteristic of facial emotions and the unique features denote the specific characteristic of each facial expression. Experiments on Aff-Wild2 show the effectiveness of the proposed CFSP.      
### 28.Compositional Temporal Grounding with Structured Variational Cross-Graph Correspondence Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13049.pdf)
>  Temporal grounding in videos aims to localize one target video segment that semantically corresponds to a given query sentence. Thanks to the semantic diversity of natural language descriptions, temporal grounding allows activity grounding beyond pre-defined classes and has received increasing attention in recent years. The semantic diversity is rooted in the principle of compositionality in linguistics, where novel semantics can be systematically described by combining known words in novel ways (compositional generalization). However, current temporal grounding datasets do not specifically test for the compositional generalizability. To systematically measure the compositional generalizability of temporal grounding models, we introduce a new Compositional Temporal Grounding task and construct two new dataset splits, i.e., Charades-CG and ActivityNet-CG. Evaluating the state-of-the-art methods on our new dataset splits, we empirically find that they fail to generalize to queries with novel combinations of seen words. To tackle this challenge, we propose a variational cross-graph reasoning framework that explicitly decomposes video and language into multiple structured hierarchies and learns fine-grained semantic correspondence among them. Experiments illustrate the superior compositional generalizability of our approach. The repository of this work is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/YYJMJC/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> Compositional-Temporal-Grounding.      
### 29.A Simulation Benchmark for Vision-based Autonomous Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13048.pdf)
>  This work introduces a simulator benchmark for vision-based autonomous navigation. The simulator offers control over real world variables such as the environment, time of day, weather and traffic. The benchmark includes a modular integration of different components of a full autonomous visual navigation stack. In the experimental part of the paper, state-of-the-art visual localization methods are evaluated as a part of the stack in realistic navigation tasks. To the authors' best knowledge, the proposed benchmark is the first to study modern visual localization methods as part of a full autonomous visual navigation stack.      
### 30.Facial Action Unit Recognition With Multi-models Ensembling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13046.pdf)
>  The Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-wild (ABAW) 2022 Competition gives Affective Computing a large promotion. In this paper, we present our method of AU challenge in this Competition. We use improved IResnet100 as backbone. Then we train AU dataset in Aff-Wild2 on three pertained models pretrained by our private au and expression dataset, and Glint360K respectively. Finally, we ensemble the results of our models. We achieved F1 score (macro) 0.731 on AU validation set.      
### 31.Multi-modal Emotion Estimation for in-the-wild Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13032.pdf)
>  In this paper, we briefly introduce our submission to the Valence-Arousal Estimation Challenge of the 3rd Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-wild (ABAW) competition. Our method utilizes the multi-modal information, i.e., the visual and audio information, and employs a temporal encoder to model the temporal context in the videos. Besides, a smooth processor is applied to get more reasonable predictions, and a model ensemble strategy is used to improve the performance of our proposed method. The experiment results show that our method achieves 65.55% ccc for valence and 70.88% ccc for arousal on the validation set of the Aff-Wild2 dataset, which prove the effectiveness of our proposed method.      
### 32.CVF-SID: Cyclic multi-Variate Function for Self-Supervised Image Denoising by Disentangling Noise from Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13009.pdf)
>  Recently, significant progress has been made on image denoising with strong supervision from large-scale datasets. However, obtaining well-aligned noisy-clean training image pairs for each specific scenario is complicated and costly in practice. Consequently, applying a conventional supervised denoising network on in-the-wild noisy inputs is not straightforward. Although several studies have challenged this problem without strong supervision, they rely on less practical assumptions and cannot be applied to practical situations directly. To address the aforementioned challenges, we propose a novel and powerful self-supervised denoising method called CVF-SID based on a Cyclic multi-Variate Function (CVF) module and a self-supervised image disentangling (SID) framework. The CVF module can output multiple decomposed variables of the input and take a combination of the outputs back as an input in a cyclic manner. Our CVF-SID can disentangle a clean image and noise maps from the input by leveraging various self-supervised loss terms. Unlike several methods that only consider the signal-independent noise models, we also deal with signal-dependent noise components for real-world applications. Furthermore, we do not rely on any prior assumptions about the underlying noise distribution, making CVF-SID more generalizable toward realistic noise. Extensive experiments on real-world datasets show that CVF-SID achieves state-of-the-art self-supervised image denoising performance and is comparable to other existing approaches. The code is publicly available from <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Reyhanehne/CVF-SID_PyTorch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 33.Compound Domain Generalization via Meta-Knowledge Encoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13006.pdf)
>  Domain generalization (DG) aims to improve the generalization performance for an unseen target domain by using the knowledge of multiple seen source domains. Mainstream DG methods typically assume that the domain label of each source sample is known a priori, which is challenged to be satisfied in many real-world applications. In this paper, we study a practical problem of compound DG, which relaxes the discrete domain assumption to the mixed source domains setting. On the other hand, current DG algorithms prioritize the focus on semantic invariance across domains (one-vs-one), while paying less attention to the holistic semantic structure (many-vs-many). Such holistic semantic structure, referred to as meta-knowledge here, is crucial for learning generalizable representations. To this end, we present Compound Domain Generalization via Meta-Knowledge Encoding (COMEN), a general approach to automatically discover and model latent domains in two steps. Firstly, we introduce Style-induced Domain-specific Normalization (SDNorm) to re-normalize the multi-modal underlying distributions, thereby dividing the mixture of source domains into latent clusters. Secondly, we harness the prototype representations, the centroids of classes, to perform relational modeling in the embedding space with two parallel and complementary modules, which explicitly encode the semantic structure for the out-of-distribution generalization. Experiments on four standard DG benchmarks reveal that COMEN exceeds the state-of-the-art performance without the need of domain supervision.      
### 34.A Deep-Discrete Learning Framework for Spherical Surface Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12999.pdf)
>  Cortical surface registration is a fundamental tool for neuroimaging analysis that has been shown to improve the alignment of functional regions relative to volumetric approaches. Classically, image registration is performed by optimizing a complex objective similarity function, leading to long run times. This contributes to a convention for aligning all data to a global average reference frame that poorly reflects the underlying cortical heterogeneity. In this paper, we propose a novel unsupervised learning-based framework that converts registration to a multi-label classification problem, where each point in a low-resolution control grid deforms to one of fixed, finite number of endpoints. This is learned using a spherical geometric deep learning architecture, in an end-to-end unsupervised way, with regularization imposed using a deep Conditional Random Field (CRF). Experiments show that our proposed framework performs competitively, in terms of similarity and areal distortion, relative to the most popular classical surface registration algorithms and generates smoother deformations than other learning-based surface registration methods, even in subjects with atypical cortical morphology.      
### 35.Hierarchical Nearest Neighbor Graph Embedding for Efficient Dimensionality Reduction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12997.pdf)
>  Dimensionality reduction is crucial both for visualization and preprocessing high dimensional data for machine learning. We introduce a novel method based on a hierarchy built on 1-nearest neighbor graphs in the original space which is used to preserve the grouping properties of the data distribution on multiple levels. The core of the proposal is an optimization-free projection that is competitive with the latest versions of t-SNE and UMAP in performance and visualization quality while being an order of magnitude faster in run-time. Furthermore, its interpretable mechanics, the ability to project new data, and the natural separation of data clusters in visualizations make it a general purpose unsupervised dimension reduction technique. In the paper, we argue about the soundness of the proposed method and evaluate it on a diverse collection of datasets with sizes varying from 1K to 11M samples and dimensions from 28 to 16K. We perform comparisons with other state-of-the-art methods on multiple metrics and target dimensions highlighting its efficiency and performance. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/koulakis/h-nne" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 36.Learning Disentangled Representation for One-shot Progressive Face Swapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12985.pdf)
>  Although face swapping has attracted much attention in recent years, it remains a challenging problem. The existing methods leverage a large number of data samples to explore the intrinsic properties of face swapping without taking into account the semantic information of face images. Moreover, the representation of the identity information tends to be fixed, leading to suboptimal face swapping. In this paper, we present a simple yet efficient method named FaceSwapper, for one-shot face swapping based on Generative Adversarial Networks. Our method consists of a disentangled representation module and a semantic-guided fusion module. The disentangled representation module is composed of an attribute encoder and an identity encoder, which aims to achieve the disentanglement of the identity and the attribute information. The identity encoder is more flexible and the attribute encoder contains more details of the attributes than its competitors. Benefiting from the disentangled representation, FaceSwapper can swap face images progressively. In addition, semantic information is introduced into the semantic-guided fusion module to control the swapped area and model the pose and expression more accurately. The experimental results show that our method achieves state-of-the-art results on benchmark datasets with fewer training samples. Our code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/liqi-casia/FaceSwapper" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 37.Is Geometry Enough for Matching in Visual Localization?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12979.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose to go beyond the well-established approach to vision-based localization that relies on visual descriptor matching between a query image and a 3D point cloud. While matching keypoints via visual descriptors makes localization highly accurate, it has significant storage demands, raises privacy concerns and increases map maintenance complexity. To elegantly address those practical challenges for large-scale localization, we present GoMatch, an alternative to visual-based matching that solely relies on geometric information for matching image keypoints to maps, represented as sets of bearing vectors. Our novel bearing vectors representation of 3D points, significantly relieves the cross-domain challenge in geometric-based matching that prevented prior work to tackle localization in a realistic environment. With additional careful architecture design, GoMatch improves over prior geometric-based matching work with a reduction of ($10.67m, 95.7^{\circ}$) and ($1.43m$, $34.7^{\circ}$) in average median pose errors on Cambridge Landmarks and 7-Scenes, while requiring as little as $1.5/1.7\%$ of storage capacity in comparison to the best visual-based matching methods. This confirms its potential and feasibility for real-world localization and opens the door to future efforts in advancing city-scale visual localization methods that do not require storing visual descriptors.      
### 38.Focus-and-Detect: A Small Object Detection Framework for Aerial Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12976.pdf)
>  Despite recent advances, object detection in aerial images is still a challenging task. Specific problems in aerial images makes the detection problem harder, such as small objects, densely packed objects, objects in different sizes and with different orientations. To address small object detection problem, we propose a two-stage object detection framework called "Focus-and-Detect". The first stage which consists of an object detector network supervised by a Gaussian Mixture Model, generates clusters of objects constituting the focused regions. The second stage, which is also an object detector network, predicts objects within the focal regions. Incomplete Box Suppression (IBS) method is also proposed to overcome the truncation effect of region search approach. Results indicate that the proposed two-stage framework achieves an AP score of 42.06 on VisDrone validation dataset, surpassing all other state-of-the-art small object detection methods reported in the literature, to the best of authors' knowledge.      
### 39.Transformers Meet Visual Learning Understanding: A Comprehensive Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12944.pdf)
>  Dynamic attention mechanism and global modeling ability make Transformer show strong feature learning ability. In recent years, Transformer has become comparable to CNNs methods in computer vision. This review mainly investigates the current research progress of Transformer in image and video applications, which makes a comprehensive overview of Transformer in visual learning understanding. First, the attention mechanism is reviewed, which plays an essential part in Transformer. And then, the visual Transformer model and the principle of each module are introduced. Thirdly, the existing Transformer-based models are investigated, and their performance is compared in visual learning understanding applications. Three image tasks and two video tasks of computer vision are investigated. The former mainly includes image classification, object detection, and image segmentation. The latter contains object tracking and video classification. It is significant for comparing different models' performance in various tasks on several public benchmark data sets. Finally, ten general problems are summarized, and the developing prospects of the visual Transformer are given in this review.      
### 40.Towards Escaping from Language Bias and OCR Error: Semantics-Centered Text Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12929.pdf)
>  Texts in scene images convey critical information for scene understanding and reasoning. The abilities of reading and reasoning matter for the model in the text-based visual question answering (TextVQA) process. However, current TextVQA models do not center on the text and suffer from several limitations. The model is easily dominated by language biases and optical character recognition (OCR) errors due to the absence of semantic guidance in the answer prediction process. In this paper, we propose a novel Semantics-Centered Network (SC-Net) that consists of an instance-level contrastive semantic prediction module (ICSP) and a semantics-centered transformer module (SCT). Equipped with the two modules, the semantics-centered model can resist the language biases and the accumulated errors from OCR. Extensive experiments on TextVQA and ST-VQA datasets show the effectiveness of our model. SC-Net surpasses previous works with a noticeable margin and is more reasonable for the TextVQA task.      
### 41.The Fixed Sub-Center: A Better Way to Capture Data Complexity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12928.pdf)
>  Treating class with a single center may hardly capture data distribution complexities. Using multiple sub-centers is an alternative way to address this problem. However, highly correlated sub-classes, the classifier's parameters grow linearly with the number of classes, and lack of intra-class compactness are three typical issues that need to be addressed in existing multi-subclass methods. To this end, we propose to use Fixed Sub-Center (F-SC), which allows the model to create more discrepant sub-centers while saving memory and cutting computational costs considerably. The F-SC specifically, first samples a class center Ui for each class from a uniform distribution, and then generates a normal distribution for each class, where the mean is equal to Ui. Finally, the sub-centers are sampled based on the normal distribution corresponding to each class, and the sub-centers are fixed during the training process avoiding the overhead of gradient calculation. Moreover, F-SC penalizes the Euclidean distance between the samples and their corresponding sub-centers, it helps remain intra-compactness. The experimental results show that F-SC significantly improves the accuracy of both image classification and fine-grained recognition tasks.      
### 42.Learning Dense Correspondence from Synthetic Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12919.pdf)
>  Estimation of human shape and pose from a single image is a challenging task. It is an even more difficult problem to map the identified human shape onto a 3D human model. Existing methods map manually labelled human pixels in real 2D images onto the 3D surface, which is prone to human error, and the sparsity of available annotated data often leads to sub-optimal results. We propose to solve the problem of data scarcity by training 2D-3D human mapping algorithms using automatically generated synthetic data for which exact and dense 2D-3D correspondence is known. Such a learning strategy using synthetic environments has a high generalisation potential towards real-world data. Using different camera parameter variations, background and lighting settings, we created precise ground truth data that constitutes a wider distribution. We evaluate the performance of models trained on synthetic using the COCO dataset and validation framework. Results show that training 2D-3D mapping network models on synthetic data is a viable alternative to using real data.      
### 43.WarpingGAN: Warping Multiple Uniform Priors for Adversarial 3D Point Cloud Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12917.pdf)
>  We propose WarpingGAN, an effective and efficient 3D point cloud generation network. Unlike existing methods that generate point clouds by directly learning the mapping functions between latent codes and 3D shapes, Warping-GAN learns a unified local-warping function to warp multiple identical pre-defined priors (i.e., sets of points uniformly distributed on regular 3D grids) into 3D shapes driven by local structure-aware semantics. In addition, we also ingeniously utilize the principle of the discriminator and tailor a stitching loss to eliminate the gaps between different partitions of a generated shape corresponding to different priors for boosting quality. Owing to the novel generating mechanism, WarpingGAN, a single lightweight network after one-time training, is capable of efficiently generating uniformly distributed 3D point clouds with various resolutions. Extensive experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our WarpingGAN over state-of-the-art methods in terms of quantitative metrics, visual quality, and efficiency. The source code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yztang4/WarpingGAN.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 44.Neural Reflectance for Shape Recovery with Shadow Handling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12909.pdf)
>  This paper aims at recovering the shape of a scene with unknown, non-Lambertian, and possibly spatially-varying surface materials. When the shape of the object is highly complex and that shadows cast on the surface, the task becomes very challenging. To overcome these challenges, we propose a coordinate-based deep MLP (multilayer perceptron) to parameterize both the unknown 3D shape and the unknown reflectance at every surface point. This network is able to leverage the observed photometric variance and shadows on the surface, and recover both surface shape and general non-Lambertian reflectance. We explicitly predict cast shadows, mitigating possible artifacts on these shadowing regions, leading to higher estimation accuracy. Our framework is entirely self-supervised, in the sense that it requires neither ground truth shape nor BRDF. Tests on real-world images demonstrate that our method outperform existing methods by a significant margin. Thanks to the small size of the MLP-net, our method is an order of magnitude faster than previous CNN-based methods.      
### 45.Privileged Attribution Constrained Deep Networks for Facial Expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12905.pdf)
>  Facial Expression Recognition (FER) is crucial in many research domains because it enables machines to better understand human behaviours. FER methods face the problems of relatively small datasets and noisy data that don't allow classical networks to generalize well. To alleviate these issues, we guide the model to concentrate on specific facial areas like the eyes, the mouth or the eyebrows, which we argue are decisive to recognise facial expressions. We propose the Privileged Attribution Loss (PAL), a method that directs the attention of the model towards the most salient facial regions by encouraging its attribution maps to correspond to a heatmap formed by facial landmarks. Furthermore, we introduce several channel strategies that allow the model to have more degrees of freedom. The proposed method is independent of the backbone architecture and doesn't need additional semantic information at test time. Finally, experimental results show that the proposed PAL method outperforms current state-of-the-art methods on both RAF-DB and AffectNet.      
### 46.Expression Classification using Concatenation of Deep Neural Network for the 3rd ABAW3 Competition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12899.pdf)
>  For computers to recognize human emotions, expression classification is an equally important problem in the human-computer interaction area. In the 3rd Affective Behavior Analysis In-The-Wild competition, the task of expression classification includes 8 classes including 6 basic expressions of human faces from videos. In this paper, we perform combination representation from RegNet, Attention module, and Transformer Encoder for the expression classification task. We achieve 35.87 \% for F1-score on the validation set of Aff-Wild2 dataset. This result shows the effectiveness of the proposed architecture.      
### 47.FAMLP: A Frequency-Aware MLP-Like Architecture For Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12893.pdf)
>  MLP-like models built entirely upon multi-layer perceptrons have recently been revisited, exhibiting the comparable performance with transformers. It is one of most promising architectures due to the excellent trade-off between network capability and efficiency in the large-scale recognition tasks. However, its generalization performance to heterogeneous tasks is inferior to other architectures (e.g., CNNs and transformers) due to the extensive retention of domain information. To address this problem, we propose a novel frequency-aware MLP architecture, in which the domain-specific features are filtered out in the transformed frequency domain, augmenting the invariant descriptor for label prediction. Specifically, we design an adaptive Fourier filter layer, in which a learnable frequency filter is utilized to adjust the amplitude distribution by optimizing both the real and imaginary parts. A low-rank enhancement module is further proposed to rectify the filtered features by adding the low-frequency components from SVD decomposition. Finally, a momentum update strategy is utilized to stabilize the optimization to fluctuation of model parameters and inputs by the output distillation with weighted historical states. To our best knowledge, we are the first to propose a MLP-like backbone for domain generalization. Extensive experiments on three benchmarks demonstrate significant generalization performance, outperforming the state-of-the-art methods by a margin of 3%, 4% and 9%, respectively.      
### 48.Making Heads or Tails: Towards Semantically Consistent Visual Counterfactuals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12892.pdf)
>  A visual counterfactual explanation replaces image regions in a query image with regions from a distractor image such that the system's decision on the transformed image changes to the distractor class. In this work, we present a novel framework for computing visual counterfactual explanations based on two key ideas. First, we enforce that the \textit{replaced} and \textit{replacer} regions contain the same semantic part, resulting in more semantically consistent explanations. Second, we use multiple distractor images in a computationally efficient way and obtain more discriminative explanations with fewer region replacements. Our approach is $\mathbf{27\%}$ more semantically consistent and an order of magnitude faster than a competing method on three fine-grained image recognition datasets. We highlight the utility of our counterfactuals over existing works through machine teaching experiments where we teach humans to classify different bird species. We also complement our explanations with the vocabulary of parts and attributes that contributed the most to the system's decision. In this task as well, we obtain state-of-the-art results when using our counterfactual explanations relative to existing works, reinforcing the importance of semantically consistent explanations.      
### 49.An Ensemble Approach for Facial Expression Analysis in Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12891.pdf)
>  Human emotions recognization contributes to the development of human-computer interaction. The machines understanding human emotions in the real world will significantly contribute to life in the future. This paper will introduce the Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-wild (ABAW3) 2022 challenge. The paper focuses on solving the problem of the valence-arousal estimation and action unit detection. For valence-arousal estimation, we conducted two stages: creating new features from multimodel and temporal learning to predict valence-arousal. First, we make new features; the Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU) and Transformer are combined using a Regular Networks (RegNet) feature, which is extracted from the image. The next step is the GRU combined with Local Attention to predict valence-arousal. The Concordance Correlation Coefficient (CCC) was used to evaluate the model.      
### 50.Weakly-Supervised End-to-End CAD Retrieval to Scan Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12873.pdf)
>  CAD model retrieval to real-world scene observations has shown strong promise as a basis for 3D perception of objects and a clean, lightweight mesh-based scene representation; however, current approaches to retrieve CAD models to a query scan rely on expensive manual annotations of 1:1 associations of CAD-scan objects, which typically contain strong lower-level geometric differences. We thus propose a new weakly-supervised approach to retrieve semantically and structurally similar CAD models to a query 3D scanned scene without requiring any CAD-scan associations, and only object detection information as oriented bounding boxes. Our approach leverages a fully-differentiable top-$k$ retrieval layer, enabling end-to-end training guided by geometric and perceptual similarity of the top retrieved CAD models to the scan queries. We demonstrate that our weakly-supervised approach can outperform fully-supervised retrieval methods on challenging real-world ScanNet scans, and maintain robustness for unseen class categories, achieving significantly improved performance over fully-supervised state of the art in zero-shot CAD retrieval.      
### 51.Intrinsic Bias Identification on Medical Image Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12872.pdf)
>  Machine learning based medical image analysis highly depends on datasets. Biases in the dataset can be learned by the model and degrade the generalizability of the applications. There are studies on debiased models. However, scientists and practitioners are difficult to identify implicit biases in the datasets, which causes lack of reliable unbias test datasets to valid models. To tackle this issue, we first define the data intrinsic bias attribute, and then propose a novel bias identification framework for medical image datasets. The framework contains two major components, KlotskiNet and Bias Discriminant Direction Analysis(bdda), where KlostkiNet is to build the mapping which makes backgrounds to distinguish positive and negative samples and bdda provides a theoretical solution on determining bias attributes. Experimental results on three datasets show the effectiveness of the bias attributes discovered by the framework.      
### 52.RNNPose: Recurrent 6-DoF Object Pose Refinement with Robust Correspondence Field Estimation and Pose Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12870.pdf)
>  Direct estimating the 6-DoF object pose from a single color image is challenging, and post-refinement is generally needed to achieve high-precision estimation. In this paper, we propose a framework based on a recurrent neural network (RNN) for object pose refinement, which is robust to erroneous initial poses and occlusions. During the recurrent iterations, object pose refinement is formulated as a non-linear least squares problem based on the estimated correspondence field (between a rendered image and the observed image). The problem is then solved by a differentiable Levenberg-Marquardt (LM) algorithm for end-toend training. The correspondence field estimation and pose refinement are conducted alternatively in each iteration to recover accurate object poses. Furthermore, to improve the robustness to occlusions, we introduce a consistencycheck mechanism based on the learned descriptors of the 3D model and observed 2D image, which downweights the unreliable correspondences during pose optimization. Extensive experiments on LINEMOD, Occlusion-LINEMOD, and YCB-Video datasets validate the effectiveness of our method and demonstrate state-of-the-art performance.      
### 53.DyRep: Bootstrapping Training with Dynamic Re-parameterization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12868.pdf)
>  Structural re-parameterization (Rep) methods achieve noticeable improvements on simple VGG-style networks. Despite the prevalence, current Rep methods simply re-parameterize all operations into an augmented network, including those that rarely contribute to the model's performance. As such, the price to pay is an expensive computational overhead to manipulate these unnecessary behaviors. To eliminate the above caveats, we aim to bootstrap the training with minimal cost by devising a dynamic re-parameterization (DyRep) method, which encodes Rep technique into the training process that dynamically evolves the network structures. Concretely, our proposal adaptively finds the operations which contribute most to the loss in the network, and applies Rep to enhance their representational capacity. Besides, to suppress the noisy and redundant operations introduced by Rep, we devise a de-parameterization technique for a more compact re-parameterization. With this regard, DyRep is more efficient than Rep since it smoothly evolves the given network instead of constructing an over-parameterized network. Experimental results demonstrate our effectiveness, e.g., DyRep improves the accuracy of ResNet-18 by $2.04\%$ on ImageNet and reduces $22\%$ runtime over the baseline. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hunto/DyRep" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 54.Transformer Compressed Sensing via Global Image Tokens  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12861.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNN) have demonstrated outstanding Compressed Sensing (CS) performance compared to traditional, hand-crafted methods. However, they are broadly limited in terms of generalisability, inductive bias and difficulty to model long distance relationships. Transformer neural networks (TNN) overcome such issues by implementing an attention mechanism designed to capture dependencies between inputs. However, high-resolution tasks typically require vision Transformers (ViT) to decompose an image into patch-based tokens, limiting inputs to inherently local contexts. We propose a novel image decomposition that naturally embeds images into low-resolution inputs. These Kaleidoscope tokens (KD) provide a mechanism for global attention, at the same computational cost as a patch-based approach. To showcase this development, we replace CNN components in a well-known CS-MRI neural network with TNN blocks and demonstrate the improvements afforded by KD. We also propose an ensemble of image tokens, which enhance overall image quality and reduces model size. Supplementary material is available: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/uqmarlonbran/TCS.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/uqmarlonbran/TCS.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 55.Beyond Fixation: Dynamic Window Visual Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12856.pdf)
>  Recently, a surge of interest in visual transformers is to reduce the computational cost by limiting the calculation of self-attention to a local window. Most current work uses a fixed single-scale window for modeling by default, ignoring the impact of window size on model performance. However, this may limit the modeling potential of these window-based models for multi-scale information. In this paper, we propose a novel method, named Dynamic Window Vision Transformer (DW-ViT). The dynamic window strategy proposed by DW-ViT goes beyond the model that employs a fixed single window setting. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to use dynamic multi-scale windows to explore the upper limit of the effect of window settings on model performance. In DW-ViT, multi-scale information is obtained by assigning windows of different sizes to different head groups of window multi-head self-attention. Then, the information is dynamically fused by assigning different weights to the multi-scale window branches. We conducted a detailed performance evaluation on three datasets, ImageNet-1K, ADE20K, and COCO. Compared with related state-of-the-art (SoTA) methods, DW-ViT obtains the best performance. Specifically, compared with the current SoTA Swin Transformers \cite{liu2021swin}, DW-ViT has achieved consistent and substantial improvements on all three datasets with similar parameters and computational costs. In addition, DW-ViT exhibits good scalability and can be easily inserted into any window-based visual transformers.      
### 56.Semantic Image Manipulation with Background-guided Internal Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12849.pdf)
>  Image manipulation has attracted a lot of interest due to its wide range of applications. Prior work modifies images either from low-level manipulation, such as image inpainting or through manual edits via paintbrushes and scribbles, or from high-level manipulation, employing deep generative networks to output an image conditioned on high-level semantic input. In this study, we propose Semantic Image Manipulation with Background-guided Internal Learning (SIMBIL), which combines high-level and low-level manipulation. Specifically, users can edit an image at the semantic level by applying changes on a scene graph. Then our model manipulates the image at the pixel level according to the modified scene graph. There are two major advantages of our approach. First, high-level manipulation of scene graphs requires less manual effort from the user compared to manipulating raw image pixels. Second, our low-level internal learning approach is scalable to images of various sizes without reliance on external visual datasets for training. We outperform the state-of-the-art in a quantitative and qualitative evaluation on the CLEVR and Visual Genome datasets. Experiments show 8 points improvement on FID scores (CLEVR) and 27% improvement on user evaluation (Visual Genome), demonstrating the effectiveness of our approach.      
### 57.Keypoints Tracking via Transformer Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12848.pdf)
>  In this thesis, we propose a pioneering work on sparse keypoints tracking across images using transformer networks. While deep learning-based keypoints matching have been widely investigated using graph neural networks - and more recently transformer networks, they remain relatively too slow to operate in real-time and are particularly sensitive to the poor repeatability of the keypoints detectors. In order to address these shortcomings, we propose to study the particular case of real-time and robust keypoints tracking. Specifically, we propose a novel architecture which ensures a fast and robust estimation of the keypoints tracking between successive images of a video sequence. Our method takes advantage of a recent breakthrough in computer vision, namely, visual transformer networks. Our method consists of two successive stages, a coarse matching followed by a fine localization of the keypoints' correspondences prediction. Through various experiments, we demonstrate that our approach achieves competitive results and demonstrates high robustness against adverse conditions, such as illumination change, occlusion and viewpoint differences.      
### 58.Multiple Emotion Descriptors Estimation at the ABAW3 Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12845.pdf)
>  To describe complex emotional states, psychologists have proposed multiple emotion descriptors: sparse descriptors like facial action units; continuous descriptors like valence and arousal; and discrete class descriptors like happiness and anger. According to Ekman and Friesen, 1969, facial action units are sign vehicles that convey the emotion message, while discrete or continuous emotion descriptors are the messages perceived and expressed by human. <br>In this paper, we designed an architecture for multiple emotion descriptors estimation in participating the ABAW3 Challenge. Based on the theory of Ekman and Friesen, 1969, we designed distinct architectures to measure the sign vehicles (i.e., facial action units) and the message (i.e., discrete emotions, valence and arousal) given their different properties. The quantitative experiments on the ABAW3 challenge dataset has shown the superior performance of our approach over two baseline models.      
### 59.Bayesian Nonparametric Submodular Video Partition for Robust Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12840.pdf)
>  Multiple-instance learning (MIL) provides an effective way to tackle the video anomaly detection problem by modeling it as a weakly supervised problem as the labels are usually only available at the video level while missing for frames due to expensive labeling cost. We propose to conduct novel Bayesian non-parametric submodular video partition (BN-SVP) to significantly improve MIL model training that can offer a highly reliable solution for robust anomaly detection in practical settings that include outlier segments or multiple types of abnormal events. BN-SVP essentially performs dynamic non-parametric hierarchical clustering with an enhanced self-transition that groups segments in a video into temporally consistent and semantically coherent hidden states that can be naturally interpreted as scenes. Each segment is assumed to be generated through a non-parametric mixture process that allows variations of segments within the same scenes to accommodate the dynamic and noisy nature of many real-world surveillance videos. The scene and mixture component assignment of BN-SVP also induces a pairwise similarity among segments, resulting in non-parametric construction of a submodular set function. Integrating this function with an MIL loss effectively exposes the model to a diverse set of potentially positive instances to improve its training. A greedy algorithm is developed to optimize the submodular function and support efficient model training. Our theoretical analysis ensures a strong performance guarantee of the proposed algorithm. The effectiveness of the proposed approach is demonstrated over multiple real-world anomaly video datasets with robust detection performance.      
### 60.Industrial Style Transfer with Large-scale Geometric Warping and Content Preservation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12835.pdf)
>  We propose a novel style transfer method to quickly create a new visual product with a nice appearance for industrial designers' reference. Given a source product, a target product, and an art style image, our method produces a neural warping field that warps the source shape to imitate the geometric style of the target and a neural texture transformation network that transfers the artistic style to the warped source product. Our model, Industrial Style Transfer (InST), consists of large-scale geometric warping (LGW) and interest-consistency texture transfer (ICTT). LGW aims to explore an unsupervised transformation between the shape masks of the source and target products for fitting large-scale shape warping. Furthermore, we introduce a mask smoothness regularization term to prevent the abrupt changes of the details of the source product. ICTT introduces an interest regularization term to maintain important contents of the warped product when it is stylized by using the art style image. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that InST achieves state-of-the-art performance on multiple visual product design tasks, e.g., companies' snail logos and classical bottles (please see Fig. 1). To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to extend the neural style transfer method to create industrial product appearances. Project page: \ulr{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://jcyang98.github.io/InST/home.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. Code available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jcyang98/InST" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 61.AIMusicGuru: Music Assisted Human Pose Correction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12829.pdf)
>  Pose Estimation techniques rely on visual cues available through observations represented in the form of pixels. But the performance is bounded by the frame rate of the video and struggles from motion blur, occlusions, and temporal coherence. This issue is magnified when people are interacting with objects and instruments, for example playing the violin. Standard approaches for postprocessing use interpolation and smoothing functions to filter noise and fill gaps, but they cannot model highly non-linear motion. We present a method that leverages our understanding of the high degree of a causal relationship between the sound produced and the motion that produces them. We use the audio signature to refine and predict accurate human body pose motion models. We propose MAPnet (Music Assisted Pose network) for generating a fine grain motion model from sparse input pose sequences but continuous audio. To accelerate further research in this domain, we also open-source MAPdat, a new multi-modal dataset of 3D violin playing motion with music. We perform a comparison of different standard machine learning models and perform analysis on input modalities, sampling techniques, and audio and motion features. Experiments on MAPdat suggest multi-modal approaches like ours as a promising direction for tasks previously approached with visual methods only. Our results show both qualitatively and quantitatively how audio can be combined with visual observation to help improve any pose estimation methods.      
### 62.Sparse Instance Activation for Real-Time Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12827.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a conceptually novel, efficient, and fully convolutional framework for real-time instance segmentation. Previously, most instance segmentation methods heavily rely on object detection and perform mask prediction based on bounding boxes or dense centers. In contrast, we propose a sparse set of instance activation maps, as a new object representation, to highlight informative regions for each foreground object. Then instance-level features are obtained by aggregating features according to the highlighted regions for recognition and segmentation. Moreover, based on bipartite matching, the instance activation maps can predict objects in a one-to-one style, thus avoiding non-maximum suppression (NMS) in post-processing. Owing to the simple yet effective designs with instance activation maps, SparseInst has extremely fast inference speed and achieves 40 FPS and 37.9 AP on the COCO benchmark, which significantly outperforms the counterparts in terms of speed and accuracy. Code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hustvl/SparseInst" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 63.HMFS: Hybrid Masking for Few-Shot Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12826.pdf)
>  We study few-shot semantic segmentation that aims to segment a target object from a query image when provided with a few annotated support images of the target class. Several recent methods resort to a feature masking (FM) technique, introduced by [1], to discard irrelevant feature activations to facilitate reliable segmentation mask prediction. A fundamental limitation of FM is the inability to preserve the fine-grained spatial details that affect the accuracy of segmentation mask, especially for small target objects. In this paper, we develop a simple, effective, and efficient approach to enhance feature masking (FM). We dub the enhanced FM as hybrid masking (HM). Specifically, we compensate for the loss of fine-grained spatial details in FM technique by investigating and leveraging a complementary basic input masking method [2]. To validate the effectiveness of HM, we instantiate it into a strong baseline [3], and coin the resulting framework as HMFS. Experimental results on three publicly available benchmarks reveal that HMFS outperforms the current state-of-the-art methods by visible margins.      
### 64.Subjective and Objective Analysis of Streamed Gaming Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12824.pdf)
>  The rising popularity of online User-Generated-Content (UGC) in the form of streamed and shared videos, has hastened the development of perceptual Video Quality Assessment (VQA) models, which can be used to help optimize their delivery. Gaming videos, which are a relatively new type of UGC videos, are created when skilled gamers post videos of their gameplay. These kinds of screenshots of UGC gameplay videos have become extremely popular on major streaming platforms like YouTube and Twitch. Synthetically-generated gaming content presents challenges to existing VQA algorithms, including those based on natural scene/video statistics models. Synthetically generated gaming content presents different statistical behavior than naturalistic videos. A number of studies have been directed towards understanding the perceptual characteristics of professionally generated gaming videos arising in gaming video streaming, online gaming, and cloud gaming. However, little work has been done on understanding the quality of UGC gaming videos, and how it can be characterized and predicted. Towards boosting the progress of gaming video VQA model development, we conducted a comprehensive study of subjective and objective VQA models on UGC gaming videos. To do this, we created a novel UGC gaming video resource, called the LIVE-YouTube Gaming video quality (LIVE-YT-Gaming) database, comprised of 600 real UGC gaming videos. We conducted a subjective human study on this data, yielding 18,600 human quality ratings recorded by 61 human subjects. We also evaluated a number of state-of-the-art (SOTA) VQA models on the new database, including a new one, called GAME-VQP, based on both natural video statistics and CNN-learned features. To help support work in this field, we are making the new LIVE-YT-Gaming Database, publicly available through the link: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://live.ece.utexas.edu/research/LIVE-YT-Gaming/index.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 65.Random Forest Regression for continuous affect using Facial Action Units  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12818.pdf)
>  In this paper we describe our approach to the arousal and valence track of the 3rd Workshop and Competition on Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-wild (ABAW). We extracted facial features using OpenFace and used them to train a multiple output random forest regressor. Our approach performed comparable to the baseline approach.      
### 66.ViT-FOD: A Vision Transformer based Fine-grained Object Discriminator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12816.pdf)
>  Recently, several Vision Transformer (ViT) based methods have been proposed for Fine-Grained Visual Classification (FGVC).These methods significantly surpass existing CNN-based ones, demonstrating the effectiveness of ViT in FGVC tasks.However, there are some limitations when applying ViT directly to FGVC.First, ViT needs to split images into patches and calculate the attention of every pair, which may result in heavy redundant calculation and unsatisfying performance when handling fine-grained images with complex background and small objects.Second, a standard ViT only utilizes the class token in the final layer for classification, which is not enough to extract comprehensive fine-grained information. To address these issues, we propose a novel ViT based fine-grained object discriminator for FGVC tasks, ViT-FOD for short. Specifically, besides a ViT backbone, it further introduces three novel components, i.e, Attention Patch Combination (APC), Critical Regions Filter (CRF), and Complementary Tokens Integration (CTI). Thereinto, APC pieces informative patches from two images to generate a new image so that the redundant calculation can be reduced. CRF emphasizes tokens corresponding to discriminative regions to generate a new class token for subtle feature learning. To extract comprehensive information, CTI integrates complementary information captured by class tokens in different ViT layers. We conduct comprehensive experiments on widely used datasets and the results demonstrate that ViT-FOD is able to achieve state-of-the-art performance.      
### 67.Towards Efficient and Elastic Visual Question Answering with Doubly Slimmable Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12814.pdf)
>  Transformer-based approaches have shown great success in visual question answering (VQA). However, they usually require deep and wide models to guarantee good performance, making it difficult to deploy on capacity-restricted platforms. It is a challenging yet valuable task to design an elastic VQA model that supports adaptive pruning at runtime to meet the efficiency constraints of diverse platforms. In this paper, we present the Doubly Slimmable Transformer (DST), a general framework that can be seamlessly integrated into arbitrary Transformer-based VQA models to train one single model once and obtain various slimmed submodels of different widths and depths. Taking two typical Transformer-based VQA approaches, i.e., MCAN and UNITER, as the reference models, the obtained slimmable MCAN_DST and UNITER_DST models outperform the state-of-the-art methods trained independently on two benchmark datasets. In particular, one slimmed MCAN_DST submodel achieves a comparable accuracy on VQA-v2, while being 0.38x smaller in model size and having 0.27x fewer FLOPs than the reference MCAN model. The smallest MCAN_DST submodel has 9M parameters and 0.16G FLOPs in the inference stage, making it possible to be deployed on edge devices.      
### 68.Unsupervised Simultaneous Learning for Camera Re-Localization and Depth Estimation from Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12804.pdf)
>  We present an unsupervised simultaneous learning framework for the task of monocular camera re-localization and depth estimation from unlabeled video sequences. Monocular camera re-localization refers to the task of estimating the absolute camera pose from an instance image in a known environment, which has been intensively studied for alternative localization in GPS-denied environments. In recent works, camera re-localization methods are trained via supervised learning from pairs of camera images and camera poses. In contrast to previous works, we propose a completely unsupervised learning framework for camera re-localization and depth estimation, requiring only monocular video sequences for training. In our framework, we train two networks that estimate the scene coordinates using directions and the depth map from each image which are then combined to estimate the camera pose. The networks can be trained through the minimization of loss functions based on our loop closed view synthesis. In experiments with the 7-scenes dataset, the proposed method outperformed the re-localization of the state-of-the-art visual SLAM, ORB-SLAM3. Our method also outperforms state-of-the-art monocular depth estimation in a trained environment.      
### 69.Learning Motion-Dependent Appearance for High-Fidelity Rendering of Dynamic Humans from a Single Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12780.pdf)
>  Appearance of dressed humans undergoes a complex geometric transformation induced not only by the static pose but also by its dynamics, i.e., there exists a number of cloth geometric configurations given a pose depending on the way it has moved. Such appearance modeling conditioned on motion has been largely neglected in existing human rendering methods, resulting in rendering of physically implausible motion. A key challenge of learning the dynamics of the appearance lies in the requirement of a prohibitively large amount of observations. In this paper, we present a compact motion representation by enforcing equivariance -- a representation is expected to be transformed in the way that the pose is transformed. We model an equivariant encoder that can generate the generalizable representation from the spatial and temporal derivatives of the 3D body surface. This learned representation is decoded by a compositional multi-task decoder that renders high fidelity time-varying appearance. Our experiments show that our method can generate a temporally coherent video of dynamic humans for unseen body poses and novel views given a single view video.      
### 70.Multidimensional Belief Quantification for Label-Efficient Meta-Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12768.pdf)
>  Optimization-based meta-learning offers a promising direction for few-shot learning that is essential for many real-world computer vision applications. However, learning from few samples introduces uncertainty, and quantifying model confidence for few-shot predictions is essential for many critical domains. Furthermore, few-shot tasks used in meta training are usually sampled randomly from a task distribution for an iterative model update, leading to high labeling costs and computational overhead in meta-training. We propose a novel uncertainty-aware task selection model for label efficient meta-learning. The proposed model formulates a multidimensional belief measure, which can quantify the known uncertainty and lower bound the unknown uncertainty of any given task. Our theoretical result establishes an important relationship between the conflicting belief and the incorrect belief. The theoretical result allows us to estimate the total uncertainty of a task, which provides a principled criterion for task selection. A novel multi-query task formulation is further developed to improve both the computational and labeling efficiency of meta-learning. Experiments conducted over multiple real-world few-shot image classification tasks demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed model.      
### 71.UMT: Unified Multi-modal Transformers for Joint Video Moment Retrieval and Highlight Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12745.pdf)
>  Finding relevant moments and highlights in videos according to natural language queries is a natural and highly valuable common need in the current video content explosion era. Nevertheless, jointly conducting moment retrieval and highlight detection is an emerging research topic, even though its component problems and some related tasks have already been studied for a while. In this paper, we present the first unified framework, named Unified Multi-modal Transformers (UMT), capable of realizing such joint optimization while can also be easily degenerated for solving individual problems. As far as we are aware, this is the first scheme to integrate multi-modal (visual-audio) learning for either joint optimization or the individual moment retrieval task, and tackles moment retrieval as a keypoint detection problem using a novel query generator and query decoder. Extensive comparisons with existing methods and ablation studies on QVHighlights, Charades-STA, YouTube Highlights, and TVSum datasets demonstrate the effectiveness, superiority, and flexibility of the proposed method under various settings. Source code and pre-trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TencentARC/UMT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 72.What to Hide from Your Students: Attention-Guided Masked Image Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12719.pdf)
>  Transformers and masked language modeling are quickly being adopted and explored in computer vision as vision transformers and masked image modeling (MIM). In this work, we argue that image token masking is fundamentally different from token masking in text, due to the amount and correlation of tokens in an image. In particular, to generate a challenging pretext task for MIM, we advocate a shift from random masking to informed masking. We develop and exhibit this idea in the context of distillation-based MIM, where a teacher transformer encoder generates an attention map, which we use to guide masking for the student encoder. We thus introduce a novel masking strategy, called attention-guided masking (AttMask), and we demonstrate its effectiveness over random masking for dense distillation-based MIM as well as plain distillation-based self-supervised learning on classification tokens. We confirm that AttMask accelerates the learning process and improves the performance on a variety of downstream tasks.      
### 73.The Challenges of Continuous Self-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12710.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning (SSL) aims to eliminate one of the major bottlenecks in representation learning - the need for human annotations. As a result, SSL holds the promise to learn representations from data in-the-wild, i.e., without the need for finite and static datasets. Instead, true SSL algorithms should be able to exploit the continuous stream of data being generated on the internet or by agents exploring their environments. But do traditional self-supervised learning approaches work in this setup? In this work, we investigate this question by conducting experiments on the continuous self-supervised learning problem. While learning in the wild, we expect to see a continuous (infinite) non-IID data stream that follows a non-stationary distribution of visual concepts. The goal is to learn a representation that can be robust, adaptive yet not forgetful of concepts seen in the past. We show that a direct application of current methods to such continuous setup is 1) inefficient both computationally and in the amount of data required, 2) leads to inferior representations due to temporal correlations (non-IID data) in some sources of streaming data and 3) exhibits signs of catastrophic forgetting when trained on sources with non-stationary data distributions. We propose the use of replay buffers as an approach to alleviate the issues of inefficiency and temporal correlations. We further propose a novel method to enhance the replay buffer by maintaining the least redundant samples. Minimum redundancy (MinRed) buffers allow us to learn effective representations even in the most challenging streaming scenarios composed of sequential visual data obtained from a single embodied agent, and alleviates the problem of catastrophic forgetting when learning from data with non-stationary semantic distributions.      
### 74.Maximum Spatial Perturbation Consistency for Unpaired Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12707.pdf)
>  Unpaired image-to-image translation (I2I) is an ill-posed problem, as an infinite number of translation functions can map the source domain distribution to the target distribution. Therefore, much effort has been put into designing suitable constraints, e.g., cycle consistency (CycleGAN), geometry consistency (GCGAN), and contrastive learning-based constraints (CUTGAN), that help better pose the problem. However, these well-known constraints have limitations: (1) they are either too restrictive or too weak for specific I2I tasks; (2) these methods result in content distortion when there is a significant spatial variation between the source and target domains. This paper proposes a universal regularization technique called maximum spatial perturbation consistency (MSPC), which enforces a spatial perturbation function (T ) and the translation operator (G) to be commutative (i.e., TG = GT ). In addition, we introduce two adversarial training components for learning the spatial perturbation function. The first one lets T compete with G to achieve maximum perturbation. The second one lets G and T compete with discriminators to align the spatial variations caused by the change of object size, object distortion, background interruptions, etc. Our method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on most I2I benchmarks. We also introduce a new benchmark, namely the front face to profile face dataset, to emphasize the underlying challenges of I2I for real-world applications. We finally perform ablation experiments to study the sensitivity of our method to the severity of spatial perturbation and its effectiveness for distribution alignment.      
### 75.Learning to generate line drawings that convey geometry and semantics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12691.pdf)
>  This paper presents an unpaired method for creating line drawings from photographs. Current methods often rely on high quality paired datasets to generate line drawings. However, these datasets often have limitations due to the subjects of the drawings belonging to a specific domain, or in the amount of data collected. Although recent work in unsupervised image-to-image translation has shown much progress, the latest methods still struggle to generate compelling line drawings. We observe that line drawings are encodings of scene information and seek to convey 3D shape and semantic meaning. We build these observations into a set of objectives and train an image translation to map photographs into line drawings. We introduce a geometry loss which predicts depth information from the image features of a line drawing, and a semantic loss which matches the CLIP features of a line drawing with its corresponding photograph. Our approach outperforms state-of-the-art unpaired image translation and line drawing generation methods on creating line drawings from arbitrary photographs. For code and demo visit our webpage <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://carolineec.github.io/informative_drawings" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 76.Revisiting Multi-Scale Feature Fusion for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12683.pdf)
>  It is commonly believed that high internal resolution combined with expensive operations (e.g. atrous convolutions) are necessary for accurate semantic segmentation, resulting in slow speed and large memory usage. In this paper, we question this belief and demonstrate that neither high internal resolution nor atrous convolutions are necessary. Our intuition is that although segmentation is a dense per-pixel prediction task, the semantics of each pixel often depend on both nearby neighbors and far-away context; therefore, a more powerful multi-scale feature fusion network plays a critical role. Following this intuition, we revisit the conventional multi-scale feature space (typically capped at P5) and extend it to a much richer space, up to P9, where the smallest features are only 1/512 of the input size and thus have very large receptive fields. To process such a rich feature space, we leverage the recent BiFPN to fuse the multi-scale features. Based on these insights, we develop a simplified segmentation model, named ESeg, which has neither high internal resolution nor expensive atrous convolutions. Perhaps surprisingly, our simple method can achieve better accuracy with faster speed than prior art across multiple datasets. In real-time settings, ESeg-Lite-S achieves 76.0% mIoU on CityScapes [12] at 189 FPS, outperforming FasterSeg [9] (73.1% mIoU at 170 FPS). Our ESeg-Lite-L runs at 79 FPS and achieves 80.1% mIoU, largely closing the gap between real-time and high-performance segmentation models.      
### 77.Vision-and-Language Navigation: A Survey of Tasks, Methods, and Future Directions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12667.pdf)
>  A long-term goal of AI research is to build intelligent agents that can communicate with humans in natural language, perceive the environment, and perform real-world tasks. Vision-and-Language Navigation (VLN) is a fundamental and interdisciplinary research topic towards this goal, and receives increasing attention from natural language processing, computer vision, robotics, and machine learning communities. In this paper, we review contemporary studies in the emerging field of VLN, covering tasks, evaluation metrics, methods, etc. Through structured analysis of current progress and challenges, we highlight the limitations of current VLN and opportunities for future work. This paper serves as a thorough reference for the VLN research community.      
### 78.Learning Scene Flow in 3D Point Clouds with Noisy Pseudo Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12655.pdf)
>  We propose a novel scene flow method that captures 3D motions from point clouds without relying on ground-truth scene flow annotations. Due to the irregularity and sparsity of point clouds, it is expensive and time-consuming to acquire ground-truth scene flow annotations. Some state-of-the-art approaches train scene flow networks in a self-supervised learning manner via approximating pseudo scene flow labels from point clouds. However, these methods fail to achieve the performance level of fully supervised methods, due to the limitations of point cloud such as sparsity and lacking color information. To provide an alternative, we propose a novel approach that utilizes monocular RGB images and point clouds to generate pseudo scene flow labels for training scene flow networks. Our pseudo label generation module infers pseudo scene labels for point clouds by jointly leveraging rich appearance information in monocular images and geometric information of point clouds. To further reduce the negative effect of noisy pseudo labels on the training, we propose a noisy-label-aware training scheme by exploiting the geometric relations of points. Experiment results show that our method not only outperforms state-of-the-art self-supervised approaches, but also outperforms some supervised approaches that use accurate ground-truth flows.      
### 79.Q-FW: A Hybrid Classical-Quantum Frank-Wolfe for Quadratic Binary Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12633.pdf)
>  We present a hybrid classical-quantum framework based on the Frank-Wolfe algorithm, Q-FW, for solving quadratic, linearly-constrained, binary optimization problems on quantum annealers (QA). The computational premise of quantum computers has cultivated the re-design of various existing vision problems into quantum-friendly forms. Experimental QA realizations can solve a particular non-convex problem known as the quadratic unconstrained binary optimization (QUBO). Yet a naive-QUBO cannot take into account the restrictions on the parameters. To introduce additional structure in the parameter space, researchers have crafted ad-hoc solutions incorporating (linear) constraints in the form of regularizers. However, this comes at the expense of a hyper-parameter, balancing the impact of regularization. To date, a true constrained solver of quadratic binary optimization (QBO) problems has lacked. Q-FW first reformulates constrained-QBO as a copositive program (CP), then employs Frank-Wolfe iterations to solve CP while satisfying linear (in)equality constraints. This procedure unrolls the original constrained-QBO into a set of unconstrained QUBOs all of which are solved, in a sequel, on a QA. We use D-Wave Advantage QA to conduct synthetic and real experiments on two important computer vision problems, graph matching and permutation synchronization, which demonstrate that our approach is effective in alleviating the need for an explicit regularization coefficient.      
### 80.Dexterous Imitation Made Easy: A Learning-Based Framework for Efficient Dexterous Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13251.pdf)
>  Optimizing behaviors for dexterous manipulation has been a longstanding challenge in robotics, with a variety of methods from model-based control to model-free reinforcement learning having been previously explored in literature. Perhaps one of the most powerful techniques to learn complex manipulation strategies is imitation learning. However, collecting and learning from demonstrations in dexterous manipulation is quite challenging. The complex, high-dimensional action-space involved with multi-finger control often leads to poor sample efficiency of learning-based methods. In this work, we propose 'Dexterous Imitation Made Easy' (DIME) a new imitation learning framework for dexterous manipulation. DIME only requires a single RGB camera to observe a human operator and teleoperate our robotic hand. Once demonstrations are collected, DIME employs standard imitation learning methods to train dexterous manipulation policies. On both simulation and real robot benchmarks we demonstrate that DIME can be used to solve complex, in-hand manipulation tasks such as 'flipping', 'spinning', and 'rotating' objects with the Allegro hand. Our framework along with pre-collected demonstrations is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://nyu-robot-learning.github.io/dime" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 81.Decouple-and-Sample: Protecting sensitive information in task agnostic data release  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13204.pdf)
>  We propose sanitizer, a framework for secure and task-agnostic data release. While releasing datasets continues to make a big impact in various applications of computer vision, its impact is mostly realized when data sharing is not inhibited by privacy concerns. We alleviate these concerns by sanitizing datasets in a two-stage process. First, we introduce a global decoupling stage for decomposing raw data into sensitive and non-sensitive latent representations. Secondly, we design a local sampling stage to synthetically generate sensitive information with differential privacy and merge it with non-sensitive latent features to create a useful representation while preserving the privacy. This newly formed latent information is a task-agnostic representation of the original dataset with anonymized sensitive information. While most algorithms sanitize data in a task-dependent manner, a few task-agnostic sanitization techniques sanitize data by censoring sensitive information. In this work, we show that a better privacy-utility trade-off is achieved if sensitive information can be synthesized privately. We validate the effectiveness of the sanitizer by outperforming state-of-the-art baselines on the existing benchmark tasks and demonstrating tasks that are not possible using existing techniques.      
### 82.X-ray Dissectography Improves Lung Nodule Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13118.pdf)
>  Although radiographs are the most frequently used worldwide due to their cost-effectiveness and widespread accessibility, the structural superposition along the x-ray paths often renders suspicious or concerning lung nodules difficult to detect. In this study, we apply "X-ray dissectography" to dissect lungs digitally from a few radiographic projections, suppress the interference of irrelevant structures, and improve lung nodule detectability. For this purpose, a collaborative detection network is designed to localize lung nodules in 2D dissected projections and 3D physical space. Our experimental results show that our approach can significantly improve the average precision by 20+% in comparison with the common baseline that detects lung nodules from original projections using a popular detection network. Potentially, this approach could help re-design the current X-ray imaging protocols and workflows and improve the diagnostic performance of chest radiographs in lung diseases.      
### 83.Bailando: 3D Dance Generation by Actor-Critic GPT with Choreographic Memory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13055.pdf)
>  Driving 3D characters to dance following a piece of music is highly challenging due to the spatial constraints applied to poses by choreography norms. In addition, the generated dance sequence also needs to maintain temporal coherency with different music genres. To tackle these challenges, we propose a novel music-to-dance framework, Bailando, with two powerful components: 1) a choreographic memory that learns to summarize meaningful dancing units from 3D pose sequence to a quantized codebook, 2) an actor-critic Generative Pre-trained Transformer (GPT) that composes these units to a fluent dance coherent to the music. With the learned choreographic memory, dance generation is realized on the quantized units that meet high choreography standards, such that the generated dancing sequences are confined within the spatial constraints. To achieve synchronized alignment between diverse motion tempos and music beats, we introduce an actor-critic-based reinforcement learning scheme to the GPT with a newly-designed beat-align reward function. Extensive experiments on the standard benchmark demonstrate that our proposed framework achieves state-of-the-art performance both qualitatively and quantitatively. Notably, the learned choreographic memory is shown to discover human-interpretable dancing-style poses in an unsupervised manner.      
### 84.Interpretable Prediction of Pulmonary Hypertension in Newborns using Echocardiograms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13038.pdf)
>  Pulmonary hypertension (PH) in newborns and infants is a complex condition associated with several pulmonary, cardiac, and systemic diseases contributing to morbidity and mortality. Therefore, accurate and early detection of PH is crucial for successful management. Using echocardiography, the primary diagnostic tool in pediatrics, human assessment is both time-consuming and expertise-demanding, raising the need for an automated approach. In this work, we present an interpretable multi-view video-based deep learning approach to predict PH for a cohort of 194 newborns using echocardiograms. We use spatio-temporal convolutional architectures for the prediction of PH from each view, and aggregate the predictions of the different views using majority voting. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work for an automated assessment of PH in newborns using echocardiograms. Our results show a mean F1-score of 0.84 for severity prediction and 0.92 for binary detection using 10-fold cross-validation. We complement our predictions with saliency maps and show that the learned model focuses on clinically relevant cardiac structures, motivating its usage in clinical practice.      
### 85.Continuous Emotion Recognition using Visual-audio-linguistic information: A Technical Report for ABAW3  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13031.pdf)
>  We propose a cross-modal co-attention model for continuous emotion recognition using visual-audio-linguistic information. The model consists of four blocks. The visual, audio, and linguistic blocks are used to learn the spatial-temporal features of the multimodal input. A co-attention block is designed to fuse the learned enbeddings with the multihead co-attention mechanism. The visual encoding from the visual block is concatenated with the attention feature to emphasize the visual information. To make full use of the data and alleviate over-fitting, the cross-validation is carried out on the training and validation set. The concordance correlation coefficient (CCC) centering is used to merge the results from each fold. The achieved CCC on validation set is 0.450 for valence and 0.651 for arousal, which significantly outperforms the baseline method with the corresponding CCC of 0.310 and 0.170, respectively. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sucv/ABAW3" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 86.NPC: Neuron Path Coverage via Characterizing Decision Logic of Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12915.pdf)
>  Deep learning has recently been widely applied to many applications across different domains, e.g., image classification and audio recognition. However, the quality of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) still raises concerns in the practical operational environment, which calls for systematic testing, especially in safety-critical scenarios. Inspired by software testing, a number of structural coverage criteria are designed and proposed to measure the test adequacy of DNNs. However, due to the blackbox nature of DNN, the existing structural coverage criteria are difficult to interpret, making it hard to understand the underlying principles of these criteria. The relationship between the structural coverage and the decision logic of DNNs is unknown. Moreover, recent studies have further revealed the non-existence of correlation between the structural coverage and DNN defect detection, which further posts concerns on what a suitable DNN testing criterion should be. <br>In this paper, we propose the interpretable coverage criteria through constructing the decision structure of a DNN. Mirroring the control flow graph of the traditional program, we first extract a decision graph from a DNN based on its interpretation, where a path of the decision graph represents a decision logic of the DNN. Based on the control flow and data flow of the decision graph, we propose two variants of path coverage to measure the adequacy of the test cases in exercising the decision logic. The higher the path coverage, the more diverse decision logic the DNN is expected to be explored. Our large-scale evaluation results demonstrate that: the path in the decision graph is effective in characterizing the decision of the DNN, and the proposed coverage criteria are also sensitive with errors including natural errors and adversarial examples, and strongly correlated with the output impartiality.      
### 87.Direct evaluation of progression or regression of disease burden in brain metastatic disease with Deep Neuroevolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12853.pdf)
>  Purpose: A core component of advancing cancer treatment research is assessing response to therapy. Doing so by hand, for example as per RECIST or RANO criteria, is tedious, time-consuming, and can miss important tumor response information; most notably, they exclude non-target lesions. We wish to assess change in a holistic fashion that includes all lesions, obtaining simple, informative, and automated assessments of tumor progression or regression. Due to often low patient enrolments in clinical trials, we wish to make response assessments with small training sets. Deep neuroevolution (DNE) can produce radiology artificial intelligence (AI) that performs well on small training sets. Here we use DNE for function approximation that predicts progression versus regression of metastatic brain disease. <br>Methods: We analyzed 50 pairs of MRI contrast-enhanced images as our training set. Half of these pairs, separated in time, qualified as disease progression, while the other 25 images constituted regression. We trained the parameters of a relatively small CNN via mutations that consisted of random CNN weight adjustments and mutation fitness. We then incorporated the best mutations into the next generations CNN, repeating this process for approximately 50,000 generations. We applied the CNNs to our training set, as well as a separate testing set with the same class balance of 25 progression and 25 regression images. <br>Results: DNE achieved monotonic convergence to 100% training set accuracy. DNE also converged monotonically to 100% testing set accuracy. <br>Conclusion: DNE can accurately classify brain-metastatic disease progression versus regression. Future work will extend the input from 2D image slices to full 3D volumes, and include the category of no change. We believe that an approach such as our could ultimately provide a useful adjunct to RANO/RECIST assessment.      
### 88.Steganalysis of Image with Adaptively Parametric Activation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12843.pdf)
>  Steganalysis as a method to detect whether image contains se-cret message, is a crucial study avoiding the imperils from abus-ing steganography. The point of steganalysis is to detect the weak embedding signals which is hardly learned by convolution-al layer and easily suppressed. In this paper, to enhance embed-ding signals, we study the insufficiencies of activation function, filters and loss function from the aspects of reduce embedding signal loss and enhance embedding signal capture ability. Adap-tive Parametric Activation Module is designed to reserve nega-tive embedding signal. For embedding signal capture ability enhancement, we add constraints on the high-pass filters to im-prove residual diversity which enables the filters extracts rich embedding signals. Besides, a loss function based on contrastive learning is applied to overcome the limitations of cross-entropy loss by maximum inter-class distance. It helps the network make a distinction between embedding signals and semantic edges. We use images from BOSSbase 1.01 and make stegos by WOW and S-UNIWARD for experiments. Compared to state-of-the-art methods, our method has a competitive performance.      
### 89.When Accuracy Meets Privacy: Two-Stage Federated Transfer Learning Framework in Classification of Medical Images on Limited Data: A COVID-19 Case Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12803.pdf)
>  COVID-19 pandemic has spread rapidly and caused a shortage of global medical resources. The efficiency of COVID-19 diagnosis has become highly significant. As deep learning and convolutional neural network (CNN) has been widely utilized and been verified in analyzing medical images, it has become a powerful tool for computer-assisted diagnosis. However, there are two most significant challenges in medical image classification with the help of deep learning and neural networks, one of them is the difficulty of acquiring enough samples, which may lead to model overfitting. Privacy concerns mainly bring the other challenge since medical-related records are often deemed patients' private information and protected by laws such as GDPR and HIPPA. Federated learning can ensure the model training is decentralized on different devices and no data is shared among them, which guarantees privacy. However, with data located on different devices, the accessible data of each device could be limited. Since transfer learning has been verified in dealing with limited data with good performance, therefore, in this paper, We made a trial to implement federated learning and transfer learning techniques using CNNs to classify COVID-19 using lung CT scans. We also explored the impact of dataset distribution at the client-side in federated learning and the number of training epochs a model is trained. Finally, we obtained very high performance with federated learning, demonstrating our success in leveraging accuracy and privacy.      
### 90.Enhancing Classifier Conservativeness and Robustness by Polynomiality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12693.pdf)
>  We illustrate the detrimental effect, such as overconfident decisions, that exponential behavior can have in methods like classical LDA and logistic regression. We then show how polynomiality can remedy the situation. This, among others, leads purposefully to random-level performance in the tails, away from the bulk of the training data. A directly related, simple, yet important technical novelty we subsequently present is softRmax: a reasoned alternative to the standard softmax function employed in contemporary (deep) neural networks. It is derived through linking the standard softmax to Gaussian class-conditional models, as employed in LDA, and replacing those by a polynomial alternative. We show that two aspects of softRmax, conservativeness and inherent gradient regularization, lead to robustness against adversarial attacks without gradient obfuscation.      
### 91.Affective Feedback Synthesis Towards Multimodal Text and Image Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12692.pdf)
>  In this paper, we have defined a novel task of affective feedback synthesis that deals with generating feedback for input text &amp; corresponding image in a similar way as humans respond towards the multimodal data. A feedback synthesis system has been proposed and trained using ground-truth human comments along with image-text input. We have also constructed a large-scale dataset consisting of image, text, Twitter user comments, and the number of likes for the comments by crawling the news articles through Twitter feeds. The proposed system extracts textual features using a transformer-based textual encoder while the visual features have been extracted using a Faster region-based convolutional neural networks model. The textual and visual features have been concatenated to construct the multimodal features using which the decoder synthesizes the feedback. We have compared the results of the proposed system with the baseline models using quantitative and qualitative measures. The generated feedbacks have been analyzed using automatic and human evaluation. They have been found to be semantically similar to the ground-truth comments and relevant to the given text-image input.      
### 92.Vision-Based Manipulators Need to Also See from Their Hands  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12677.pdf)
>  We study how the choice of visual perspective affects learning and generalization in the context of physical manipulation from raw sensor observations. Compared with the more commonly used global third-person perspective, a hand-centric (eye-in-hand) perspective affords reduced observability, but we find that it consistently improves training efficiency and out-of-distribution generalization. These benefits hold across a variety of learning algorithms, experimental settings, and distribution shifts, and for both simulated and real robot apparatuses. However, this is only the case when hand-centric observability is sufficient; otherwise, including a third-person perspective is necessary for learning, but also harms out-of-distribution generalization. To mitigate this, we propose to regularize the third-person information stream via a variational information bottleneck. On six representative manipulation tasks with varying hand-centric observability adapted from the Meta-World benchmark, this results in a state-of-the-art reinforcement learning agent operating from both perspectives improving its out-of-distribution generalization on every task. While some practitioners have long put cameras in the hands of robots, our work systematically analyzes the benefits of doing so and provides simple and broadly applicable insights for improving end-to-end learned vision-based robotic manipulation.      
### 93.Computed Tomography Reconstruction using Generative Energy-Based Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12658.pdf)
>  In the past decades, Computed Tomography (CT) has established itself as one of the most important imaging techniques in medicine. Today, the applicability of CT is only limited by the deposited radiation dose, reduction of which manifests in noisy or incomplete measurements. Thus, the need for robust reconstruction algorithms arises. In this work, we learn a parametric regularizer with a global receptive field by maximizing it's likelihood on reference CT data. Due to this unsupervised learning strategy, our trained regularizer truly represents higher-level domain statistics, which we empirically demonstrate by synthesizing CT images. Moreover, this regularizer can easily be applied to different CT reconstruction problems by embedding it in a variational framework, which increases flexibility and interpretability compared to feed-forward learning-based approaches. In addition, the accompanying probabilistic perspective enables experts to explore the full posterior distribution and may quantify uncertainty of the reconstruction approach. We apply the regularizer to limited-angle and few-view CT reconstruction problems, where it outperforms traditional reconstruction algorithms by a large margin.      
### 94.MR Image Denoising and Super-Resolution Using Regularized Reverse Diffusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12621.pdf)
>  Patient scans from MRI often suffer from noise, which hampers the diagnostic capability of such images. As a method to mitigate such artifact, denoising is largely studied both within the medical imaging community and beyond the community as a general subject. However, recent deep neural network-based approaches mostly rely on the minimum mean squared error (MMSE) estimates, which tend to produce a blurred output. Moreover, such models suffer when deployed in real-world sitautions: out-of-distribution data, and complex noise distributions that deviate from the usual parametric noise models. In this work, we propose a new denoising method based on score-based reverse diffusion sampling, which overcomes all the aforementioned drawbacks. Our network, trained only with coronal knee scans, excels even on out-of-distribution in vivo liver MRI data, contaminated with complex mixture of noise. Even more, we propose a method to enhance the resolution of the denoised image with the same network. With extensive experiments, we show that our method establishes state-of-the-art performance, while having desirable properties which prior MMSE denoisers did not have: flexibly choosing the extent of denoising, and quantifying uncertainty.      
### 95.Evaluation of Non-Invasive Thermal Imaging for detection of Viability of Onchocerciasis worms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.12620.pdf)
>  Onchocerciasis is causing blindness in over half a million people in the world today. Drug development for the disease is crippled as there is no way of measuring effectiveness of the drug without an invasive procedure. Drug efficacy measurement through assessment of viability of onchocerca worms requires the patients to undergo nodulectomy which is invasive, expensive, time-consuming, skill-dependent, infrastructure dependent and lengthy process. In this paper, we discuss the first-ever study that proposes use of machine learning over thermal imaging to non-invasively and accurately predict the viability of worms. The key contributions of the paper are (i) a unique thermal imaging protocol along with pre-processing steps such as alignment, registration and segmentation to extract interpretable features (ii) extraction of relevant semantic features (iii) development of accurate classifiers for detecting the existence of viable worms in a nodule. When tested on a prospective test data of 30 participants with 48 palpable nodules, we achieved an Area Under the Curve (AUC) of 0.85.      
