# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 10 Mar 2022
### 1.On the surprising tradeoff between ImageNet accuracy and perceptual similarity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04946.pdf)
>  Perceptual distances between images, as measured in the space of pre-trained deep features, have outperformed prior low-level, pixel-based metrics on assessing image similarity. While the capabilities of older and less accurate models such as AlexNet and VGG to capture perceptual similarity are well known, modern and more accurate models are less studied. First, we observe a surprising inverse correlation between ImageNet accuracy and Perceptual Scores of modern networks such as ResNets, EfficientNets, and Vision Transformers: that is better classifiers achieve worse Perceptual Scores. Then, we perform a large-scale study and examine the ImageNet accuracy/Perceptual Score relationship on varying the depth, width, number of training steps, weight decay, label smoothing, and dropout. Higher accuracy improves Perceptual Score up to a certain point, but we uncover a Pareto frontier between accuracies and Perceptual Score in the mid-to-high accuracy regime. We explore this relationship further using distortion invariance, spatial frequency sensitivity, and alternative perceptual functions. Interestingly we discover shallow ResNets, trained for less than 5 epochs only on ImageNet, whose emergent Perceptual Score matches the prior best networks trained directly on supervised human perceptual judgements.      
### 2.Leveling Down in Computer Vision: Pareto Inefficiencies in Fair Deep Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04913.pdf)
>  Algorithmic fairness is frequently motivated in terms of a trade-off in which overall performance is decreased so as to improve performance on disadvantaged groups where the algorithm would otherwise be less accurate. Contrary to this, we find that applying existing fairness approaches to computer vision improve fairness by degrading the performance of classifiers across all groups (with increased degradation on the best performing groups). <br>Extending the bias-variance decomposition for classification to fairness, we theoretically explain why the majority of fairness classifiers designed for low capacity models should not be used in settings involving high-capacity models, a scenario common to computer vision. We corroborate this analysis with extensive experimental support that shows that many of the fairness heuristics used in computer vision also degrade performance on the most disadvantaged groups. Building on these insights, we propose an adaptive augmentation strategy that, uniquely, of all methods tested, improves performance for the disadvantaged groups.      
### 3.Pose Guided Multi-person Image Generation From Text  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04907.pdf)
>  Transformers have recently been shown to generate high quality images from texts. However, existing methods struggle to create high fidelity full-body images, especially multiple people. A person's pose has a high degree of freedom that is difficult to describe using words only; this creates errors in the generated image, such as incorrect body proportions and pose. We propose a pose-guided text-to-image model, using pose as an additional input constraint. Using the proposed Keypoint Pose Encoding (KPE) to encode human pose into low dimensional representation, our model can generate novel multi-person images accurately representing the pose and text descriptions provided, with minimal errors. We demonstrate that KPE is invariant to changes in the target image domain and image resolution; we show results on the Deepfashion dataset and create a new multi-person Deepfashion dataset to demonstrate the multi-capabilities of our approach.      
### 4.What Matters For Meta-Learning Vision Regression Tasks?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04905.pdf)
>  Meta-learning is widely used in few-shot classification and function regression due to its ability to quickly adapt to unseen tasks. However, it has not yet been well explored on regression tasks with high dimensional inputs such as images. This paper makes two main contributions that help understand this barely explored area. \emph{First}, we design two new types of cross-category level vision regression tasks, namely object discovery and pose estimation of unprecedented complexity in the meta-learning domain for computer vision. To this end, we (i) exhaustively evaluate common meta-learning techniques on these tasks, and (ii) quantitatively analyze the effect of various deep learning techniques commonly used in recent meta-learning algorithms in order to strengthen the generalization capability: data augmentation, domain randomization, task augmentation and meta-regularization. Finally, we (iii) provide some insights and practical recommendations for training meta-learning algorithms on vision regression tasks. \emph{Second}, we propose the addition of functional contrastive learning (FCL) over the task representations in Conditional Neural Processes (CNPs) and train in an end-to-end fashion. The experimental results show that the results of prior work are misleading as a consequence of a poor choice of the loss function as well as too small meta-training sets. Specifically, we find that CNPs outperform MAML on most tasks without fine-tuning. Furthermore, we observe that naive task augmentation without a tailored design results in underfitting.      
### 5.Joint Learning of Salient Object Detection, Depth Estimation and Contour Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04895.pdf)
>  Benefiting from color independence, illumination invariance and location discrimination attributed by the depth map, it can provide important supplemental information for extracting salient objects in complex environments. However, high-quality depth sensors are expensive and can not be widely applied. While general depth sensors produce the noisy and sparse depth information, which brings the depth-based networks with irreversible interference. In this paper, we propose a novel multi-task and multi-modal filtered transformer (MMFT) network for RGB-D salient object detection (SOD). Specifically, we unify three complementary tasks: depth estimation, salient object detection and contour estimation. The multi-task mechanism promotes the model to learn the task-aware features from the auxiliary tasks. In this way, the depth information can be completed and purified. Moreover, we introduce a multi-modal filtered transformer (MFT) module, which equips with three modality-specific filters to generate the transformer-enhanced feature for each modality. The proposed model works in a depth-free style during the testing phase. Experiments show that it not only significantly surpasses the depth-based RGB-D SOD methods on multiple datasets, but also precisely predicts a high-quality depth map and salient contour at the same time. And, the resulted depth map can help existing RGB-D SOD methods obtain significant performance gain.      
### 6.Low-light Image and Video Enhancement via Selective Manipulation of Chromaticity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04889.pdf)
>  Image acquisition in low-light conditions suffers from poor quality and significant degradation in visual aesthetics. This affects the visual perception of the acquired image and the performance of various computer vision and image processing algorithms applied after acquisition. Especially for videos, the additional temporal domain makes it more challenging, wherein we need to preserve quality in a temporally coherent manner. We present a simple yet effective approach for low-light image and video enhancement. To this end, we introduce "Adaptive Chromaticity", which refers to an adaptive computation of image chromaticity. The above adaptivity allows us to avoid the costly step of low-light image decomposition into illumination and reflectance, employed by many existing techniques. All stages in our method consist of only point-based operations and high-pass or low-pass filtering, thereby ensuring that the amount of temporal incoherence is negligible when applied on a per-frame basis for videos. Our results on standard lowlight image datasets show the efficacy of our algorithm and its qualitative and quantitative superiority over several state-of-the-art techniques. For videos captured in the wild, we perform a user study to demonstrate the preference for our method in comparison to state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 7.CEU-Net: Ensemble Semantic Segmentation of Hyperspectral Images Using Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04873.pdf)
>  Most semantic segmentation approaches of Hyperspectral images (HSIs) use and require preprocessing steps in the form of patching to accurately classify diversified land cover in remotely sensed images. These approaches use patching to incorporate the rich neighborhood information in images and exploit the simplicity and segmentability of the most common HSI datasets. In contrast, most landmasses in the world consist of overlapping and diffused classes, making neighborhood information weaker than what is seen in common HSI datasets. To combat this issue and generalize the segmentation models to more complex and diverse HSI datasets, in this work, we propose our novel flagship model: Clustering Ensemble U-Net (CEU-Net). CEU-Net uses the ensemble method to combine spectral information extracted from convolutional neural network (CNN) training on a cluster of landscape pixels. Our CEU-Net model outperforms existing state-of-the-art HSI semantic segmentation methods and gets competitive performance with and without patching when compared to baseline models. We highlight CEU-Net's high performance across Botswana, KSC, and Salinas datasets compared to HybridSN and AeroRIT methods.      
### 8.Coarse-to-Fine Sparse Transformer for Hyperspectral Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04845.pdf)
>  Many algorithms have been developed to solve the inverse problem of coded aperture snapshot spectral imaging (CASSI), i.e., recovering the 3D hyperspectral images (HSIs) from a 2D compressive measurement. In recent years, learning-based methods have demonstrated promising performance and dominated the mainstream research direction. However, existing CNN-based methods show limitations in capturing long-range dependencies and non-local self-similarity. Previous Transformer-based methods densely sample tokens, some of which are uninformative, and calculate the multi-head self-attention (MSA) between some tokens that are unrelated in content. This does not fit the spatially sparse nature of HSI signals and limits the model scalability. In this paper, we propose a novel Transformer-based method, coarse-to-fine sparse Transformer (CST), firstly embedding HSI sparsity into deep learning for HSI reconstruction. In particular, CST uses our proposed spectra-aware screening mechanism (SASM) for coarse patch selecting. Then the selected patches are fed into our customized spectra-aggregation hashing multi-head self-attention (SAH-MSA) for fine pixel clustering and self-similarity capturing. Comprehensive experiments show that our CST significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods while requiring cheaper computational costs. The code and models will be made public.      
### 9.CMX: Cross-Modal Fusion for RGB-X Semantic Segmentation with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04838.pdf)
>  The performance of semantic segmentation of RGB images can be advanced by exploiting informative features from supplementary modalities. In this work, we propose CMX, a vision-transformer-based cross-modal fusion framework for RGB-X semantic segmentation. To generalize to different sensing modalities encompassing various uncertainties, we consider that comprehensive cross-modal interactions should be provided. CMX is built with two streams to extract features from RGB images and the complementary modality (X-modality). In each feature extraction stage, we design a Cross-Modal Feature Rectification Module (CM-FRM) to calibrate the feature of the current modality by combining the feature from the other modality, in spatial- and channel-wise dimensions. With rectified feature pairs, we deploy a Feature Fusion Module (FFM) to mix them for the final semantic prediction. FFM is constructed with a cross-attention mechanism, which enables exchange of long-range contexts, enhancing both modalities' features at a global level. Extensive experiments show that CMX generalizes to diverse multi-modal combinations, achieving state-of-the-art performances on four RGB-Depth benchmarks, as well as RGB-Thermal and RGB-Polarization datasets. Besides, to investigate the generalizability to dense-sparse data fusion, we establish a RGB-Event semantic segmentation benchmark based on the EventScape dataset, on which CMX sets the new state-of-the-art. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/huaaaliu/RGBX_Semantic_Segmentation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 10.A high-precision underwater object detection based on joint self-supervised deblurring and improved spatial transformer network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04822.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based underwater object detection (UOD) remains a major challenge due to the degraded visibility and difficulty to obtain sufficient underwater object images captured from various perspectives for training. To address these issues, this paper presents a high-precision UOD based on joint self-supervised deblurring and improved spatial transformer network. A self-supervised deblurring subnetwork is introduced into the designed multi-task learning aided object detection architecture to force the shared feature extraction module to output clean features for detection subnetwork. Aiming at alleviating the limitation of insufficient photos from different perspectives, an improved spatial transformer network is designed based on perspective transformation, adaptively enriching image features within the network. The experimental results show that the proposed UOD approach achieved 47.9 mAP in URPC2017 and 70.3 mAP in URPC2018, outperforming many state-of-the-art UOD methods and indicating the designed method is more suitable for UOD.      
### 11.Text-DIAE: Degradation Invariant Autoencoders for Text Recognition and Document Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04814.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose Text-Degradation Invariant Auto Encoder (Text-DIAE) aimed to solve two tasks, text recognition (handwritten or scene-text) and document image enhancement. We define three pretext tasks as learning objectives to be optimized during pre-training without the usage of labelled data. Each of the pre-text objectives is specifically tailored for the final downstream tasks. We conduct several ablation experiments that show the importance of each degradation for a specific domain. Exhaustive experimentation shows that our method does not have limitations of previous state-of-the-art based on contrastive losses while at the same time requiring essentially fewer data samples to converge. Finally, we demonstrate that our method surpasses the state-of-the-art significantly in existing supervised and self-supervised settings in handwritten and scene text recognition and document image enhancement. Our code and trained models will be made publicly available at~\url{ http://Upon_Acceptance}.      
### 12.A high-precision self-supervised monocular visual odometry in foggy weather based on robust cycled generative adversarial networks and multi-task learning aided depth estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04812.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a high-precision self-supervised monocular VO, which is specifically designed for navigation in foggy weather. A cycled generative adversarial network is designed to obtain high-quality self-supervised loss via forcing the forward and backward half-cycle to output consistent estimation. Moreover, gradient-based loss and perceptual loss are introduced to eliminate the interference of complex photometric change on self-supervised loss in foggy weather. To solve the ill-posed problem of depth estimation, a self-supervised multi-task learning aided depth estimation module is designed based on the strong correlation between the depth estimation and transmission map calculation of hazy images in foggy weather. The experimental results on the synthetic foggy KITTI dataset show that the proposed self-supervised monocular VO performs better in depth and pose estimation than other state-of-the-art monocular VO in the literature, indicating the designed method is more suitable for foggy weather.      
### 13.NeRF-Pose: A First-Reconstruct-Then-Regress Approach for Weakly-supervised 6D Object Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04802.pdf)
>  Pose estimation of 3D objects in monocular images is a fundamental and long-standing problem in computer vision. Existing deep learning approaches for 6D pose estimation typically rely on the assumption of availability of 3D object models and 6D pose annotations. However, precise annotation of 6D poses in real data is intricate, time-consuming and not scalable, while synthetic data scales well but lacks realism. To avoid these problems, we present a weakly-supervised reconstruction-based pipeline, named NeRF-Pose, which needs only 2D object segmentation and known relative camera poses during training. Following the first-reconstruct-then-regress idea, we first reconstruct the objects from multiple views in the form of an implicit neural representation. Then, we train a pose regression network to predict pixel-wise 2D-3D correspondences between images and the reconstructed model. At inference, the approach only needs a single image as input. A NeRF-enabled PnP+RANSAC algorithm is used to estimate stable and accurate pose from the predicted correspondences. Experiments on LineMod and LineMod-Occlusion show that the proposed method has state-of-the-art accuracy in comparison to the best 6D pose estimation methods in spite of being trained only with weak labels. Besides, we extend the Homebrewed DB dataset with more real training images to support the weakly supervised task and achieve compelling results on this dataset. The extended dataset and code will be released soon.      
### 14.Evaluation of YOLO Models with Sliced Inference for Small Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04799.pdf)
>  Small object detection has major applications in the fields of UAVs, surveillance, farming and many others. In this work we investigate the performance of state of the art Yolo based object detection models for the task of small object detection as they are one of the most popular and easy to use object detection models. We evaluated YOLOv5 and YOLOX models in this study. We also investigate the effects of slicing aided inference and fine-tuning the model for slicing aided inference. We used the VisDrone2019Det dataset for training and evaluating our models. This dataset is challenging in the sense that most objects are relatively small compared to the image sizes. This work aims to benchmark the YOLOv5 and YOLOX models for small object detection. We have seen that sliced inference increases the AP50 score in all experiments, this effect was greater for the YOLOv5 models compared to the YOLOX models. The effects of sliced fine-tuning and sliced inference combined produced substantial improvement for all models. The highest AP50 score was achieved by the YOLOv5- Large model on the VisDrone2019Det test-dev subset with the score being 48.8.      
### 15.How many Observations are Enough? Knowledge Distillation for Trajectory Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04781.pdf)
>  Accurate prediction of future human positions is an essential task for modern video-surveillance systems. Current state-of-the-art models usually rely on a "history" of past tracked locations (e.g., 3 to 5 seconds) to predict a plausible sequence of future locations (e.g., up to the next 5 seconds). We feel that this common schema neglects critical traits of realistic applications: as the collection of input trajectories involves machine perception (i.e., detection and tracking), incorrect detection and fragmentation errors may accumulate in crowded scenes, leading to tracking drifts. On this account, the model would be fed with corrupted and noisy input data, thus fatally affecting its prediction performance. <br>In this regard, we focus on delivering accurate predictions when only few input observations are used, thus potentially lowering the risks associated with automatic perception. To this end, we conceive a novel distillation strategy that allows a knowledge transfer from a teacher network to a student one, the latter fed with fewer observations (just two ones). We show that a properly defined teacher supervision allows a student network to perform comparably to state-of-the-art approaches that demand more observations. Besides, extensive experiments on common trajectory forecasting datasets highlight that our student network better generalizes to unseen scenarios.      
### 16.Multiscale Convolutional Transformer with Center Mask Pretraining for Hyperspectral Image Classificationtion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04771.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral images (HSI) not only have a broad macroscopic field of view but also contain rich spectral information, and the types of surface objects can be identified through spectral information, which is one of the main applications in hyperspectral image related <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://research.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> recent years, more and more deep learning methods have been proposed, among which convolutional neural networks (CNN) are the most influential. However, CNN-based methods are difficult to capture long-range dependencies, and also require a large amount of labeled data for model training.Besides, most of the self-supervised training methods in the field of HSI classification are based on the reconstruction of input samples, and it is difficult to achieve effective use of unlabeled samples. To address the shortcomings of CNN networks, we propose a noval multi-scale convolutional embedding module for HSI to realize effective extraction of spatial-spectral information, which can be better combined with Transformer <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://network.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> order to make more efficient use of unlabeled data, we propose a new self-supervised pretask. Similar to Mask autoencoder, but our pre-training method only masks the corresponding token of the central pixel in the encoder, and inputs the remaining token into the decoder to reconstruct the spectral information of the central pixel.Such a pretask can better model the relationship between the central feature and the domain feature, and obtain more stable training results.      
### 17.SkinningNet: Two-Stream Graph Convolutional Neural Network for Skinning Prediction of Synthetic Characters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04746.pdf)
>  This work presents SkinningNet, an end-to-end Two-Stream Graph Neural Network architecture that computes skinning weights from an input mesh and its associated skeleton, without making any assumptions on shape class and structure of the provided mesh. Whereas previous methods pre-compute handcrafted features that relate the mesh and the skeleton or assume a fixed topology of the skeleton, the proposed method extracts this information in an end-to-end learnable fashion by jointly learning the best relationship between mesh vertices and skeleton joints. The proposed method exploits the benefits of the novel Multi-Aggregator Graph Convolution that combines the results of different aggregators during the summarizing step of the Message-Passing scheme, helping the operation to generalize for unseen topologies. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the contributions of our novel architecture, with SkinningNet outperforming current state-of-the-art alternatives.      
### 18.Parallel Training of GRU Networks with a Multi-Grid Solver for Long Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04738.pdf)
>  Parallelizing Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU) networks is a challenging task, as the training procedure of GRU is inherently sequential. Prior efforts to parallelize GRU have largely focused on conventional parallelization strategies such as data-parallel and model-parallel training algorithms. However, when the given sequences are very long, existing approaches are still inevitably performance limited in terms of training time. In this paper, we present a novel parallel training scheme (called parallel-in-time) for GRU based on a multigrid reduction in time (MGRIT) solver. MGRIT partitions a sequence into multiple shorter sub-sequences and trains the sub-sequences on different processors in parallel. The key to achieving speedup is a hierarchical correction of the hidden state to accelerate end-to-end communication in both the forward and backward propagation phases of gradient descent. Experimental results on the HMDB51 dataset, where each video is an image sequence, demonstrate that the new parallel training scheme achieves up to 6.5$\times$ speedup over a serial approach. As efficiency of our new parallelization strategy is associated with the sequence length, our parallel GRU algorithm achieves significant performance improvement as the sequence length increases.      
### 19.Defending Black-box Skeleton-based Human Activity Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04713.pdf)
>  Deep learning has been regarded as the `go to' solution for many tasks today, but its intrinsic vulnerability to malicious attacks has become a major concern. The vulnerability is affected by a variety of factors including models, tasks, data, and attackers. Consequently, methods such as Adversarial Training and Randomized Smoothing have been proposed to tackle the problem in a wide range of applications. In this paper, we investigate skeleton-based Human Activity Recognition, which is an important type of time-series data but under-explored in defense against attacks. Our method is featured by (1) a new Bayesian Energy-based formulation of robust discriminative classifiers, (2) a new parameterization of the adversarial sample manifold of actions, and (3) a new post-train Bayesian treatment on both the adversarial samples and the classifier. We name our framework Bayesian Energy-based Adversarial Training or BEAT. BEAT is straightforward but elegant, which turns vulnerable black-box classifiers into robust ones without sacrificing accuracy. It demonstrates surprising and universal effectiveness across a wide range of action classifiers and datasets, under various attacks.      
### 20.A Unified Transformer Framework for Group-based Segmentation: Co-Segmentation, Co-Saliency Detection and Video Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04708.pdf)
>  Humans tend to mine objects by learning from a group of images or several frames of video since we live in a dynamic world. In the computer vision area, many researches focus on co-segmentation (CoS), co-saliency detection (CoSD) and video salient object detection (VSOD) to discover the co-occurrent objects. However, previous approaches design different networks on these similar tasks separately, and they are difficult to apply to each other, which lowers the upper bound of the transferability of deep learning frameworks. Besides, they fail to take full advantage of the cues among inter- and intra-feature within a group of images. In this paper, we introduce a unified framework to tackle these issues, term as UFO (Unified Framework for Co-Object Segmentation). Specifically, we first introduce a transformer block, which views the image feature as a patch token and then captures their long-range dependencies through the self-attention mechanism. This can help the network to excavate the patch structured similarities among the relevant objects. Furthermore, we propose an intra-MLP learning module to produce self-mask to enhance the network to avoid partial activation. Extensive experiments on four CoS benchmarks (PASCAL, iCoseg, Internet and MSRC), three CoSD benchmarks (Cosal2015, CoSOD3k, and CocA) and four VSOD benchmarks (DAVIS16, FBMS, ViSal and SegV2) show that our method outperforms other state-of-the-arts on three different tasks in both accuracy and speed by using the same network architecture , which can reach 140 FPS in real-time.      
### 21.FlexIT: Towards Flexible Semantic Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04705.pdf)
>  Deep generative models, like GANs, have considerably improved the state of the art in image synthesis, and are able to generate near photo-realistic images in structured domains such as human faces. Based on this success, recent work on image editing proceeds by projecting images to the GAN latent space and manipulating the latent vector. However, these approaches are limited in that only images from a narrow domain can be transformed, and with only a limited number of editing operations. We propose FlexIT, a novel method which can take any input image and a user-defined text instruction for editing. Our method achieves flexible and natural editing, pushing the limits of semantic image translation. First, FlexIT combines the input image and text into a single target point in the CLIP multimodal embedding space. Via the latent space of an auto-encoder, we iteratively transform the input image toward the target point, ensuring coherence and quality with a variety of novel regularization terms. We propose an evaluation protocol for semantic image translation, and thoroughly evaluate our method on ImageNet. Code will be made publicly available.      
### 22.Align-Deform-Subtract: An Interventional Framework for Explaining Object Differences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04694.pdf)
>  Given two object images, how can we explain their differences in terms of the underlying object properties? To address this question, we propose Align-Deform-Subtract (ADS) -- an interventional framework for explaining object differences. By leveraging semantic alignments in image-space as counterfactual interventions on the underlying object properties, ADS iteratively quantifies and removes differences in object properties. The result is a set of "disentangled" error measures which explain object differences in terms of their underlying properties. Experiments on real and synthetic data illustrate the efficacy of the framework.      
### 23.Structure-Aware Flow Generation for Human Body Reshaping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04670.pdf)
>  Body reshaping is an important procedure in portrait photo retouching. Due to the complicated structure and multifarious appearance of human bodies, existing methods either fall back on the 3D domain via body morphable model or resort to keypoint-based image deformation, leading to inefficiency and unsatisfied visual quality. In this paper, we address these limitations by formulating an end-to-end flow generation architecture under the guidance of body structural priors, including skeletons and Part Affinity Fields, and achieve unprecedentedly controllable performance under arbitrary poses and garments. A compositional attention mechanism is introduced for capturing both visual perceptual correlations and structural associations of the human body to reinforce the manipulation consistency among related parts. For a comprehensive evaluation, we construct the first large-scale body reshaping dataset, namely BR-5K, which contains 5,000 portrait photos as well as professionally retouched targets. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our approach significantly outperforms existing state-of-the-art methods in terms of visual performance, controllability, and efficiency. The dataset is available at our website: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JianqiangRen/BodyReshaping5K" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 24.Inadequately Pre-trained Models are Better Feature Extractors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04668.pdf)
>  Pre-training has been a popular learning paradigm in deep learning era, especially in annotation-insufficient scenario. Better ImageNet pre-trained models have been demonstrated, from the perspective of architecture, by previous research to have better transferability to downstream tasks. However, in this paper, we found that during the same pre-training process, models at middle epochs, which is inadequately pre-trained, can outperform fully trained models when used as feature extractors (FE), while the fine-tuning (FT) performance still grows with the source performance. This reveals that there is not a solid positive correlation between top-1 accuracy on ImageNet and the transferring result on target data. Based on the contradictory phenomenon between FE and FT that better feature extractor fails to be fine-tuned better accordingly, we conduct comprehensive analyses on features before softmax layer to provide insightful explanations. Our discoveries suggest that, during pre-training, models tend to first learn spectral components corresponding to large singular values and the residual components contribute more when fine-tuning.      
### 25.Simulation of Plenoptic Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04662.pdf)
>  Plenoptic cameras enable the capturing of spatial as well as angular color information which can be used for various applications among which are image refocusing and depth calculations. However, these cameras are expensive and research in this area currently lacks data for ground truth comparisons. In this work we describe a flexible, easy-to-use Blender model for the different plenoptic camera types which is on the one hand able to provide the ground truth data for research and on the other hand allows an inexpensive assessment of the cameras usefulness for the desired applications. Furthermore we show that the rendering results exhibit the same image degradation effects as real cameras and make our simulation publicly available.      
### 26.Creating Realistic Ground Truth Data for the Evaluation of Calibration Methods for Plenoptic and Conventional Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04661.pdf)
>  Camera calibration methods usually consist of capturing images of known calibration patterns and using the detected correspondences to optimize the parameters of the assumed camera model. A meaningful evaluation of these methods relies on the availability of realistic synthetic data. In previous works concerned with conventional cameras the synthetic data was mainly created by rendering perfect images with a pinhole camera and subsequently adding distortions and aberrations to the renderings and correspondences according to the assumed camera model. This method can bias the evaluation since not every camera perfectly complies with an assumed model. Furthermore, in the field of plenoptic camera calibration there is no synthetic ground truth data available at all. We address these problems by proposing a method based on backward ray tracing to create realistic ground truth data that can be used for an unbiased evaluation of calibration methods for both types of cameras.      
### 27.Ray Tracing-Guided Design of Plenoptic Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04660.pdf)
>  The design of a plenoptic camera requires the combination of two dissimilar optical systems, namely a main lens and an array of microlenses. And while the construction process of a conventional camera is mainly concerned with focusing the image onto a single plane, in the case of plenoptic cameras there can be additional requirements such as a predefined depth of field or a desired range of disparities in neighboring microlens images. Due to this complexity, the manual creation of multiple plenoptic camera setups is often a time-consuming task. In this work we assume a simulation framework as well as the main lens data given and present a method to calculate the remaining aperture, sensor and microlens array parameters under different sets of constraints. Our ray tracing-based approach is shown to result in models outperforming their pendants generated with the commonly used paraxial approximations in terms of image quality, while still meeting the desired constraints. Both the implementation and evaluation setup including 30 plenoptic camera designs are made publicly available.      
### 28.Normal and Visibility Estimation of Human Face from a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04647.pdf)
>  Recent work on the intrinsic image of humans starts to consider the visibility of incident illumination and encodes the light transfer function by spherical harmonics. In this paper, we show that such a light transfer function can be further decomposed into visibility and cosine terms related to surface normal. Such decomposition allows us to recover the surface normal in addition to visibility. We propose a deep learning-based approach with a reconstruction loss for training on real-world images. Results show that compared with previous works, the reconstruction of human face from our method better reveals the surface normal and shading details especially around regions where visibility effect is strong.      
### 29.3D Dense Face Alignment with Fused Features by Aggregating CNNs and GCNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04643.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel multi-level aggregation network to regress the coordinates of the vertices of a 3D face from a single 2D image in an end-to-end manner. This is achieved by seamlessly combining standard convolutional neural networks (CNNs) with Graph Convolution Networks (GCNs). By iteratively and hierarchically fusing the features across different layers and stages of the CNNs and GCNs, our approach can provide a dense face alignment and 3D face reconstruction simultaneously for the benefit of direct feature learning of 3D face mesh. Experiments on several challenging datasets demonstrate that our method outperforms state-of-the-art approaches on both 2D and 3D face alignment tasks.      
### 30.Controllable Evaluation and Generation of Physical Adversarial Patch on Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04623.pdf)
>  Recent studies have revealed the vulnerability of face recognition models against physical adversarial patches, which raises security concerns about the deployed face recognition systems. However, it is still challenging to ensure the reproducibility for most attack algorithms under complex physical conditions, which leads to the lack of a systematic evaluation of the existing methods. It is therefore imperative to develop a framework that can enable a comprehensive evaluation of the vulnerability of face recognition in the physical world. To this end, we propose to simulate the complex transformations of faces in the physical world via 3D-face modeling, which serves as a digital counterpart of physical faces. The generic framework allows us to control different face variations and physical conditions to conduct reproducible evaluations comprehensively. With this digital simulator, we further propose a Face3DAdv method considering the 3D face transformations and realistic physical variations. Extensive experiments validate that Face3DAdv can significantly improve the effectiveness of diverse physically realizable adversarial patches in both simulated and physical environments, against various white-box and black-box face recognition models.      
### 31.Object-Based Visual Camera Pose Estimation From Ellipsoidal Model and 3D-Aware Ellipse Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04613.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a method for initial camera pose estimation from just a single image which is robust to viewing conditions and does not require a detailed model of the scene. This method meets the growing need of easy deployment of robotics or augmented reality applications in any environments, especially those for which no accurate 3D model nor huge amount of ground truth data are available. It exploits the ability of deep learning techniques to reliably detect objects regardless of viewing conditions. Previous works have also shown that abstracting the geometry of a scene of objects by an ellipsoid cloud allows to compute the camera pose accurately enough for various application needs. Though promising, these approaches use the ellipses fitted to the detection bounding boxes as an approximation of the imaged objects. In this paper, we go one step further and propose a learning-based method which detects improved elliptic approximations of objects which are coherent with the 3D ellipsoids in terms of perspective projection. Experiments prove that the accuracy of the computed pose significantly increases thanks to our method. This is achieved with very little effort in terms of training data acquisition - a few hundred calibrated images of which only three need manual object annotation. Code and models are released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://gitlab.inria.fr/tangram/3d-aware-ellipses-for-visual-localization" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 32.Practical No-box Adversarial Attacks with Training-free Hybrid Image Transformation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04607.pdf)
>  In recent years, the adversarial vulnerability of deep neural networks (DNNs) has raised increasing attention. Among all the threat models, no-box attacks are the most practical but extremely challenging since they neither rely on any knowledge of the target model or similar substitute model, nor access the dataset for training a new substitute model. Although a recent method has attempted such an attack in a loose sense, its performance is not good enough and computational overhead of training is expensive. In this paper, we move a step forward and show the existence of a \textbf{training-free} adversarial perturbation under the no-box threat model, which can be successfully used to attack different DNNs in real-time. Motivated by our observation that high-frequency component (HFC) domains in low-level features and plays a crucial role in classification, we attack an image mainly by manipulating its frequency components. Specifically, the perturbation is manipulated by suppression of the original HFC and adding of noisy HFC. We empirically and experimentally analyze the requirements of effective noisy HFC and show that it should be regionally homogeneous, repeating and dense. Extensive experiments on the ImageNet dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed no-box method. It attacks ten well-known models with a success rate of \textbf{98.13\%} on average, which outperforms state-of-the-art no-box attacks by \textbf{29.39\%}. Furthermore, our method is even competitive to mainstream transfer-based black-box attacks.      
### 33.Domain Generalization using Pretrained Models without Fine-tuning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04600.pdf)
>  Fine-tuning pretrained models is a common practice in domain generalization (DG) tasks. However, fine-tuning is usually computationally expensive due to the ever-growing size of pretrained models. More importantly, it may cause over-fitting on source domain and compromise their generalization ability as shown in recent works. Generally, pretrained models possess some level of generalization ability and can achieve decent performance regarding specific domains and samples. However, the generalization performance of pretrained models could vary significantly over different test domains even samples, which raises challenges for us to best leverage pretrained models in DG tasks. In this paper, we propose a novel domain generalization paradigm to better leverage various pretrained models, named specialized ensemble learning for domain generalization (SEDGE). It first trains a linear label space adapter upon fixed pretrained models, which transforms the outputs of the pretrained model to the label space of the target domain. Then, an ensemble network aware of model specialty is proposed to dynamically dispatch proper pretrained models to predict each test sample. Experimental studies on several benchmarks show that SEDGE achieves significant performance improvements comparing to strong baselines including state-of-the-art method in DG tasks and reduces the trainable parameters by ~99% and the training time by ~99.5%.      
### 34.CP-ViT: Cascade Vision Transformer Pruning via Progressive Sparsity Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04570.pdf)
>  Vision transformer (ViT) has achieved competitive accuracy on a variety of computer vision applications, but its computational cost impedes the deployment on resource-limited mobile devices. <br>We explore the sparsity in ViT and observe that informative patches and heads are sufficient for accurate image recognition. <br>In this paper, we propose a cascade pruning framework named CP-ViT by predicting sparsity in ViT models progressively and dynamically to reduce computational redundancy while minimizing the accuracy loss. Specifically, we define the cumulative score to reserve the informative patches and heads across the ViT model for better accuracy. We also propose the dynamic pruning ratio adjustment technique based on layer-aware attention range. CP-ViT has great general applicability for practical deployment, which can be applied to a wide range of ViT models and can achieve superior accuracy with or without fine-tuning. <br>Extensive experiments on ImageNet, CIFAR-10, and CIFAR-100 with various pre-trained models have demonstrated the effectiveness and efficiency of CP-ViT. By progressively pruning 50\% patches, our CP-ViT method reduces over 40\% FLOPs while maintaining accuracy loss within 1\%.      
### 35.All You Need is LUV: Unsupervised Collection of Labeled Images using Invisible UV Fluorescent Indicators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04566.pdf)
>  Large-scale semantic image annotation is a significant challenge for learning-based perception systems in robotics. Current approaches often rely on human labelers, which can be expensive, or simulation data, which can visually or physically differ from real data. This paper proposes Labels from UltraViolet (LUV), a novel framework that enables rapid, labeled data collection in real manipulation environments without human labeling. LUV uses transparent, ultraviolet-fluorescent paint with programmable ultraviolet LEDs to collect paired images of a scene in standard lighting and UV lighting to autonomously extract segmentation masks and keypoints via color segmentation. We apply LUV to a suite of diverse robot perception tasks to evaluate its labeling quality, flexibility, and data collection rate. Results suggest that LUV is 180-2500 times faster than a human labeler across the tasks. We show that LUV provides labels consistent with human annotations on unpainted test images. The networks trained on these labels are used to smooth and fold crumpled towels with 83% success rate and achieve 1.7mm position error with respect to human labels on a surgical needle pose estimation task. The low cost of LUV makes it ideal as a lightweight replacement for human labeling systems, with the one-time setup costs at $300 equivalent to the cost of collecting around 200 semantic segmentation labels on Amazon Mechanical Turk. Code, datasets, visualizations, and supplementary material can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/berkeley.edu/luv" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 36.Region-Aware Face Swapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04564.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel Region-Aware Face Swapping (RAFSwap) network to achieve identity-consistent harmonious high-resolution face generation in a local-global manner: \textbf{1)} Local Facial Region-Aware (FRA) branch augments local identity-relevant features by introducing the Transformer to effectively model misaligned cross-scale semantic interaction. \textbf{2)} Global Source Feature-Adaptive (SFA) branch further complements global identity-relevant cues for generating identity-consistent swapped faces. Besides, we propose a \textit{Face Mask Predictor} (FMP) module incorporated with StyleGAN2 to predict identity-relevant soft facial masks in an unsupervised manner that is more practical for generating harmonious high-resolution faces. Abundant experiments qualitatively and quantitatively demonstrate the superiority of our method for generating more identity-consistent high-resolution swapped faces over SOTA methods, \eg, obtaining 96.70 ID retrieval that outperforms SOTA MegaFS by 5.87$\uparrow$.      
### 37.Active Self-Semi-Supervised Learning for Few Labeled Samples Fast Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04560.pdf)
>  Faster training and fewer annotations are two key issues for applying deep models to various practical domains. Now, semi-supervised learning has achieved great success in training with few annotations. However, low-quality labeled samples produced by random sampling make it difficult to continue to reduce the number of annotations. In this paper we propose an active self-semi-supervised training framework that bootstraps semi-supervised models with good prior pseudo-labels, where the priors are obtained by label propagation over self-supervised features. Because the accuracy of the prior is not only affected by the quality of features, but also by the selection of the labeled samples. We develop active learning and label propagation strategies to obtain better prior pseudo-labels. Consequently, our framework can greatly improve the performance of models with few annotations and greatly reduce the training time. Experiments on three semi-supervised learning benchmarks demonstrate effectiveness. Our method achieves similar accuracy to standard semi-supervised approaches in about 1/3 of the training time, and even outperform them when fewer annotations are available (84.10\% in CIFAR-10 with 10 labels).      
### 38.Learning Temporal Consistency for Source-Free Video Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04559.pdf)
>  Video-based Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (VUDA) methods improve the robustness of video models, enabling them to be applied to action recognition tasks across different environments. However, these methods require constant access to source data during the adaptation process. Yet in many real-world applications, subjects and scenes in the source video domain should be irrelevant to those in the target video domain. With the increasing emphasis on data privacy, such methods that require source data access would raise serious privacy issues. Therefore, to cope with such concern, a more practical domain adaptation scenario is formulated as the Source-Free Video-based Domain Adaptation (SFVDA). Though there are a few methods for Source-Free Domain Adaptation (SFDA) on image data, these methods yield degenerating performance in SFVDA due to the multi-modality nature of videos, with the existence of additional temporal features. In this paper, we propose a novel Attentive Temporal Consistent Network (ATCoN) to address SFVDA by learning temporal consistency, guaranteed by two novel consistency objectives, namely feature consistency and source prediction consistency, performed across local temporal features. ATCoN further constructs effective overall temporal features by attending to local temporal features based on prediction confidence. Empirical results demonstrate the state-of-the-art performance of ATCoN across various cross-domain action recognition benchmarks.      
### 39.ChiTransformer:Towards Reliable Stereo from Cues  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04554.pdf)
>  Current stereo matching techniques are challenged by restricted searching space, occluded regions, and sheer size. While single image depth estimation is spared from these challenges and can achieve satisfactory results with the extracted monocular cues, the lack of stereoscopic relationship renders the monocular prediction less reliable on its own, especially in highly dynamic or cluttered environments. To address these issues in both scenarios, we present an optic-chiasm-inspired self-supervised binocular depth estimation method, wherein vision transformer (ViT) with a gated positional cross-attention (GPCA) layer is designed to enable feature-sensitive pattern retrieval between views while retaining the extensive context information aggregated through self-attentions. Monocular cues from a single view are thereafter conditionally rectified by a blending layer with the retrieved pattern pairs. This crossover design is biologically analogous to the optic-chasma structure in human visual system and hence the name, ChiTransformer. Our experiments show that this architecture yields substantial improvements over state-of-the-art self-supervised stereo approaches by 11%, and can be used on both rectilinear and non-rectilinear (e.g., fisheye) images.      
### 40.Monocular Depth Distribution Alignment with Low Computation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04538.pdf)
>  The performance of monocular depth estimation generally depends on the amount of parameters and computational cost. It leads to a large accuracy contrast between light-weight networks and heavy-weight networks, which limits their application in the real world. In this paper, we model the majority of accuracy contrast between them as the difference of depth distribution, which we call "Distribution drift". To this end, a distribution alignment network (DANet) is proposed. We firstly design a pyramid scene transformer (PST) module to capture inter-region interaction in multiple scales. By perceiving the difference of depth features between every two regions, DANet tends to predict a reasonable scene structure, which fits the shape of distribution to ground truth. Then, we propose a local-global optimization (LGO) scheme to realize the supervision of global range of scene depth. Thanks to the alignment of depth distribution shape and scene depth range, DANet sharply alleviates the distribution drift, and achieves a comparable performance with prior heavy-weight methods, but uses only 1% floating-point operations per second (FLOPs) of them. The experiments on two datasets, namely the widely used NYUDv2 dataset and the more challenging iBims-1 dataset, demonstrate the effectiveness of our method. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/YiLiM1/DANet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.Fast Road Segmentation via Uncertainty-aware Symmetric Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04537.pdf)
>  The high performance of RGB-D based road segmentation methods contrasts with their rare application in commercial autonomous driving, which is owing to two reasons: 1) the prior methods cannot achieve high inference speed and high accuracy in both ways; 2) the different properties of RGB and depth data are not well-exploited, limiting the reliability of predicted road. In this paper, based on the evidence theory, an uncertainty-aware symmetric network (USNet) is proposed to achieve a trade-off between speed and accuracy by fully fusing RGB and depth data. Firstly, cross-modal feature fusion operations, which are indispensable in the prior RGB-D based methods, are abandoned. We instead separately adopt two light-weight subnetworks to learn road representations from RGB and depth inputs. The light-weight structure guarantees the real-time inference of our method. Moreover, a multiscale evidence collection (MEC) module is designed to collect evidence in multiple scales for each modality, which provides sufficient evidence for pixel class determination. Finally, in uncertainty-aware fusion (UAF) module, the uncertainty of each modality is perceived to guide the fusion of the two subnetworks. Experimental results demonstrate that our method achieves a state-of-the-art accuracy with real-time inference speed of 43+ FPS. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/morancyc/USNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 42.Update Compression for Deep Neural Networks on the Edge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04516.pdf)
>  An increasing number of artificial intelligence (AI) applications involve the execution of deep neural networks (DNNs) on edge devices. Many practical reasons motivate the need to update the DNN model on the edge device post-deployment, such as refining the model, concept drift, or outright change in the learning task. In this paper, we consider the scenario where retraining can be done on the server side based on a copy of the DNN model, with only the necessary data transmitted to the edge to update the deployed model. However, due to bandwidth constraints, we want to minimise the transmission required to achieve the update. We develop a simple approach based on matrix factorisation to compress the model update -- this differs from compressing the model itself. The key idea is to preserve existing knowledge in the current model and optimise only small additional parameters for the update which can be used to reconstitute the model on the edge. We compared our method to similar techniques used in federated learning; our method usually requires less than half of the update size of existing methods to achieve the same accuracy.      
### 43.Image Steganography based on Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04500.pdf)
>  Image steganography is the art and science of using images as cover for covert communications. With the development of neural networks, traditional image steganography is more likely to be detected by deep learning-based steganalysis. To improve upon this, we propose image steganography network based on style transfer, and the embedding of secret messages can be disguised as image stylization. We embed secret information while transforming the content image style. In latent space, the secret information is integrated into the latent representation of the cover image to generate the stego images, which are indistinguishable from normal stylized images. It is an end-to-end unsupervised model without pre-training. Extensive experiments on the benchmark dataset demonstrate the reliability, quality and security of stego images generated by our steganographic network.      
### 44.3SD: Self-Supervised Saliency Detection With No Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04478.pdf)
>  We present a conceptually simple self-supervised method for saliency detection. Our method generates and uses pseudo-ground truth labels for training. The generated pseudo-GT labels don't require any kind of human annotations (e.g., pixel-wise labels or weak labels like scribbles). Recent works show that features extracted from classification tasks provide important saliency cues like structure and semantic information of salient objects in the image. Our method, called 3SD, exploits this idea by adding a branch for a self-supervised classification task in parallel with salient object detection, to obtain class activation maps (CAM maps). These CAM maps along with the edges of the input image are used to generate the pseudo-GT saliency maps to train our 3SD network. Specifically, we propose a contrastive learning-based training on multiple image patches for the classification task. We show the multi-patch classification with contrastive loss improves the quality of the CAM maps compared to naive classification on the entire image. Experiments on six benchmark datasets demonstrate that without any labels, our 3SD method outperforms all existing weakly supervised and unsupervised methods, and its performance is on par with the fully-supervised methods. Code is available at :<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rajeevyasarla/3SD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 45.Part-level Action Parsing via a Pose-guided Coarse-to-Fine Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04476.pdf)
>  Action recognition from videos, i.e., classifying a video into one of the pre-defined action types, has been a popular topic in the communities of artificial intelligence, multimedia, and signal processing. However, existing methods usually consider an input video as a whole and learn models, e.g., Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), with coarse video-level class labels. These methods can only output an action class for the video, but cannot provide fine-grained and explainable cues to answer why the video shows a specific action. Therefore, researchers start to focus on a new task, Part-level Action Parsing (PAP), which aims to not only predict the video-level action but also recognize the frame-level fine-grained actions or interactions of body parts for each person in the video. To this end, we propose a coarse-to-fine framework for this challenging task. In particular, our framework first predicts the video-level class of the input video, then localizes the body parts and predicts the part-level action. Moreover, to balance the accuracy and computation in part-level action parsing, we propose to recognize the part-level actions by segment-level features. Furthermore, to overcome the ambiguity of body parts, we propose a pose-guided positional embedding method to accurately localize body parts. Through comprehensive experiments on a large-scale dataset, i.e., Kinetics-TPS, our framework achieves state-of-the-art performance and outperforms existing methods over a 31.10% ROC score.      
### 46.Autonomous Mosquito Habitat Detection Using Satellite Imagery and Convolutional Neural Networks for Disease Risk Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04463.pdf)
>  Mosquitoes are known vectors for disease transmission that cause over one million deaths globally each year. The majority of natural mosquito habitats are areas containing standing water that are challenging to detect using conventional ground-based technology on a macro scale. Contemporary approaches, such as drones, UAVs, and other aerial imaging technology are costly when implemented and are only most accurate on a finer spatial scale whereas the proposed convolutional neural network(CNN) approach can be applied for disease risk mapping and further guide preventative efforts on a more global scale. By assessing the performance of autonomous mosquito habitat detection technology, the transmission of mosquito-borne diseases can be prevented in a cost-effective manner. This approach aims to identify the spatiotemporal distribution of mosquito habitats in extensive areas that are difficult to survey using ground-based technology by employing computer vision on satellite imagery for proof of concept. The research presents an evaluation and the results of 3 different CNN models to determine their accuracy of predicting large-scale mosquito habitats. For this approach, a dataset was constructed containing a variety of geographical features. Larger land cover variables such as ponds/lakes, inlets, and rivers were utilized to classify mosquito habitats while minute sites were omitted for higher accuracy on a larger scale. Using the dataset, multiple CNN networks were trained and evaluated for accuracy of habitat prediction. Utilizing a CNN-based approach on readily available satellite imagery is cost-effective and scalable, unlike most aerial imaging technology. Testing revealed that YOLOv4 obtained greater accuracy in mosquito habitat detection for identifying large-scale mosquito habitats.      
### 47.Probabilistic Rotation Representation With an Efficiently Computable Bingham Loss Function and Its Application to Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04456.pdf)
>  In recent years, a deep learning framework has been widely used for object pose estimation. While quaternion is a common choice for rotation representation of 6D pose, it cannot represent an uncertainty of the observation. In order to handle the uncertainty, Bingham distribution is one promising solution because this has suitable features, such as a smooth representation over SO(3), in addition to the ambiguity representation. However, it requires the complex computation of the normalizing constants. This is the bottleneck of loss computation in training neural networks based on Bingham representation. As such, we propose a fast-computable and easy-to-implement loss function for Bingham distribution. We also show not only to examine the parametrization of Bingham distribution but also an application based on our loss function.      
### 48.CIDER: Exploiting Hyperspherical Embeddings for Out-of-Distribution Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04450.pdf)
>  Out-of-distribution (OOD) detection is a critical task for reliable machine learning. Recent advances in representation learning give rise to developments in distance-based OOD detection, where testing samples are detected as OOD if they are relatively far away from the centroids or prototypes of in-distribution (ID) classes. However, prior methods directly take off-the-shelf loss functions that suffice for classifying ID samples, but are not optimally designed for OOD detection. In this paper, we propose CIDER, a simple and effective representation learning framework by exploiting hyperspherical embeddings for OOD detection. CIDER jointly optimizes two losses to promote strong ID-OOD separability: (1) a dispersion loss that promotes large angular distances among different class prototypes, and (2) a compactness loss that encourages samples to be close to their class prototypes. We show that CIDER is effective under various settings and establishes state-of-the-art performance. On a hard OOD detection task CIFAR-100 vs. CIFAR-10, our method substantially improves the AUROC by 14.20% compared to the embeddings learned by the cross-entropy loss.      
### 49.Tune your Place Recognition: Self-Supervised Domain Calibration via Robust SLAM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04446.pdf)
>  Visual place recognition techniques based on deep learning, which have imposed themselves as the state-of-the-art in recent years, do not always generalize well to environments that are visually different from the training set. Thus, to achieve top performance, it is sometimes necessary to fine-tune the networks to the target environment. To this end, we propose a completely self-supervised domain calibration procedure based on robust pose graph estimation from Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) as the supervision signal without requiring GPS or manual labeling. We first show that the training samples produced by our technique are sufficient to train a visual place recognition system from a pre-trained classification model. Then, we show that our approach can improve the performance of a state-of-the-art technique on a target environment dissimilar from the training set. We believe that this approach will help practitioners to deploy more robust place recognition solutions in real-world applications.      
### 50.Self-Supervision, Remote Sensing and Abstraction: Representation Learning Across 3 Million Locations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04445.pdf)
>  Self-supervision based deep learning classification approaches have received considerable attention in academic literature. However, the performance of such methods on remote sensing imagery domains remains under-explored. In this work, we explore contrastive representation learning methods on the task of imagery-based city classification, an important problem in urban computing. We use satellite and map imagery across 2 domains, 3 million locations and more than 1500 cities. We show that self-supervised methods can build a generalizable representation from as few as 200 cities, with representations achieving over 95\% accuracy in unseen cities with minimal additional training. We also find that the performance discrepancy of such methods, when compared to supervised methods, induced by the domain discrepancy between natural imagery and abstract imagery is significant for remote sensing imagery. We compare all analysis against existing supervised models from academic literature and open-source our models for broader usage and further criticism.      
### 51.Pointillism: Accurate 3D bounding box estimation with multi-radars  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04440.pdf)
>  Autonomous perception requires high-quality environment sensing in the form of 3D bounding boxes of dynamic objects. The primary sensors used in automotive systems are light-based cameras and LiDARs. However, they are known to fail in adverse weather conditions. Radars can potentially solve this problem as they are barely affected by adverse weather conditions. However, specular reflections of wireless signals cause poor performance of radar point clouds. We introduce Pointillism, a system that combines data from multiple spatially separated radars with an optimal separation to mitigate these problems. We introduce a novel concept of Cross Potential Point Clouds, which uses the spatial diversity induced by multiple radars and solves the problem of noise and sparsity in radar point clouds. Furthermore, we present the design of RP-net, a novel deep learning architecture, designed explicitly for radar's sparse data distribution, to enable accurate 3D bounding box estimation. The spatial techniques designed and proposed in this paper are fundamental to radars point cloud distribution and would benefit other radar sensing applications.      
### 52.Unrolled Primal-Dual Networks for Lensless Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04353.pdf)
>  Conventional image reconstruction models for lensless cameras often assume that each measurement results from convolving a given scene with a single experimentally measured point-spread function. These image reconstruction models fall short in simulating lensless cameras truthfully as these models are not sophisticated enough to account for optical aberrations or scenes with depth variations. Our work shows that learning a supervised primal-dual reconstruction method results in image quality matching state of the art in the literature without demanding a large network capacity. This improvement stems from our primary finding that embedding learnable forward and adjoint models in a learned primal-dual optimization framework can even improve the quality of reconstructed images (+5dB PSNR) compared to works that do not correct for the model error. In addition, we built a proof-of-concept lensless camera prototype that uses a pseudo-random phase mask to demonstrate our point. Finally, we share the extensive evaluation of our learned model based on an open dataset and a dataset from our proof-of-concept lensless camera prototype.      
### 53.Triangular Character Animation Sampling with Motion, Emotion, and Relation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04930.pdf)
>  Dramatic progress has been made in animating individual characters. However, we still lack automatic control over activities between characters, especially those involving interactions. In this paper, we present a novel energy-based framework to sample and synthesize animations by associating the characters' body motions, facial expressions, and social relations. We propose a Spatial-Temporal And-Or graph (ST-AOG), a stochastic grammar model, to encode the contextual relationship between motion, emotion, and relation, forming a triangle in a conditional random field. We train our model from a labeled dataset of two-character interactions. Experiments demonstrate that our method can recognize the social relation between two characters and sample new scenes of vivid motion and emotion using Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) given the social relation. Thus, our method can provide animators with an automatic way to generate 3D character animations, help synthesize interactions between Non-Player Characters (NPCs), and enhance machine emotion intelligence (EQ) in virtual reality (VR).      
### 54.Rethinking data-driven point spread function modeling with a differentiable optical model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04908.pdf)
>  In astronomy, upcoming space telescopes with wide-field optical instruments have a spatially varying point spread function (PSF). Certain scientific goals require a high-fidelity estimation of the PSF at target positions where no direct measurement of the PSF is provided. Even though observations of the PSF are available at some positions of the field of view (FOV), they are undersampled, noisy, and integrated in wavelength in the instrument's passband. PSF modeling requires building a model from these observations that can infer a super-resolved PSF at any wavelength and any position in the FOV. Current data-driven PSF models can tackle spatial variations and super-resolution, but are not capable of capturing chromatic variations. Our model, coined WaveDiff, proposes a paradigm shift in the data-driven modeling of the point spread function field of telescopes. By adding a differentiable optical forward model into the modeling framework, we change the data-driven modeling space from the pixels to the wavefront. The proposed model relies on efficient automatic differentiation technology as well as modern stochastic first-order optimization techniques recently developed by the thriving machine-learning community. Our framework paves the way to building powerful models that are physically motivated and do not require special calibration data. This paper demonstrates the WaveDiff model on a simplified setting of a space telescope. The proposed framework represents a performance breakthrough with respect to existing data-driven approaches. The pixel reconstruction errors decrease 6-fold at observation resolution and 44-fold for a 3x super-resolution. The ellipticity errors are reduced by a factor of at least 20 and the size error by a factor of more than 250. By only using noisy broad-band in-focus observations, we successfully capture the PSF chromatic variations due to diffraction.      
### 55.Model-Agnostic Multitask Fine-tuning for Few-shot Vision-Language Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04904.pdf)
>  Despite achieving state-of-the-art zero-shot performance, existing vision-language models, e.g., CLIP, still fall short of domain-specific classification tasks, e.g., Fungi Classification. In the context of few-shot transfer learning, traditional fine-tuning fails to prevent highly expressive model from exploiting spurious correlations in the training data. On the other hand, although model-agnostic meta-learning (MAML) presents as a natural alternative for transfer learning, the expensive computation due to implicit second-order optimization limits its use in large-scale models and datasets. In this work we aim to further improve the generalization of existing vision-language models on unseen tasks via a simple yet efficient fine-tuning strategy based on uniform task sampling. We term our method as Model-Agnostic Multitask Fine-tuning (MAMF). Compared with MAML, MAMF discards the bi-level optimization and uses only first-order gradients, which makes it easily scalable and computationally efficient. Due to the uniform task sampling procedure, MAMF consistently outperforms the classical fine-tuning method for few-shot transfer learning on five benchmark datasets. Empirically, we further discover that the effectiveness of first-order MAML is highly dependent on the zero-shot performance of the pretrained model, and our simple algorithm can outperform first-order MAML on more challenging datasets with low zero-shot performance.      
### 56.Efficient Image Representation Learning with Federated Sampled Softmax  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04888.pdf)
>  Learning image representations on decentralized data can bring many benefits in cases where data cannot be aggregated across data silos. Softmax cross entropy loss is highly effective and commonly used for learning image representations. Using a large number of classes has proven to be particularly beneficial for the descriptive power of such representations in centralized learning. However, doing so on decentralized data with Federated Learning is not straightforward as the demand on FL clients' computation and communication increases proportionally to the number of classes. In this work we introduce federated sampled softmax (FedSS), a resource-efficient approach for learning image representation with Federated Learning. Specifically, the FL clients sample a set of classes and optimize only the corresponding model parameters with respect to a sampled softmax objective that approximates the global full softmax objective. We examine the loss formulation and empirically show that our method significantly reduces the number of parameters transferred to and optimized by the client devices, while performing on par with the standard full softmax method. This work creates a possibility for efficiently learning image representations on decentralized data with a large number of classes under the federated setting.      
### 57.VGQ-CNN: Moving Beyond Fixed Cameras and Top-Grasps for Grasp Quality Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04874.pdf)
>  We present the Versatile Grasp Quality Convolutional Neural Network (VGQ-CNN), a grasp quality prediction network for 6-DOF grasps. VGQ-CNN can be used when evaluating grasps for objects seen from a wide range of camera poses or mobile robots without the need to retrain the network. By defining the grasp orientation explicitly as an input to the network, VGQ-CNN can evaluate 6-DOF grasp poses, moving beyond the 4-DOF grasps used in most image-based grasp evaluation methods like GQ-CNN. We train VGQ-CNN on our new Versatile Grasp dataset (VG-dset), containing 6-DOF grasps observed from a wide range of camera poses. VGQ-CNN achieves a balanced accuracy of 82.1% on our test-split while generalising to a variety of camera poses. Meanwhile, it achieves competitive performance for overhead cameras and top-grasps with a balanced accuracy of 74.2% compared to GQ-CNN's 76.6%. We also propose a modified network architecture, FAST-VGQ-CNN, that speeds up inference using a shared encoder architecture and can make 128 grasp quality predictions in 12ms on a CPU. Code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://figshare.com/s/b12b37b14b747b10524e" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 58.Using Human Gaze For Surgical Activity Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04752.pdf)
>  Automatically recognizing surgical activities plays an important role in providing feedback to surgeons, and is a fundamental step towards computer-aided surgical systems. Human gaze and visual saliency carry important information about visual attention, and can be used in computer vision systems. Although state-of-the-art surgical activity recognition models learn spatial temporal features, none of these models make use of human gaze and visual saliency. In this study, we propose to use human gaze with a spatial temporal attention mechanism for activity recognition in surgical videos. Our model consists of an I3D-based architecture, learns spatio-temporal features using 3D convolutions, as well as learning an attention map using human gaze. We evaluated our model on the Suturing task of JIGSAWS which is a publicly available surgical video understanding dataset. Our evaluations on a subset of random video segments in this task suggest that our approach achieves promising results with an accuracy of 86.2%.      
### 59.P2M: A Processing-in-Pixel-in-Memory Paradigm for Resource-Constrained TinyML Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04737.pdf)
>  The demand to process vast amounts of data generated from state-of-the-art high resolution cameras has motivated novel energy-efficient on-device AI solutions. Visual data in such cameras are usually captured in the form of analog voltages by a sensor pixel array, and then converted to the digital domain for subsequent AI processing using analog-to-digital converters (ADC). Recent research has tried to take advantage of massively parallel low-power analog/digital computing in the form of near- and in-sensor processing, in which the AI computation is performed partly in the periphery of the pixel array and partly in a separate on-board CPU/accelerator. Unfortunately, high-resolution input images still need to be streamed between the camera and the AI processing unit, frame by frame, causing energy, bandwidth, and security bottlenecks. To mitigate this problem, we propose a novel Processing-in-Pixel-in-memory (P2M) paradigm, that customizes the pixel array by adding support for analog multi-channel, multi-bit convolution and ReLU (Rectified Linear Units). Our solution includes a holistic algorithm-circuit co-design approach and the resulting P2M paradigm can be used as a drop-in replacement for embedding memory-intensive first few layers of convolutional neural network (CNN) models within foundry-manufacturable CMOS image sensor platforms. Our experimental results indicate that P2M reduces data transfer bandwidth from sensors and analog to digital conversions by ~21x, and the energy-delay product (EDP) incurred in processing a MobileNetV2 model on a TinyML use case for visual wake words dataset (VWW) by up to ~11x compared to standard near-processing or in-sensor implementations, without any significant drop in test accuracy.      
### 60.Predicting conversion of mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's disease  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04725.pdf)
>  Alzheimer's disease (AD) is the most common age-related dementia. Mild cognitive impairment (MCI) is the early stage of cognitive decline before AD. It is crucial to predict the MCI-to-AD conversion for precise management, which remains challenging due to the diversity of patients. Previous evidence shows that the brain network generated from diffusion MRI promises to classify dementia using deep learning. However, the limited availability of diffusion MRI challenges the model training. In this study, we develop a self-supervised contrastive learning approach to generate structural brain networks from routine anatomical MRI under the guidance of diffusion MRI. The generated brain networks are applied to train a learning framework for predicting the MCI-to-AD conversion. Instead of directly modelling the AD brain networks, we train a graph encoder and a variational autoencoder to model the healthy ageing trajectories from brain networks of healthy controls. To predict the MCI-to-AD conversion, we further design a recurrent neural networks based approach to model the longitudinal deviation of patients' brain networks from the healthy ageing trajectory. Numerical results show that the proposed methods outperform the benchmarks in the prediction task. We also visualize the model interpretation to explain the prediction and identify abnormal changes of white matter tracts.      
### 61.Uni4Eye: Unified 2D and 3D Self-supervised Pre-training via Masked Image Modeling Transformer for Ophthalmic Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04614.pdf)
>  A large-scale labeled dataset is a key factor for the success of supervised deep learning in computer vision. However, a limited number of annotated data is very common, especially in ophthalmic image analysis, since manual annotation is time-consuming and labor-intensive. Self-supervised learning (SSL) methods bring huge opportunities for better utilizing unlabeled data, as they do not need massive annotations. With an attempt to use as many as possible unlabeled ophthalmic images, it is necessary to break the dimension barrier, simultaneously making use of both 2D and 3D images. In this paper, we propose a universal self-supervised Transformer framework, named Uni4Eye, to discover the inherent image property and capture domain-specific feature embedding in ophthalmic images. Uni4Eye can serve as a global feature extractor, which builds its basis on a Masked Image Modeling task with a Vision Transformer (ViT) architecture. We employ a Unified Patch Embedding module to replace the origin patch embedding module in ViT for jointly processing both 2D and 3D input images. Besides, we design a dual-branch multitask decoder module to simultaneously perform two reconstruction tasks on the input image and its gradient map, delivering discriminative representations for better convergence. We evaluate the performance of our pre-trained Uni4Eye encoder by fine-tuning it on six downstream ophthalmic image classification tasks. The superiority of Uni4Eye is successfully established through comparisons to other state-of-the-art SSL pre-training methods.      
### 62.Attention-effective multiple instance learning on weakly stem cell colony segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04606.pdf)
>  The detection of induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) colonies often needs the precise extraction of the colony features. However, existing computerized systems relied on segmentation of contours by preprocessing for classifying the colony conditions were task-extensive. To maximize the efficiency in categorizing colony conditions, we propose a multiple instance learning (MIL) in weakly supervised settings. It is designed in a single model to produce weak segmentation and classification of colonies without using finely labeled samples. As a single model, we employ a U-net-like convolution neural network (CNN) to train on binary image-level labels for MIL colonies classification. Furthermore, to specify the object of interest we used a simple post-processing method. The proposed approach is compared over conventional methods using five-fold cross-validation and receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve. The maximum accuracy of the MIL-net is 95%, which is 15 % higher than the conventional methods. Furthermore, the ability to interpret the location of the iPSC colonies based on the image level label without using a pixel-wise ground truth image is more appealing and cost-effective in colony condition recognition.      
### 63.Mapping global dynamics of benchmark creation and saturation in artificial intelligence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04592.pdf)
>  Benchmarks are crucial to measuring and steering progress in artificial intelligence (AI). However, recent studies raised concerns over the state of AI benchmarking, reporting issues such as benchmark overfitting, benchmark saturation and increasing centralization of benchmark dataset creation. To facilitate monitoring of the health of the AI benchmarking ecosystem, we introduce methodologies for creating condensed maps of the global dynamics of benchmark creation and saturation. We curated data for 1688 benchmarks covering the entire domains of computer vision and natural language processing, and show that a large fraction of benchmarks quickly trended towards near-saturation, that many benchmarks fail to find widespread utilization, and that benchmark performance gains for different AI tasks were prone to unforeseen bursts. We conclude that future work should focus on large-scale community collaboration and on mapping benchmark performance gains to real-world utility and impact of AI.      
### 64.Multi-modal Brain Tumor Segmentation via Missing Modality Synthesis and Modality-level Attention Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04586.pdf)
>  Multi-modal magnetic resonance (MR) imaging provides great potential for diagnosing and analyzing brain gliomas. In clinical scenarios, common MR sequences such as T1, T2 and FLAIR can be obtained simultaneously in a single scanning process. However, acquiring contrast enhanced modalities such as T1ce requires additional time, cost, and injection of contrast agent. As such, it is clinically meaningful to develop a method to synthesize unavailable modalities which can also be used as additional inputs to downstream tasks (e.g., brain tumor segmentation) for performance enhancing. In this work, we propose an end-to-end framework named Modality-Level Attention Fusion Network (MAF-Net), wherein we innovatively conduct patchwise contrastive learning for extracting multi-modal latent features and dynamically assigning attention weights to fuse different modalities. Through extensive experiments on BraTS2020, our proposed MAF-Net is found to yield superior T1ce synthesis performance (SSIM of 0.8879 and PSNR of 22.78) and accurate brain tumor segmentation (mean Dice scores of 67.9%, 41.8% and 88.0% on segmenting the tumor core, enhancing tumor and whole tumor).      
### 65.A Neuro-vector-symbolic Architecture for Solving Raven's Progressive Matrices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04571.pdf)
>  Neither deep neural networks nor symbolic AI alone have approached the kind of intelligence expressed in humans. This is mainly because neural networks are not able to decompose distinct objects from their joint representation (the so-called binding problem), while symbolic AI suffers from exhaustive rule searches, among other problems. These two problems are still pronounced in neuro-symbolic AI which aims to combine the best of the two paradigms. Here, we show that the two problems can be addressed with our proposed neuro-vector-symbolic architecture (NVSA) by exploiting its powerful operators on fixed-width holographic vectorized representations that serve as a common language between neural networks and symbolic logical reasoning. The efficacy of NVSA is demonstrated by solving the Raven's progressive matrices. NVSA achieves a new record of 97.7% average accuracy in RAVEN, and 98.8% in I-RAVEN datasets, with two orders of magnitude faster execution than the symbolic logical reasoning on CPUs.      
### 66.PHTrans: Parallelly Aggregating Global and Local Representations for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04568.pdf)
>  The success of Transformer in computer vision has attracted increasing attention in the medical imaging community. Especially for medical image segmentation, many excellent hybrid architectures based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and Transformer have been presented and achieve impressive performance. However, most of these methods, which embed modular Transformer into CNNs, struggle to reach their full potential. In this paper, we propose a novel hybrid architecture for medical image segmentation called PHTrans, which parallelly hybridizes Transformer and CNN in main building blocks to produce hierarchical representations from global and local features and adaptively aggregate them, aiming to fully exploit their strengths to obtain better segmentation performance. Specifically, PHTrans follows the U-shaped encoder-decoder design and introduces the parallel hybird module in deep stages, where convolution blocks and the modified 3D Swin Transformer learn local features and global dependencies separately, then a sequence-to-volume operation unifies the dimensions of the outputs to achieve feature aggregation. Extensive experimental results on both Multi-Atlas Labeling Beyond the Cranial Vault and Automated Cardiac Diagnosis Challeng datasets corroborate its effectiveness, consistently outperforming state-of-the-art methods.      
### 67.MLNav: Learning to Safely Navigate on Martian Terrains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04563.pdf)
>  We present MLNav, a learning-enhanced path planning framework for safety-critical and resource-limited systems operating in complex environments, such as rovers navigating on Mars. MLNav makes judicious use of machine learning to enhance the efficiency of path planning while fully respecting safety constraints. In particular, the dominant computational cost in such safety-critical settings is running a model-based safety checker on the proposed paths. Our learned search heuristic can simultaneously predict the feasibility for all path options in a single run, and the model-based safety checker is only invoked on the top-scoring paths. We validate in high-fidelity simulations using both real Martian terrain data collected by the Perseverance rover, as well as a suite of challenging synthetic terrains. Our experiments show that: (i) compared to the baseline ENav path planner on board the Perserverance rover, MLNav can provide a significant improvement in multiple key metrics, such as a 10x reduction in collision checks when navigating real Martian terrains, despite being trained with synthetic terrains; and (ii) MLNav can successfully navigate highly challenging terrains where the baseline ENav fails to find a feasible path before timing out.      
### 68.The Combinatorial Brain Surgeon: Pruning Weights That Cancel One Another in Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04466.pdf)
>  Neural networks tend to achieve better accuracy with training if they are larger -- even if the resulting models are overparameterized. Nevertheless, carefully removing such excess parameters before, during, or after training may also produce models with similar or even improved accuracy. In many cases, that can be curiously achieved by heuristics as simple as removing a percentage of the weights with the smallest absolute value -- even though magnitude is not a perfect proxy for weight relevance. With the premise that obtaining significantly better performance from pruning depends on accounting for the combined effect of removing multiple weights, we revisit one of the classic approaches for impact-based pruning: the Optimal Brain Surgeon~(OBS). We propose a tractable heuristic for solving the combinatorial extension of OBS, in which we select weights for simultaneous removal, as well as a systematic update of the remaining weights. Our selection method outperforms other methods under high sparsity, and the weight update is advantageous even when combined with the other methods.      
### 69.The Flag Median and FlagIRLS  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04437.pdf)
>  Finding prototypes (e.g., mean and median) for a dataset is central to a number of common machine learning algorithms. Subspaces have been shown to provide useful, robust representations for datasets of images, videos and more. Since subspaces correspond to points on a Grassmann manifold, one is led to consider the idea of a subspace prototype for a Grassmann-valued dataset. While a number of different subspace prototypes have been described, the calculation of some of these prototypes has proven to be computationally expensive while other prototypes are affected by outliers and produce highly imperfect clustering on noisy data. This work proposes a new subspace prototype, the flag median, and introduces the FlagIRLS algorithm for its calculation. We provide evidence that the flag median is robust to outliers and can be used effectively in algorithms like Linde-Buzo-Grey (LBG) to produce improved clusterings on Grassmannians. Numerical experiments include a synthetic dataset, the MNIST handwritten digits dataset, the Mind's Eye video dataset and the UCF YouTube action dataset. The flag median is compared the other leading algorithms for computing prototypes on the Grassmannian, namely, the $\ell_2$-median and to the flag mean. We find that using FlagIRLS to compute the flag median converges in $4$ iterations on a synthetic dataset. We also see that Grassmannian LBG with a codebook size of $20$ and using the flag median produces at least a $10\%$ improvement in cluster purity over Grassmannian LBG using the flag mean or $\ell_2$-median on the Mind's Eye dataset.      
### 70.ImageNet-Patch: A Dataset for Benchmarking Machine Learning Robustness against Adversarial Patches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04412.pdf)
>  Adversarial patches are optimized contiguous pixel blocks in an input image that cause a machine-learning model to misclassify it. However, their optimization is computationally demanding, and requires careful hyperparameter tuning, potentially leading to suboptimal robustness evaluations. To overcome these issues, we propose ImageNet-Patch, a dataset to benchmark machine-learning models against adversarial patches. It consists of a set of patches, optimized to generalize across different models, and readily applicable to ImageNet data after preprocessing them with affine transformations. This process enables an approximate yet faster robustness evaluation, leveraging the transferability of adversarial perturbations. We showcase the usefulness of this dataset by testing the effectiveness of the computed patches against 127 models. We conclude by discussing how our dataset could be used as a benchmark for robustness, and how our methodology can be generalized to other domains. We open source our dataset and evaluation code at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/pralab/ImageNet-Patch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 71.MICDIR: Multi-scale Inverse-consistent Deformable Image Registration using UNetMSS with Self-Constructing Graph Latent  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04317.pdf)
>  Image registration is the process of bringing different images into a common coordinate system - a technique widely used in various applications of computer vision, such as remote sensing, image retrieval, and most commonly in medical imaging. Deep Learning based techniques have been applied successfully to tackle various complex medical image processing problems, including medical image registration. Over the years, several image registration techniques have been proposed using deep learning. Deformable image registration techniques such as Voxelmorph have been successful in capturing finer changes and providing smoother deformations. However, Voxelmorph, as well as ICNet and FIRE, do not explicitly encode global dependencies (i.e. the overall anatomical view of the supplied image) and therefore can not track large deformations. In order to tackle the aforementioned problems, this paper extends the Voxelmorph approach in three different ways. To improve the performance in case of small as well as large deformations, supervision of the model at different resolutions have been integrated using a multi-scale UNet. To support the network to learn and encode the minute structural co-relations of the given image-pairs, a self-constructing graph network (SCGNet) has been used as the latent of the multi-scale UNet - which can improve the learning process of the model and help the model to generalise better. And finally, to make the deformations inverse-consistent, cycle consistency loss has been employed. On the task of registration of brain MRIs, the proposed method achieved significant improvements over ANTs and VoxelMorph, obtaining a Dice score of 0.8013$\pm$0.0243 for intramodal and 0.6211$\pm$0.0309 for intermodal, while VoxelMorph achieved 0.7747$\pm$0.0260 and 0.6071$\pm$0.0510, respectively.      
### 72.PyNET-QxQ: A Distilled PyNET for QxQ Bayer Pattern Demosaicing in CMOS Image Sensor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04314.pdf)
>  The deep learning-based ISP models for mobile cameras produce high-quality images comparable to the professional DSLR camera. However, many of them are computationally expensive, which may not be appropriate for mobile environments. Also, the recent mobile cameras adopt non-Bayer CFAs (e.g., Quad Bayer, Nona Bayer, and QxQ Bayer) to improve image quality; however, most deep learning-based ISP models mainly focus on standard Bayer CFA. In this work, we propose PyNET-QxQ based on PyNET, a light-weighted ISP explicitly designed for the QxQ CFA pattern. The number of parameters of PyNET-QxQ is less than 2.5% of PyNET. We also introduce a novel knowledge distillation technique, progressive distillation, to train the compressed network effectively. Finally, experiments with QxQ images (obtained by an actual QxQ camera sensor, under development) demonstrate the outstanding performance of PyNET-QxQ despite significant parameter reductions.      
### 73.Multi-Scale Adaptive Network for Single Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04313.pdf)
>  Multi-scale architectures have shown effectiveness in a variety of tasks including single image denoising, thanks to appealing cross-scale complementarity. However, existing methods treat different scale features equally without considering their scale-specific characteristics, i.e., the within-scale characteristics are ignored. In this paper, we reveal this missing piece for multi-scale architecture design and accordingly propose a novel Multi-Scale Adaptive Network (MSANet) for single image denoising. To be specific, MSANet simultaneously embraces the within-scale characteristics and the cross-scale complementarity thanks to three novel neural blocks, i.e., adaptive feature block (AFeB), adaptive multi-scale block (AMB), and adaptive fusion block (AFuB). In brief, AFeB is designed to adaptively select details and filter noises, which is highly expected for fine-grained features. AMB could enlarge the receptive field and aggregate the multi-scale information, which is designed to satisfy the demands of both fine- and coarse-grained features. AFuB devotes to adaptively sampling and transferring the features from one scale to another scale, which is used to fuse the features with varying characteristics from coarse to fine. Extensive experiments on both three real and six synthetic noisy image datasets show the superiority of MSANet compared with 12 methods.      
### 74.Breast cancer detection using artificial intelligence techniques: A systematic literature review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04308.pdf)
>  Cancer is one of the most dangerous diseases to humans, and yet no permanent cure has been developed for it. Breast cancer is one of the most common cancer types. According to the National Breast Cancer foundation, in 2020 alone, more than 276,000 new cases of invasive breast cancer and more than 48,000 non-invasive cases were diagnosed in the US. To put these figures in perspective, 64% of these cases are diagnosed early in the disease's cycle, giving patients a 99% chance of survival. Artificial intelligence and machine learning have been used effectively in detection and treatment of several dangerous diseases, helping in early diagnosis and treatment, and thus increasing the patient's chance of survival. Deep learning has been designed to analyze the most important features affecting detection and treatment of serious diseases. For example, breast cancer can be detected using genes or histopathological imaging. Analysis at the genetic level is very expensive, so histopathological imaging is the most common approach used to detect breast cancer. In this research work, we systematically reviewed previous work done on detection and treatment of breast cancer using genetic sequencing or histopathological imaging with the help of deep learning and machine learning. We also provide recommendations to researchers who will work in this field      
### 75.Diffusion Models for Medical Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04306.pdf)
>  In medical applications, weakly supervised anomaly detection methods are of great interest, as only image-level annotations are required for training. Current anomaly detection methods mainly rely on generative adversarial networks or autoencoder models. Those models are often complicated to train or have difficulties to preserve fine details in the image. We present a novel weakly supervised anomaly detection method based on denoising diffusion implicit models. We combine the deterministic iterative noising and denoising scheme with classifier guidance for image-to-image translation between diseased and healthy subjects. Our method generates very detailed anomaly maps without the need for a complex training procedure. We evaluate our method on the BRATS2020 dataset for brain tumor detection and the CheXpert dataset for detecting pleural effusions.      
### 76.Dynamic Dual-Output Diffusion Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04304.pdf)
>  Iterative denoising-based generation, also known as denoising diffusion models, has recently been shown to be comparable in quality to other classes of generative models, and even surpass them. Including, in particular, Generative Adversarial Networks, which are currently the state of the art in many sub-tasks of image generation. However, a major drawback of this method is that it requires hundreds of iterations to produce a competitive result. Recent works have proposed solutions that allow for faster generation with fewer iterations, but the image quality gradually deteriorates with increasingly fewer iterations being applied during generation. In this paper, we reveal some of the causes that affect the generation quality of diffusion models, especially when sampling with few iterations, and come up with a simple, yet effective, solution to mitigate them. We consider two opposite equations for the iterative denoising, the first predicts the applied noise, and the second predicts the image directly. Our solution takes the two options and learns to dynamically alternate between them through the denoising process. Our proposed solution is general and can be applied to any existing diffusion model. As we show, when applied to various SOTA architectures, our solution immediately improves their generation quality, with negligible added complexity and parameters. We experiment on multiple datasets and configurations and run an extensive ablation study to support these findings.      
### 77.SuperPoint features in endoscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04302.pdf)
>  There is often a significant gap between research results and applicability in routine medical practice. This work studies the performance of well-known local features on a medical dataset captured during routine colonoscopy procedures. Local feature extraction and matching is a key step for many computer vision applications, specially regarding 3D modelling. In the medical domain, handcrafted local features such as SIFT, with public pipelines such as COLMAP, are still a predominant tool for this kind of tasks. We explore the potential of the well known self-supervised approach SuperPoint, present an adapted variation for the endoscopic domain and propose a challenging evaluation framework. SuperPoint based models achieve significantly higher matching quality than commonly used local features in this domain. Our adapted model avoids features within specularity regions, a frequent and problematic artifact in endoscopic images, with consequent benefits for matching and reconstruction results.      
### 78.Live Laparoscopic Video Retrieval with Compressed Uncertainty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04301.pdf)
>  Searching through large volumes of medical data to retrieve relevant information is a challenging yet crucial task for clinical care. However the primitive and most common approach to retrieval, involving text in the form of keywords, is severely limited when dealing with complex media formats. Content-based retrieval offers a way to overcome this limitation, by using rich media as the query itself. Surgical video-to-video retrieval in particular is a new and largely unexplored research problem with high clinical value, especially in the real-time case: using real-time video hashing, search can be achieved directly inside of the operating room. Indeed, the process of hashing converts large data entries into compact binary arrays or hashes, enabling large-scale search operations at a very fast rate. However, due to fluctuations over the course of a video, not all bits in a given hash are equally reliable. In this work, we propose a method capable of mitigating this uncertainty while maintaining a light computational footprint. We present superior retrieval results (3-4 % top 10 mean average precision) on a multi-task evaluation protocol for surgery, using cholecystectomy phases, bypass phases, and coming from an entirely new dataset introduced here, critical events across six different surgery types. Success on this multi-task benchmark shows the generalizability of our approach for surgical video retrieval.      
### 79.UENAS: A Unified Evolution-based NAS Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04300.pdf)
>  Neural architecture search (NAS) has gained significant attention for automatic network design in recent years. Previous NAS methods suffer from limited search spaces, which may lead to sub-optimal results. In this paper, we propose UENAS, an evolution-based NAS framework with a broader search space that supports optimizing network architectures, pruning strategies, and hyperparameters simultaneously. To alleviate the huge search cost caused by the expanded search space, three strategies are adopted: First, an adaptive pruning strategy that iteratively trims the average model size in the population without compromising performance. Second, child networks share weights of overlapping layers with pre-trained parent networks to reduce the training epochs. Third, an online predictor scores the joint representations of architecture, pruning strategy, and hyperparameters to filter out inferior combos. By the proposed three strategies, the search efficiency is significantly improved and more well-performed compact networks with tailored hyper-parameters are derived. In experiments, UENAS achieves error rates of 2.81% on CIFAR-10, 20.24% on CIFAR-100, and 33% on Tiny-ImageNet, which shows the effectiveness of our method.      
### 80.Source-free Domain Adaptation for Multi-site and Lifespan Brain Skull Stripping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04299.pdf)
>  Skull stripping is a crucial prerequisite step in the analysis of brain magnetic resonance (MR) images. Although many excellent works or tools have been proposed, they suffer from low generalization capability. For instance, the model trained on a dataset with specific imaging parameters (source domain) cannot be well applied to other datasets with different imaging parameters (target domain). Especially, for the lifespan datasets, the model trained on an adult dataset is not applicable to an infant dataset due to the large domain difference. To address this issue, numerous domain adaptation (DA) methods have been proposed to align the extracted features between the source and target domains, requiring concurrent access to the input images of both domains. Unfortunately, it is problematic to share the images due to privacy. In this paper, we design a source-free domain adaptation framework (SDAF) for multi-site and lifespan skull stripping that can accomplish domain adaptation without access to source domain images. Our method only needs to share the source labels as shape dictionaries and the weights trained on the source data, without disclosing private information from source domain subjects. To deal with the domain shift between multi-site lifespan datasets, we take advantage of the brain shape prior which is invariant to imaging parameters and ages. Experiments demonstrate that our framework can significantly outperform the state-of-the-art methods on multi-site lifespan datasets.      
### 81.Region Specific Optimization (RSO)-based Deep Interactive Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04295.pdf)
>  Medical image registration is a fundamental and vital task which will affect the efficacy of many downstream clinical tasks. Deep learning (DL)-based deformable image registration (DIR) methods have been investigated, showing state-of-the-art performance. A test time optimization (TTO) technique was proposed to further improve the DL models' performance. Despite the substantial accuracy improvement with this TTO technique, there still remained some regions that exhibited large registration errors even after many TTO iterations. To mitigate this challenge, we firstly identified the reason why the TTO technique was slow, or even failed, to improve those regions' registration results. We then proposed a two-levels TTO technique, i.e., image-specific optimization (ISO) and region-specific optimization (RSO), where the region can be interactively indicated by the clinician during the registration result reviewing process. For both efficiency and accuracy, we further envisioned a three-step DL-based image registration workflow. Experimental results showed that our proposed method outperformed the conventional method qualitatively and quantitatively.      
### 82.NaviAirway: a bronchiole-sensitive deep learning-based airway segmentation pipeline for planning of navigation bronchoscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04294.pdf)
>  Navigation bronchoscopy is a minimally invasive procedure in which doctors pass a bronchoscope into a subject's airways to sample the target pulmonary lesion. A three-dimensional (3D) airway roadmap reconstructed from Computer Tomography (CT) scans is a prerequisite for this procedure, especially when the target is distally located. Therefore, an accurate and efficient airway segmentation algorithm is essential to reduce bronchoscopists' burden of pre-procedural airway identification as well as patients' discomfort during the prolonged procedure. However, airway segmentation remains a challenging task because of the intrinsic complex tree-like structure, imbalanced sizes of airway branches, potential domain shifts of CT scans, and few available labeled images. To address these problems, we present a deep learning-based pipeline, denoted as NaviAirway, which finds finer bronchioles through four major novel components - feature extractor modules in model architecture design, a bronchiole-sensitive loss function, a human-vision-inspired iterative training strategy, and a semi-supervised learning framework to utilize unlabeled CT images. Experimental results showed that NaviAirway outperformed existing methods, particularly in identification of higher generation bronchioles and robustness to new CT scans. On average, NaviAirway takes five minutes to segment the CT scans of one patient on a GPU-embedded computer. Moreover, we propose two new metrics to complement conventional ones for a more comprehensive and fairer evaluation of deep learning-based airway segmentation approaches. The code is publicly available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/AntonotnaWang/NaviAirway" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 83.Towards performant and reliable undersampled MR reconstruction via diffusion model sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04292.pdf)
>  Magnetic Resonance (MR) image reconstruction from under-sampled acquisition promises faster scanning time. To this end, current State-of-The-Art (SoTA) approaches leverage deep neural networks and supervised training to learn a recovery model. While these approaches achieve impressive performances, the learned model can be fragile on unseen degradation, e.g. when given a different acceleration factor. These methods are also generally deterministic and provide a single solution to an ill-posed problem; as such, it can be difficult for practitioners to understand the reliability of the reconstruction. We introduce DiffuseRecon, a novel diffusion model-based MR reconstruction method. DiffuseRecon guides the generation process based on the observed signals and a pre-trained diffusion model, and does not require additional training on specific acceleration factors. DiffuseRecon is stochastic in nature and generates results from a distribution of fully-sampled MR images; as such, it allows us to explicitly visualize different potential reconstruction solutions. Lastly, DiffuseRecon proposes an accelerated, coarse-to-fine Monte-Carlo sampling scheme to approximate the most likely reconstruction candidate. The proposed DiffuseRecon achieves SoTA performances reconstructing from raw acquisition signals in fastMRI and SKM-TEA.      
### 84.Learning from Few Examples: A Summary of Approaches to Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04291.pdf)
>  Few-Shot Learning refers to the problem of learning the underlying pattern in the data just from a few training samples. Requiring a large number of data samples, many deep learning solutions suffer from data hunger and extensively high computation time and resources. Furthermore, data is often not available due to not only the nature of the problem or privacy concerns but also the cost of data preparation. Data collection, preprocessing, and labeling are strenuous human tasks. Therefore, few-shot learning that could drastically reduce the turnaround time of building machine learning applications emerges as a low-cost solution. This survey paper comprises a representative list of recently proposed few-shot learning algorithms. Given the learning dynamics and characteristics, the approaches to few-shot learning problems are discussed in the perspectives of meta-learning, transfer learning, and hybrid approaches (i.e., different variations of the few-shot learning problem).      
### 85.Residual Aligner Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04290.pdf)
>  Image registration is important for medical imaging, the estimation of the spatial transformation between different images. Many previous studies have used learning-based methods for coarse-to-fine registration to efficiently perform 3D image registration. The coarse-to-fine approach, however, is limited when dealing with the different motions of nearby objects. Here we propose a novel Motion-Aware (MA) structure that captures the different motions in a region. The MA structure incorporates a novel Residual Aligner (RA) module which predicts the multi-head displacement field used to disentangle the different motions of multiple neighbouring objects. Compared with other deep learning methods, the network based on the MA structure and RA module achieve one of the most accurate unsupervised inter-subject registration on the 9 organs of assorted sizes in abdominal CT scans, with the highest-ranked registration of the veins (Dice Similarity Coefficient / Average surface distance: 62\%/4.9mm for the vena cava and 34\%/7.9mm for the portal and splenic vein), with a half-sized structure and more efficient computation. Applied to the segmentation of lungs in chest CT scans, the new network achieves results which were indistinguishable from the best-ranked networks (94\%/3.0mm). Additionally, the theorem on predicted motion pattern and the design of MA structure are validated by further analysis.      
