# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 15 Mar 2022
### 1.Implicit Motion Handling for Video Camouflaged Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07363.pdf)
>  We propose a new video camouflaged object detection (VCOD) framework that can exploit both short-term dynamics and long-term temporal consistency to detect camouflaged objects from video frames. An essential property of camouflaged objects is that they usually exhibit patterns similar to the background and thus make them hard to identify from still images. Therefore, effectively handling temporal dynamics in videos becomes the key for the VCOD task as the camouflaged objects will be noticeable when they move. However, current VCOD methods often leverage homography or optical flows to represent motions, where the detection error may accumulate from both the motion estimation error and the segmentation error. On the other hand, our method unifies motion estimation and object segmentation within a single optimization framework. Specifically, we build a dense correlation volume to implicitly capture motions between neighbouring frames and utilize the final segmentation supervision to optimize the implicit motion estimation and segmentation jointly. Furthermore, to enforce temporal consistency within a video sequence, we jointly utilize a spatio-temporal transformer to refine the short-term predictions. Extensive experiments on VCOD benchmarks demonstrate the architectural effectiveness of our approach. We also provide a large-scale VCOD dataset named MoCA-Mask with pixel-level handcrafted ground-truth masks and construct a comprehensive VCOD benchmark with previous methods to facilitate research in this direction. Dataset Link: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://xueliancheng.github.io/SLT-Net-project" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.Federated Cycling (FedCy): Semi-supervised Federated Learning of Surgical Phases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07345.pdf)
>  Recent advancements in deep learning methods bring computer-assistance a step closer to fulfilling promises of safer surgical procedures. However, the generalizability of such methods is often dependent on training on diverse datasets from multiple medical institutions, which is a restrictive requirement considering the sensitive nature of medical data. Recently proposed collaborative learning methods such as Federated Learning (FL) allow for training on remote datasets without the need to explicitly share data. Even so, data annotation still represents a bottleneck, particularly in medicine and surgery where clinical expertise is often required. With these constraints in mind, we propose FedCy, a federated semi-supervised learning (FSSL) method that combines FL and self-supervised learning to exploit a decentralized dataset of both labeled and unlabeled videos, thereby improving performance on the task of surgical phase recognition. By leveraging temporal patterns in the labeled data, FedCy helps guide unsupervised training on unlabeled data towards learning task-specific features for phase recognition. We demonstrate significant performance gains over state-of-the-art FSSL methods on the task of automatic recognition of surgical phases using a newly collected multi-institutional dataset of laparoscopic cholecystectomy videos. Furthermore, we demonstrate that our approach also learns more generalizable features when tested on data from an unseen domain.      
### 3.Defending From Physically-Realizable Adversarial Attacks Through Internal Over-Activation Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07341.pdf)
>  This work presents Z-Mask, a robust and effective strategy to improve the adversarial robustness of convolutional networks against physically-realizable adversarial attacks. The presented defense relies on specific Z-score analysis performed on the internal network features to detect and mask the pixels corresponding to adversarial objects in the input image. To this end, spatially contiguous activations are examined in shallow and deep layers to suggest potential adversarial regions. Such proposals are then aggregated through a multi-thresholding mechanism. The effectiveness of Z-Mask is evaluated with an extensive set of experiments carried out on models for both semantic segmentation and object detection. The evaluation is performed with both digital patches added to the input images and printed patches positioned in the real world. The obtained results confirm that Z-Mask outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in terms of both detection accuracy and overall performance of the networks under attack. Additional experiments showed that Z-Mask is also robust against possible defense-aware attacks.      
### 4.GCFSR: a Generative and Controllable Face Super Resolution Method Without Facial and GAN Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07319.pdf)
>  Face image super resolution (face hallucination) usually relies on facial priors to restore realistic details and preserve identity information. Recent advances can achieve impressive results with the help of GAN prior. They either design complicated modules to modify the fixed GAN prior or adopt complex training strategies to finetune the generator. In this work, we propose a generative and controllable face SR framework, called GCFSR, which can reconstruct images with faithful identity information without any additional priors. Generally, GCFSR has an encoder-generator architecture. Two modules called style modulation and feature modulation are designed for the multi-factor SR task. The style modulation aims to generate realistic face details and the feature modulation dynamically fuses the multi-level encoded features and the generated ones conditioned on the upscaling factor. The simple and elegant architecture can be trained from scratch in an end-to-end manner. For small upscaling factors (&lt;=8), GCFSR can produce surprisingly good results with only adversarial loss. After adding L1 and perceptual losses, GCFSR can outperform state-of-the-art methods for large upscaling factors (16, 32, 64). During the test phase, we can modulate the generative strength via feature modulation by changing the conditional upscaling factor continuously to achieve various generative effects.      
### 5.S5CL: Unifying Fully-Supervised, Self-Supervised, and Semi-Supervised Learning Through Hierarchical Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07307.pdf)
>  In computational pathology, we often face a scarcity of annotations and a large amount of unlabeled data. One method for dealing with this is semi-supervised learning which is commonly split into a self-supervised pretext task and a subsequent model fine-tuning. Here, we compress this two-stage training into one by introducing S5CL, a unified framework for fully-supervised, self-supervised, and semi-supervised learning. With three contrastive losses defined for labeled, unlabeled, and pseudo-labeled images, S5CL can learn feature representations that reflect the hierarchy of distance relationships: similar images and augmentations are embedded the closest, followed by different looking images of the same class, while images from separate classes have the largest distance. Moreover, S5CL allows us to flexibly combine these losses to adapt to different scenarios. Evaluations of our framework on two public histopathological datasets show strong improvements in the case of sparse labels: for a H&amp;E-stained colorectal cancer dataset, the accuracy increases by up to 9% compared to supervised cross-entropy loss; for a highly imbalanced dataset of single white blood cells from leukemia patient blood smears, the F1-score increases by up to 6%.      
### 6.All in One: Exploring Unified Video-Language Pre-training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07303.pdf)
>  Mainstream Video-Language Pre-training models \cite{actbert,clipbert,violet} consist of three parts, a video encoder, a text encoder, and a video-text fusion Transformer. They pursue better performance via utilizing heavier unimodal encoders or multimodal fusion Transformers, resulting in increased parameters with lower efficiency in downstream tasks. In this work, we for the first time introduce an end-to-end video-language model, namely \textit{all-in-one Transformer}, that embeds raw video and textual signals into joint representations using a unified backbone architecture. We argue that the unique temporal information of video data turns out to be a key barrier hindering the design of a modality-agnostic Transformer. To overcome the challenge, we introduce a novel and effective token rolling operation to encode temporal representations from video clips in a non-parametric manner. The careful design enables the representation learning of both video-text multimodal inputs and unimodal inputs using a unified backbone model. Our pre-trained all-in-one Transformer is transferred to various downstream video-text tasks after fine-tuning, including text-video retrieval, video-question answering, multiple choice and visual commonsense reasoning. State-of-the-art performances with the minimal model FLOPs on nine datasets demonstrate the superiority of our method compared to the competitive counterparts. The code and pretrained model have been released in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/showlab/all-in-one" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.Mobile Behavioral Biometrics for Passive Authentication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07300.pdf)
>  Current mobile user authentication systems based on PIN codes, fingerprint, and face recognition have several shortcomings. Such limitations have been addressed in the literature by exploring the feasibility of passive authentication on mobile devices through behavioral biometrics. In this line of research, this work carries out a comparative analysis of unimodal and multimodal behavioral biometric traits acquired while the subjects perform different activities on the phone such as typing, scrolling, drawing a number, and tapping on the screen, considering the touchscreen and the simultaneous background sensor data (accelerometer, gravity sensor, gyroscope, linear accelerometer, and magnetometer). Our experiments are performed over HuMIdb, one of the largest and most comprehensive freely available mobile user interaction databases to date. A separate Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) with triplet loss is implemented for each single modality. Then, the weighted fusion of the different modalities is carried out at score level. In our experiments, the most discriminative background sensor is the magnetometer, whereas among touch tasks the best results are achieved with keystroke in a fixed-text scenario. In all cases, the fusion of modalities is very beneficial, leading to Equal Error Rates (EER) ranging from 4% to 9% depending on the modality combination in a 3-second interval.      
### 8.InsetGAN for Full-Body Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07293.pdf)
>  While GANs can produce photo-realistic images in ideal conditions for certain domains, the generation of full-body human images remains difficult due to the diversity of identities, hairstyles, clothing, and the variance in pose. Instead of modeling this complex domain with a single GAN, we propose a novel method to combine multiple pretrained GANs, where one GAN generates a global canvas (e.g., human body) and a set of specialized GANs, or insets, focus on different parts (e.g., faces, shoes) that can be seamlessly inserted onto the global canvas. We model the problem as jointly exploring the respective latent spaces such that the generated images can be combined, by inserting the parts from the specialized generators onto the global canvas, without introducing seams. We demonstrate the setup by combining a full body GAN with a dedicated high-quality face GAN to produce plausible-looking humans. We evaluate our results with quantitative metrics and user studies.      
### 9.FisheyeHDK: Hyperbolic Deformable Kernel Learning for Ultra-Wide Field-of-View Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07255.pdf)
>  Conventional convolution neural networks (CNNs) trained on narrow Field-of-View (FoV) images are the state-of-the-art approaches for object recognition tasks. Some methods proposed the adaptation of CNNs to ultra-wide FoV images by learning deformable kernels. However, they are limited by the Euclidean geometry and their accuracy degrades under strong distortions caused by fisheye projections. In this work, we demonstrate that learning the shape of convolution kernels in non-Euclidean spaces is better than existing deformable kernel methods. In particular, we propose a new approach that learns deformable kernel parameters (positions) in hyperbolic space. FisheyeHDK is a hybrid CNN architecture combining hyperbolic and Euclidean convolution layers for positions and features learning. First, we provide an intuition of hyperbolic space for wide FoV images. Using synthetic distortion profiles, we demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach. We select two datasets - Cityscapes and BDD100K 2020 - of perspective images which we transform to fisheye equivalents at different scaling factors (analog to focal lengths). Finally, we provide an experiment on data collected by a real fisheye camera. Validations and experiments show that our approach improves existing deformable kernel methods for CNN adaptation on fisheye images.      
### 10.TransCAM: Transformer Attention-based CAM Refinement for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07239.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised semantic segmentation (WSSS) with only image-level supervision is a challenging task. Most existing methods exploit Class Activation Maps (CAM) to generate pixel-level pseudo labels for supervised training. However, due to the local receptive field of Convolution Neural Networks (CNN), CAM applied to CNNs often suffers from partial activation -- highlighting the most discriminative part instead of the entire object area. In order to capture both local features and global representations, the Conformer has been proposed to combine a visual transformer branch with a CNN branch. In this paper, we propose TransCAM, a Conformer-based solution to WSSS that explicitly leverages the attention weights from the transformer branch of the Conformer to refine the CAM generated from the CNN branch. TransCAM is motivated by our observation that attention weights from shallow transformer blocks are able to capture low-level spatial feature similarities while attention weights from deep transformer blocks capture high-level semantic context. Despite its simplicity, TransCAM achieves a new state-of-the-art performance of 69.3% and 69.6% on the respective PASCAL VOC 2012 validation and test sets, showing the effectiveness of transformer attention-based refinement of CAM for WSSS.      
### 11.CLIP Models are Few-shot Learners: Empirical Studies on VQA and Visual Entailment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07190.pdf)
>  CLIP has shown a remarkable zero-shot capability on a wide range of vision tasks. Previously, CLIP is only regarded as a powerful visual encoder. However, after being pre-trained by language supervision from a large amount of image-caption pairs, CLIP itself should also have acquired some few-shot abilities for vision-language tasks. In this work, we empirically show that CLIP can be a strong vision-language few-shot learner by leveraging the power of language. We first evaluate CLIP's zero-shot performance on a typical visual question answering task and demonstrate a zero-shot cross-modality transfer capability of CLIP on the visual entailment task. Then we propose a parameter-efficient fine-tuning strategy to boost the few-shot performance on the vqa task. We achieve competitive zero/few-shot results on the visual question answering and visual entailment tasks without introducing any additional pre-training procedure.      
### 12.LiDAR-based 4D Panoptic Segmentation via Dynamic Shifting Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07186.pdf)
>  With the rapid advances of autonomous driving, it becomes critical to equip its sensing system with more holistic 3D perception. However, existing works focus on parsing either the objects (e.g. cars and pedestrians) or scenes (e.g. trees and buildings) from the LiDAR sensor. In this work, we address the task of LiDAR-based panoptic segmentation, which aims to parse both objects and scenes in a unified manner. As one of the first endeavors towards this new challenging task, we propose the Dynamic Shifting Network (DS-Net), which serves as an effective panoptic segmentation framework in the point cloud realm. In particular, DS-Net has three appealing properties: 1) Strong backbone design. DS-Net adopts the cylinder convolution that is specifically designed for LiDAR point clouds. 2) Dynamic Shifting for complex point distributions. We observe that commonly-used clustering algorithms are incapable of handling complex autonomous driving scenes with non-uniform point cloud distributions and varying instance sizes. Thus, we present an efficient learnable clustering module, dynamic shifting, which adapts kernel functions on the fly for different instances. 3) Extension to 4D prediction. Furthermore, we extend DS-Net to 4D panoptic LiDAR segmentation by the temporally unified instance clustering on aligned LiDAR frames. To comprehensively evaluate the performance of LiDAR-based panoptic segmentation, we construct and curate benchmarks from two large-scale autonomous driving LiDAR datasets, SemanticKITTI and nuScenes. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed DS-Net achieves superior accuracies over current state-of-the-art methods in both tasks. Notably, in the single frame version of the task, we outperform the SOTA method by 1.8% in terms of the PQ metric. In the 4D version of the task, we surpass 2nd place by 5.4% in terms of the LSTQ metric.      
### 13.NeILF: Neural Incident Light Field for Physically-based Material Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07182.pdf)
>  We present a differentiable rendering framework for material and lighting estimation from multi-view images and a reconstructed geometry. In the framework, we represent scene lightings as the Neural Incident Light Field (NeILF) and material properties as the surface BRDF modelled by multi-layer perceptrons. Compared with recent approaches that approximate scene lightings as the 2D environment map, NeILF is a fully 5D light field that is capable of modelling illuminations of any static scenes. In addition, occlusions and indirect lights can be handled naturally by the NeILF representation without requiring multiple bounces of ray tracing, making it possible to estimate material properties even for scenes with complex lightings and geometries. We also propose a smoothness regularization and a Lambertian assumption to reduce the material-lighting ambiguity during the optimization. Our method strictly follows the physically-based rendering equation, and jointly optimizes material and lighting through the differentiable rendering process. We have intensively evaluated the proposed method on our in-house synthetic dataset, the DTU MVS dataset, and real-world BlendedMVS scenes. Our method is able to outperform previous methods by a significant margin in terms of novel view rendering quality, setting a new state-of-the-art for image-based material and lighting estimation.      
### 14.RAUM-VO: Rotational Adjusted Unsupervised Monocular Visual Odometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07162.pdf)
>  Unsupervised learning for monocular camera motion and 3D scene understanding has gained popularity over traditional methods, relying on epipolar geometry or non-linear optimization. Notably, deep learning can overcome many issues of monocular vision, such as perceptual aliasing, low-textured areas, scale-drift, and degenerate motions. Also, concerning supervised learning, we can fully leverage video streams data without the need for depth or motion labels. However, in this work, we note that rotational motion can limit the accuracy of the unsupervised pose networks more than the translational component. Therefore, we present RAUM-VO, an approach based on a model-free epipolar constraint for frame-to-frame motion estimation (F2F) to adjust the rotation during training and online inference. To this end, we match 2D keypoints between consecutive frames using pre-trained deep networks, Superpoint and Superglue, while training a network for depth and pose estimation using an unsupervised training protocol. Then, we adjust the predicted rotation with the motion estimated by F2F using the 2D matches and initializing the solver with the pose network prediction. Ultimately, RAUM-VO shows a considerable accuracy improvement compared to other unsupervised pose networks on the KITTI dataset while reducing the complexity of other hybrid or traditional approaches and achieving comparable state-of-the-art results.      
### 15.CAR: Class-aware Regularizations for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07160.pdf)
>  Recent segmentation methods, such as OCR and CPNet, utilizing "class level" information in addition to pixel features, have achieved notable success for boosting the accuracy of existing network modules. However, the extracted class-level information was simply concatenated to pixel features, without explicitly being exploited for better pixel representation learning. Moreover, these approaches learn soft class centers based on coarse mask prediction, which is prone to error accumulation. In this paper, aiming to use class level information more effectively, we propose a universal Class-Aware Regularization (CAR) approach to optimize the intra-class variance and inter-class distance during feature learning, motivated by the fact that humans can recognize an object by itself no matter which other objects it appears with. Three novel loss functions are proposed. The first loss function encourages more compact class representations within each class, the second directly maximizes the distance between different class centers, and the third further pushes the distance between inter-class centers and pixels. Furthermore, the class center in our approach is directly generated from ground truth instead of from the error-prone coarse prediction. Our method can be easily applied to most existing segmentation models during training, including OCR and CPNet, and can largely improve their accuracy at no additional inference overhead. Extensive experiments and ablation studies conducted on multiple benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed CAR can boost the accuracy of all baseline models by up to 2.23% mIOU with superior generalization ability. The complete code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/edwardyehuang/CAR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 16.Towards More Efficient EfficientDets and Low-Light Real-Time Marine Debris Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07155.pdf)
>  Marine debris is a problem both for the health of marine environments and for the human health since tiny pieces of plastic called "microplastics" resulting from the debris decomposition over the time are entering the food chain at any levels. For marine debris detection and removal, autonomous underwater vehicles (AUVs) are a potential solution. In this letter, we focus on the efficiency of AUV vision for real-time and low-light object detection. First, we improved the efficiency of a class of state-of-the-art object detectors, namely EfficientDets, by 1.5% AP on D0, 2.6% AP on D1, 1.2% AP on D2 and 1.3% AP on D3 without increasing the GPU latency. Subsequently, we created and made publicly available a dataset for the detection of in-water plastic bags and bottles and trained our improved EfficientDets on this and another dataset for marine debris detection. Finally, we investigated how the detector performance is affected by low-light conditions and compared two low-light underwater image enhancement strategies both in terms of accuracy and latency. Source code and dataset are publicly available.      
### 17.Adversarial amplitude swap towards robust image classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07138.pdf)
>  The vulnerability of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to image perturbations such as common corruptions and adversarial perturbations has recently been investigated from the perspective of frequency. In this study, we investigate the effect of the amplitude and phase spectra of adversarial images on the robustness of CNN classifiers. Extensive experiments revealed that the images generated by combining the amplitude spectrum of adversarial images and the phase spectrum of clean images accommodates moderate and general perturbations, and training with these images equips a CNN classifier with more general robustness, performing well under both common corruptions and adversarial perturbations. We also found that two types of overfitting (catastrophic overfitting and robust overfitting) can be circumvented by the aforementioned spectrum recombination. We believe that these results contribute to the understanding and the training of truly robust classifiers.      
### 18.EIT: Efficiently Lead Inductive Biases to ViT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07116.pdf)
>  Vision Transformer (ViT) depends on properties similar to the inductive bias inherent in Convolutional Neural Networks to perform better on non-ultra-large scale datasets. In this paper, we propose an architecture called Efficiently lead Inductive biases to ViT (EIT), which can effectively lead the inductive biases to both phases of ViT. In the Patches Projection phase, a convolutional max-pooling structure is used to produce overlapping patches. In the Transformer Encoder phase, we design a novel inductive bias introduction structure called decreasing convolution, which is introduced parallel to the multi-headed attention module, by which the embedding's different channels are processed respectively. In four popular small-scale datasets, compared with ViT, EIT has an accuracy improvement of 12.6% on average with fewer parameters and FLOPs. Compared with ResNet, EIT exhibits higher accuracy with only 17.7% parameters and fewer FLOPs. Finally, ablation studies show that the EIT is efficient and does not require position embedding. Code is coming soon: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MrHaiPi/EIT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 19.RCL: Recurrent Continuous Localization for Temporal Action Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07112.pdf)
>  Temporal representation is the cornerstone of modern action detection techniques. State-of-the-art methods mostly rely on a dense anchoring scheme, where anchors are sampled uniformly over the temporal domain with a discretized grid, and then regress the accurate boundaries. In this paper, we revisit this foundational stage and introduce Recurrent Continuous Localization (RCL), which learns a fully continuous anchoring representation. Specifically, the proposed representation builds upon an explicit model conditioned with video embeddings and temporal coordinates, which ensure the capability of detecting segments with arbitrary length. To optimize the continuous representation, we develop an effective scale-invariant sampling strategy and recurrently refine the prediction in subsequent iterations. Our continuous anchoring scheme is fully differentiable, allowing to be seamlessly integrated into existing detectors, e.g., BMN and G-TAD. Extensive experiments on two benchmarks demonstrate that our continuous representation steadily surpasses other discretized counterparts by ~2% mAP. As a result, RCL achieves 52.92% mAP@0.5 on THUMOS14 and 37.65% mAP on ActivtiyNet v1.3, outperforming all existing single-model detectors.      
### 20.Disentangled Representation Learning for Text-Video Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07111.pdf)
>  Cross-modality interaction is a critical component in Text-Video Retrieval (TVR), yet there has been little examination of how different influencing factors for computing interaction affect performance. This paper first studies the interaction paradigm in depth, where we find that its computation can be split into two terms, the interaction contents at different granularity and the matching function to distinguish pairs with the same semantics. We also observe that the single-vector representation and implicit intensive function substantially hinder the optimization. Based on these findings, we propose a disentangled framework to capture a sequential and hierarchical representation. Firstly, considering the natural sequential structure in both text and video inputs, a Weighted Token-wise Interaction (WTI) module is performed to decouple the content and adaptively exploit the pair-wise correlations. This interaction can form a better disentangled manifold for sequential inputs. Secondly, we introduce a Channel DeCorrelation Regularization (CDCR) to minimize the redundancy between the components of the compared vectors, which facilitate learning a hierarchical representation. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the disentangled representation on various benchmarks, e.g., surpassing CLIP4Clip largely by +2.9%, +3.1%, +7.9%, +2.3%, +2.8% and +6.5% R@1 on the MSR-VTT, MSVD, VATEX, LSMDC, AcitivityNet, and DiDeMo, respectively.      
### 21.A Two-Block RNN-based Trajectory Prediction from Incomplete Trajectory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07098.pdf)
>  Trajectory prediction has gained great attention and significant progress has been made in recent years. However, most works rely on a key assumption that each video is successfully preprocessed by detection and tracking algorithms and the complete observed trajectory is always available. However, in complex real-world environments, we often encounter miss-detection of target agents (e.g., pedestrian, vehicles) caused by the bad image conditions, such as the occlusion by other agents. In this paper, we address the problem of trajectory prediction from incomplete observed trajectory due to miss-detection, where the observed trajectory includes several missing data points. We introduce a two-block RNN model that approximates the inference steps of the Bayesian filtering framework and seeks the optimal estimation of the hidden state when miss-detection occurs. The model uses two RNNs depending on the detection result. One RNN approximates the inference step of the Bayesian filter with the new measurement when the detection succeeds, while the other does the approximation when the detection fails. Our experiments show that the proposed model improves the prediction accuracy compared to the three baseline imputation methods on publicly available datasets: ETH and UCY ($9\%$ and $7\%$ improvement on the ADE and FDE metrics). We also show that our proposed method can achieve better prediction compared to the baselines when there is no miss-detection.      
### 22.Human Attention Detection Using AM-FM Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07093.pdf)
>  Human activity detection from digital videos presents many challenges to the computer vision and image processing communities. Recently, many methods have been developed to detect human activities with varying degree of success. Yet, the general human activity detection problem remains very challenging, especially when the methods need to work 'in the wild' (e.g., without having precise control over the imaging geometry). The thesis explores phase-based solutions for (i) detecting faces, (ii) back of the heads, (iii) joint detection of faces and back of the heads, and (iv) whether the head is looking to the left or the right, using standard video cameras without any control on the imaging geometry. The proposed phase-based approach is based on the development of simple and robust methods that rely on the use of Amplitude Modulation- Frequency Modulation (AM-FM) models. The approach is validated using video frames extracted from the Advancing Out-of-school Learning in Mathematics and Engineering (AOLME) project. The dataset consisted of 13,265 images from ten students looking at the camera, and 6,122 images from five students looking away from the camera. For the students facing the camera, the method was able to correctly classify 97.1% of them looking to the left and 95.9% of them looking to the right. For the students facing the back of the camera, the method was able to correctly classify 87.6% of them looking to the left and 93.3% of them looking to the right. The results indicate that AM-FM based methods hold great promise for analyzing human activity videos.      
### 23.MDMMT-2: Multidomain Multimodal Transformer for Video Retrieval, One More Step Towards Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07086.pdf)
>  In this work we present a new State-of-The-Art on the text-to-video retrieval task on MSR-VTT, LSMDC, MSVD, YouCook2 and TGIF obtained by a single model. Three different data sources are combined: weakly-supervised videos, crowd-labeled text-image pairs and text-video pairs. A careful analysis of available pre-trained networks helps to choose the best prior-knowledge ones. We introduce three-stage training procedure that provides high transfer knowledge efficiency and allows to use noisy datasets during training without prior knowledge degradation. Additionally, double positional encoding is used for better fusion of different modalities and a simple method for non-square inputs processing is suggested.      
### 24.MotionSC: Data Set and Network for Real-Time Semantic Mapping in Dynamic Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07060.pdf)
>  This work addresses a gap in semantic scene completion (SSC) data by creating a novel outdoor data set with accurate and complete dynamic scenes. Our data set is formed from randomly sampled views of the world at each time step, which supervises generalizability to complete scenes without occlusions or traces. We create SSC baselines from state-of-the-art open source networks and construct a benchmark real-time dense local semantic mapping algorithm, MotionSC, by leveraging recent 3D deep learning architectures to enhance SSC with temporal information. Our network shows that the proposed data set can quantify and supervise accurate scene completion in the presence of dynamic objects, which can lead to the development of improved dynamic mapping algorithms. All software is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/UMich-CURLY/3DMapping" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.Self-Promoted Supervision for Few-Shot Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07057.pdf)
>  The few-shot learning ability of vision transformers (ViTs) is rarely investigated though heavily desired. In this work, we empirically find that with the same few-shot learning frameworks, e.g., Meta-Baseline, replacing the widely used CNN feature extractor with a ViT model often severely impairs few-shot classification performance. Moreover, our empirical study shows that in the absence of inductive bias, ViTs often learn the dependencies among input tokens slowly under few-shot learning regime where only a few labeled training data are available, which largely contributes to the above performance degradation. To alleviate this issue, for the first time, we propose a simple yet effective few-shot training framework for ViTs, namely Self-promoted sUpervisioN (SUN). Specifically, besides the conventional global supervision for global semantic learning, SUN further pretrains the ViT on the few-shot learning dataset and then uses it to generate individual location-specific supervision for guiding each patch token. This location-specific supervision tells the ViT which patch tokens are similar or dissimilar and thus accelerates token dependency learning. Moreover, it models the local semantics in each patch token to improve the object grounding and recognition capability which helps learn generalizable patterns. To improve the quality of location-specific supervision, we further propose two techniques:~1) background patch filtration to filtrate background patches out and assign them into an extra background class; and 2) spatial-consistent augmentation to introduce sufficient diversity for data augmentation while keeping the accuracy of the generated local supervisions. Experimental results show that SUN using ViTs significantly surpasses other few-shot learning frameworks with ViTs and is the first one that achieves higher performance than those CNN state-of-the-arts.      
### 26.Active Learning by Feature Mixing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07034.pdf)
>  The promise of active learning (AL) is to reduce labelling costs by selecting the most valuable examples to annotate from a pool of unlabelled data. Identifying these examples is especially challenging with high-dimensional data (e.g. images, videos) and in low-data regimes. In this paper, we propose a novel method for batch AL called ALFA-Mix. We identify unlabelled instances with sufficiently-distinct features by seeking inconsistencies in predictions resulting from interventions on their representations. We construct interpolations between representations of labelled and unlabelled instances then examine the predicted labels. We show that inconsistencies in these predictions help discovering features that the model is unable to recognise in the unlabelled instances. We derive an efficient implementation based on a closed-form solution to the optimal interpolation causing changes in predictions. Our method outperforms all recent AL approaches in 30 different settings on 12 benchmarks of images, videos, and non-visual data. The improvements are especially significant in low-data regimes and on self-trained vision transformers, where ALFA-Mix outperforms the state-of-the-art in 59% and 43% of the experiments respectively.      
### 27.Extracting associations and meanings of objects depicted in artworks through bi-modal deep networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07026.pdf)
>  We present a novel bi-modal system based on deep networks to address the problem of learning associations and simple meanings of objects depicted in "authored" images, such as fine art paintings and drawings. Our overall system processes both the images and associated texts in order to learn associations between images of individual objects, their identities and the abstract meanings they signify. Unlike past deep net that describe depicted objects and infer predicates, our system identifies meaning-bearing objects ("signifiers") and their associations ("signifieds") as well as basic overall meanings for target artworks. Our system had precision of 48% and recall of 78% with an F1 metric of 0.6 on a curated set of Dutch vanitas paintings, a genre celebrated for its concentration on conveying a meaning of great import at the time of their execution. We developed and tested our system on fine art paintings but our general methods can be applied to other authored images.      
### 28.Rethinking Minimal Sufficient Representation in Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07004.pdf)
>  Contrastive learning between different views of the data achieves outstanding success in the field of self-supervised representation learning and the learned representations are useful in broad downstream tasks. Since all supervision information for one view comes from the other view, contrastive learning approximately obtains the minimal sufficient representation which contains the shared information and eliminates the non-shared information between views. Considering the diversity of the downstream tasks, it cannot be guaranteed that all task-relevant information is shared between views. Therefore, we assume the non-shared task-relevant information cannot be ignored and theoretically prove that the minimal sufficient representation in contrastive learning is not sufficient for the downstream tasks, which causes performance degradation. This reveals a new problem that the contrastive learning models have the risk of over-fitting to the shared information between views. To alleviate this problem, we propose to increase the mutual information between the representation and input as regularization to approximately introduce more task-relevant information, since we cannot utilize any downstream task information during training. Extensive experiments verify the rationality of our analysis and the effectiveness of our method. It significantly improves the performance of several classic contrastive learning models in downstream tasks. Our code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Haoqing-Wang/InfoCL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 29.MTLDesc: Looking Wider to Describe Better  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07003.pdf)
>  Limited by the locality of convolutional neural networks, most existing local features description methods only learn local descriptors with local information and lack awareness of global and surrounding spatial context. In this work, we focus on making local descriptors "look wider to describe better" by learning local Descriptors with More Than just Local information (MTLDesc). Specifically, we resort to context augmentation and spatial attention mechanisms to make our MTLDesc obtain non-local awareness. First, Adaptive Global Context Augmented Module and Diverse Local Context Augmented Module are proposed to construct robust local descriptors with context information from global to local. Second, Consistent Attention Weighted Triplet Loss is designed to integrate spatial attention awareness into both optimization and matching stages of local descriptors learning. Third, Local Features Detection with Feature Pyramid is given to obtain more stable and accurate keypoints localization. With the above innovations, the performance of our MTLDesc significantly surpasses the prior state-of-the-art local descriptors on HPatches, Aachen Day-Night localization and InLoc indoor localization benchmarks.      
### 30.Cross-View-Prediction: Exploring Contrastive Feature for Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07000.pdf)
>  This paper presents a self-supervised feature learning method for hyperspectral image classification. Our method tries to construct two different views of the raw hyperspectral image through a cross-representation learning method. And then to learn semantically consistent representation over the created views by contrastive learning method. Specifically, four cross-channel-prediction based augmentation methods are naturally designed to utilize the high dimension characteristic of hyperspectral data for the view construction. And the better representative features are learned by maximizing mutual information and minimizing conditional entropy across different views from our contrastive network. This 'Cross-View-Predicton' style is straightforward and gets the state-of-the-art performance of unsupervised classification with a simple SVM classifier.      
### 31.Supervised segmentation of NO2 plumes from individual ships using TROPOMI satellite data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06993.pdf)
>  Starting from 2021, the International Maritime Organization significantly tightened the $\text{NO}_\text{x}$ emission requirements for ships entering the Baltic and North Sea waters. Since all methods currently used for the ships' compliance monitoring are costly and require proximity to the ship, the performance of a global and continuous monitoring of the emission standards' fulfillment has been impossible up to now. A promising approach is the use of remote sensing with the recently launched TROPOMI/S5P satellite. Due to its unprecedentedly high spatial resolution, it allows for the visual distinction of $\text{NO}_\text{2}$ plumes of individual ships. To successfully deploy a compliance monitoring system that is based on TROPOMI data, an automated procedure for the attribution of $\text{NO}_\text{2}$ to individual ships has to be developed. However, due to the extremely low signal-to-noise ratio, interference with the signal from other - often stronger - sources, and the absence of ground truth, the task is very challenging. <br>In this study, we present an automated method for segmentation of plumes produced by individual ships using TROPOMI satellite data - a first step towards the automated procedure for global ship compliance monitoring. We develop a multivariate plume segmentation method based on various ships', wind's and spatial properties. For this, we propose to automatically define a region of interest - a ship sector that we normalize with respect to scale and orientation. We create a dataset, where each pixel has a label for belonging to the respective ship plume or not. We train five linear and nonlinear classifiers. The results show a significant improvement over the threshold-based baselines. Moreover, the aggregated $\text{NO}_\text{2}$ levels of the segmented plumes show high correlation with the theoretically derived measure of ship's emission potential.      
### 32.Blind2Unblind: Self-Supervised Image Denoising with Visible Blind Spots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06967.pdf)
>  Real noisy-clean pairs on a large scale are costly and difficult to obtain. Meanwhile, supervised denoisers trained on synthetic data perform poorly in practice. Self-supervised denoisers, which learn only from single noisy images, solve the data collection problem. However, self-supervised denoising methods, especially blindspot-driven ones, suffer sizable information loss during input or network design. The absence of valuable information dramatically reduces the upper bound of denoising performance. In this paper, we propose a simple yet efficient approach called Blind2Unblind to overcome the information loss in blindspot-driven denoising methods. First, we introduce a global-aware mask mapper that enables global perception and accelerates training. The mask mapper samples all pixels at blind spots on denoised volumes and maps them to the same channel, allowing the loss function to optimize all blind spots at once. Second, we propose a re-visible loss to train the denoising network and make blind spots visible. The denoiser can learn directly from raw noise images without losing information or being trapped in identity mapping. We also theoretically analyze the convergence of the re-visible loss. Extensive experiments on synthetic and real-world datasets demonstrate the superior performance of our approach compared to previous work. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/demonsjin/Blind2Unblind" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.UniVIP: A Unified Framework for Self-Supervised Visual Pre-training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06965.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning (SSL) holds promise in leveraging large amounts of unlabeled data. However, the success of popular SSL methods has limited on single-centric-object images like those in ImageNet and ignores the correlation among the scene and instances, as well as the semantic difference of instances in the scene. To address the above problems, we propose a Unified Self-supervised Visual Pre-training (UniVIP), a novel self-supervised framework to learn versatile visual representations on either single-centric-object or non-iconic dataset. The framework takes into account the representation learning at three levels: 1) the similarity of scene-scene, 2) the correlation of scene-instance, 3) the discrimination of instance-instance. During the learning, we adopt the optimal transport algorithm to automatically measure the discrimination of instances. Massive experiments show that UniVIP pre-trained on non-iconic COCO achieves state-of-the-art transfer performance on a variety of downstream tasks, such as image classification, semi-supervised learning, object detection and segmentation. Furthermore, our method can also exploit single-centric-object dataset such as ImageNet and outperforms BYOL by 2.5% with the same pre-training epochs in linear probing, and surpass current self-supervised object detection methods on COCO dataset, demonstrating its universality and potential.      
### 34.Forward Compatible Few-Shot Class-Incremental Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06953.pdf)
>  Novel classes frequently arise in our dynamically changing world, e.g., new users in the authentication system, and a machine learning model should recognize new classes without forgetting old ones. This scenario becomes more challenging when new class instances are insufficient, which is called few-shot class-incremental learning (FSCIL). Current methods handle incremental learning retrospectively by making the updated model similar to the old one. By contrast, we suggest learning prospectively to prepare for future updates, and propose ForwArd Compatible Training (FACT) for FSCIL. Forward compatibility requires future new classes to be easily incorporated into the current model based on the current stage data, and we seek to realize it by reserving embedding space for future new classes. In detail, we assign virtual prototypes to squeeze the embedding of known classes and reserve for new ones. Besides, we forecast possible new classes and prepare for the updating process. The virtual prototypes allow the model to accept possible updates in the future, which act as proxies scattered among embedding space to build a stronger classifier during inference. FACT efficiently incorporates new classes with forward compatibility and meanwhile resists forgetting of old ones. Extensive experiments validate FACT's state-of-the-art performance. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhoudw-zdw/CVPR22-Fact" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 35.Computer Vision and Deep Learning for Fish Classification in Underwater Habitats: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06951.pdf)
>  Marine scientists use remote underwater video recording to survey fish species in their natural habitats. This helps them understand and predict how fish respond to climate change, habitat degradation, and fishing pressure. This information is essential for developing sustainable fisheries for human consumption, and for preserving the environment. However, the enormous volume of collected videos makes extracting useful information a daunting and time-consuming task for a human. A promising method to address this problem is the cutting-edge Deep Learning (DL) technology.DL can help marine scientists parse large volumes of video promptly and efficiently, unlocking niche information that cannot be obtained using conventional manual monitoring methods. In this paper, we provide an overview of the key concepts of DL, while presenting a survey of literature on fish habitat monitoring with a focus on underwater fish classification. We also discuss the main challenges faced when developing DL for underwater image processing and propose approaches to address them. Finally, we provide insights into the marine habitat monitoring research domain and shed light on what the future of DL for underwater image processing may hold. This paper aims to inform a wide range of readers from marine scientists who would like to apply DL in their research to computer scientists who would like to survey state-of-the-art DL-based underwater fish habitat monitoring literature.      
### 36.XYLayoutLM: Towards Layout-Aware Multimodal Networks For Visually-Rich Document Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06947.pdf)
>  Recently, various multimodal networks for Visually-Rich Document Understanding(VRDU) have been proposed, showing the promotion of transformers by integrating visual and layout information with the text embeddings. However, most existing approaches utilize the position embeddings to incorporate the sequence information, neglecting the noisy improper reading order obtained by OCR tools. In this paper, we propose a robust layout-aware multimodal network named XYLayoutLM to capture and leverage rich layout information from proper reading orders produced by our Augmented XY Cut. Moreover, a Dilated Conditional Position Encoding module is proposed to deal with the input sequence of variable lengths, and it additionally extracts local layout information from both textual and visual modalities while generating position embeddings. Experiment results show that our XYLayoutLM achieves competitive results on document understanding tasks.      
### 37.SimMatch: Semi-supervised Learning with Similarity Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06915.pdf)
>  Learning with few labeled data has been a longstanding problem in the computer vision and machine learning research community. In this paper, we introduced a new semi-supervised learning framework, SimMatch, which simultaneously considers semantic similarity and instance similarity. In SimMatch, the consistency regularization will be applied on both semantic-level and instance-level. The different augmented views of the same instance are encouraged to have the same class prediction and similar similarity relationship respected to other instances. Next, we instantiated a labeled memory buffer to fully leverage the ground truth labels on instance-level and bridge the gaps between the semantic and instance similarities. Finally, we proposed the \textit{unfolding} and \textit{aggregation} operation which allows these two similarities be isomorphically transformed with each other. In this way, the semantic and instance pseudo-labels can be mutually propagated to generate more high-quality and reliable matching targets. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that SimMatch improves the performance of semi-supervised learning tasks across different benchmark datasets and different settings. Notably, with 400 epochs of training, SimMatch achieves 67.2\%, and 74.4\% Top-1 Accuracy with 1\% and 10\% labeled examples on ImageNet, which significantly outperforms the baseline methods and is better than previous semi-supervised learning frameworks. Code and pre-trained models are available at \href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/KyleZheng1997/simmatch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/KyleZheng1997/simmatch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 38.Hierarchical Memory Learning for Fine-Grained Scene Graph Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06907.pdf)
>  As far as Scene Graph Generation (SGG), coarse and fine predicates mix in the dataset due to the crowd-sourced labeling, and the long-tail problem is also pronounced. Given this tricky situation, many existing SGG methods treat the predicates equally and learn the model under the supervision of mixed-granularity predicates in one stage, leading to relatively coarse predictions. In order to alleviate the negative impact of the suboptimum mixed-granularity annotation and long-tail effect problems, this paper proposes a novel Hierarchical Memory Learning (HML) framework to learn the model from simple to complex, which is similar to the human beings' hierarchical memory learning process. After the autonomous partition of coarse and fine predicates, the model is first trained on the coarse predicates and then learns the fine predicates. In order to realize this hierarchical learning pattern, this paper, for the first time, formulates the HML framework using the new Concept Reconstruction (CR) and Model Reconstruction (MR) constraints. It is worth noticing that the HML framework can be taken as one general optimization strategy to improve various SGG models, and significant improvement can be achieved on the SGG benchmark (i.e., Visual Genome).      
### 39.Texture Generation Using Dual-Domain Feature Flow with Multi-View Hallucinations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06901.pdf)
>  We propose a dual-domain generative model to estimate a texture map from a single image for colorizing a 3D human model. When estimating a texture map, a single image is insufficient as it reveals only one facet of a 3D object. To provide sufficient information for estimating a complete texture map, the proposed model simultaneously generates multi-view hallucinations in the image domain and an estimated texture map in the texture domain. During the generating process, each domain generator exchanges features to the other by a flow-based local attention mechanism. In this manner, the proposed model can estimate a texture map utilizing abundant multi-view image features from which multiview hallucinations are generated. As a result, the estimated texture map contains consistent colors and patterns over the entire region. Experiments show the superiority of our model for estimating a directly render-able texture map, which is applicable to 3D animation rendering. Furthermore, our model also improves an overall generation quality in the image domain for pose and viewpoint transfer tasks.      
### 40.Efficient universal shuffle attack for visual object tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06898.pdf)
>  Recently, adversarial attacks have been applied in visual object tracking to deceive deep trackers by injecting imperceptible perturbations into video frames. However, previous work only generates the video-specific perturbations, which restricts its application scenarios. In addition, existing attacks are difficult to implement in reality due to the real-time of tracking and the re-initialization mechanism. To address these issues, we propose an offline universal adversarial attack called Efficient Universal Shuffle Attack. It takes only one perturbation to cause the tracker malfunction on all videos. To improve the computational efficiency and attack performance, we propose a greedy gradient strategy and a triple loss to efficiently capture and attack model-specific feature representations through the gradients. Experimental results show that EUSA can significantly reduce the performance of state-of-the-art trackers on OTB2015 and VOT2018.      
### 41.Attention based Memory video portrait matting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06890.pdf)
>  We proposed a novel trimap free video matting method based on the attention mechanism. By the nature of the problem, most existing approaches use either multiple computational expansive modules or complex algorithms to exploit temporal information fully. We designed a temporal aggregation module to compute the temporal coherence between the current frame and its two previous frames.      
### 42.DKMA-ULD: Domain Knowledge augmented Multi-head Attention based Robust Universal Lesion Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06886.pdf)
>  Incorporating data-specific domain knowledge in deep networks explicitly can provide important cues beneficial for lesion detection and can mitigate the need for diverse heterogeneous datasets for learning robust detectors. In this paper, we exploit the domain information present in computed tomography (CT) scans and propose a robust universal lesion detection (ULD) network that can detect lesions across all organs of the body by training on a single dataset, DeepLesion. We analyze CT-slices of varying intensities, generated using heuristically determined Hounsfield Unit(HU) windows that individually highlight different organs and are given as inputs to the deep network. The features obtained from the multiple intensity images are fused using a novel convolution augmented multi-head self-attention module and subsequently, passed to a Region Proposal Network (RPN) for lesion detection. In addition, we observed that traditional anchor boxes used in RPN for natural images are not suitable for lesion sizes often found in medical images. Therefore, we propose to use lesion-specific anchor sizes and ratios in the RPN for improving the detection performance. We use self-supervision to initialize weights of our network on the DeepLesion dataset to further imbibe domain knowledge. Our proposed Domain Knowledge augmented Multi-head Attention based Universal Lesion Detection Network DMKA-ULD produces refined and precise bounding boxes around lesions across different organs. We evaluate the efficacy of our network on the publicly available DeepLesion dataset which comprises of approximately 32K CT scans with annotated lesions across all organs of the body. Results demonstrate that we outperform existing state-of-the-art methods achieving an overall sensitivity of 87.16%.      
### 43.Accelerating DETR Convergence via Semantic-Aligned Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06883.pdf)
>  The recently developed DEtection TRansformer (DETR) establishes a new object detection paradigm by eliminating a series of hand-crafted components. However, DETR suffers from extremely slow convergence, which increases the training cost significantly. We observe that the slow convergence is largely attributed to the complication in matching object queries with target features in different feature embedding spaces. This paper presents SAM-DETR, a Semantic-Aligned-Matching DETR that greatly accelerates DETR's convergence without sacrificing its accuracy. SAM-DETR addresses the convergence issue from two perspectives. First, it projects object queries into the same embedding space as encoded image features, where the matching can be accomplished efficiently with aligned semantics. Second, it explicitly searches salient points with the most discriminative features for semantic-aligned matching, which further speeds up the convergence and boosts detection accuracy as well. Being like a plug and play, SAM-DETR complements existing convergence solutions well yet only introduces slight computational overhead. Extensive experiments show that the proposed SAM-DETR achieves superior convergence as well as competitive detection accuracy. The implementation codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZhangGongjie/SAM-DETR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 44.TSR-DSAW: Table Structure Recognition via Deep Spatial Association of Words  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06873.pdf)
>  Existing methods for Table Structure Recognition (TSR) from camera-captured or scanned documents perform poorly on complex tables consisting of nested rows / columns, multi-line texts and missing cell data. This is because current data-driven methods work by simply training deep models on large volumes of data and fail to generalize when an unseen table structure is encountered. In this paper, we propose to train a deep network to capture the spatial associations between different word pairs present in the table image for unravelling the table structure. We present an end-to-end pipeline, named TSR-DSAW: TSR via Deep Spatial Association of Words, which outputs a digital representation of a table image in a structured format such as HTML. Given a table image as input, the proposed method begins with the detection of all the words present in the image using a text-detection network like CRAFT which is followed by the generation of word-pairs using dynamic programming. These word-pairs are highlighted in individual images and subsequently, fed into a DenseNet-121 classifier trained to capture spatial associations such as same-row, same-column, same-cell or none. Finally, we perform post-processing on the classifier output to generate the table structure in HTML format. We evaluate our TSR-DSAW pipeline on two public table-image datasets -- PubTabNet and ICDAR 2013, and demonstrate improvement over previous methods such as TableNet and DeepDeSRT.      
### 45.ACID: Action-Conditional Implicit Visual Dynamics for Deformable Object Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06856.pdf)
>  Manipulating volumetric deformable objects in the real world, like plush toys and pizza dough, bring substantial challenges due to infinite shape variations, non-rigid motions, and partial observability. We introduce ACID, an action-conditional visual dynamics model for volumetric deformable objects based on structured implicit neural representations. ACID integrates two new techniques: implicit representations for action-conditional dynamics and geodesics-based contrastive learning. To represent deformable dynamics from partial RGB-D observations, we learn implicit representations of occupancy and flow-based forward dynamics. To accurately identify state change under large non-rigid deformations, we learn a correspondence embedding field through a novel geodesics-based contrastive loss. To evaluate our approach, we develop a simulation framework for manipulating complex deformable shapes in realistic scenes and a benchmark containing over 17,000 action trajectories with six types of plush toys and 78 variants. Our model achieves the best performance in geometry, correspondence, and dynamics predictions over existing approaches. The ACID dynamics models are successfully employed to goal-conditioned deformable manipulation tasks, resulting in a 30% increase in task success rate over the strongest baseline. For more results and information, please visit <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://b0ku1.github.io/acid-web/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 46.RecursiveMix: Mixed Learning with History  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06844.pdf)
>  Mix-based augmentation has been proven fundamental to the generalization of deep vision models. However, current augmentations only mix samples at the current data batch during training, which ignores the possible knowledge accumulated in the learning history. In this paper, we propose a recursive mixed-sample learning paradigm, termed "RecursiveMix" (RM), by exploring a novel training strategy that leverages the historical input-prediction-label triplets. More specifically, we iteratively resize the input image batch from the previous iteration and paste it into the current batch while their labels are fused proportionally to the area of the operated patches. Further, a consistency loss is introduced to align the identical image semantics across the iterations, which helps the learning of scale-invariant feature representations. Based on ResNet-50, RM largely improves classification accuracy by $\sim$3.2\% on CIFAR100 and $\sim$2.8\% on ImageNet with negligible extra computation/storage costs. In the downstream object detection task, the RM pretrained model outperforms the baseline by 2.1 AP points and surpasses CutMix by 1.4 AP points under the ATSS detector on COCO. In semantic segmentation, RM also surpasses the baseline and CutMix by 1.9 and 1.1 mIoU points under UperNet on ADE20K, respectively. Codes and pretrained models are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/megvii-research/RecursiveMix" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 47.STDAN: Deformable Attention Network for Space-Time Video Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06841.pdf)
>  The target of space-time video super-resolution (STVSR) is to increase the spatial-temporal resolution of low-resolution (LR) and low frame rate (LFR) videos. Recent approaches based on deep learning have made significant improvements, but most of them only use two adjacent frames, that is, short-term features, to synthesize the missing frame embedding, which suffers from fully exploring the information flow of consecutive input LR frames. In addition, existing STVSR models hardly exploit the temporal contexts explicitly to assist high-resolution (HR) frame reconstruction. To address these issues, in this paper, we propose a deformable attention network called STDAN for STVSR. First, we devise a long-short term feature interpolation (LSTFI) module, which is capable of excavating abundant content from more neighboring input frames for the interpolation process through a bidirectional RNN structure. Second, we put forward a spatial-temporal deformable feature aggregation (STDFA) module, in which spatial and temporal contexts in dynamic video frames are adaptively captured and aggregated to enhance SR reconstruction. Experimental results on several datasets demonstrate that our approach outperforms state-of-the-art STVSR methods.      
### 48.Bures Joint Distribution Alignment with Dynamic Margin for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06836.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) is one of the prominent tasks of transfer learning, and it provides an effective approach to mitigate the distribution shift between the labeled source domain and the unlabeled target domain. Prior works mainly focus on aligning the marginal distributions or the estimated class-conditional distributions. However, the joint dependency among the feature and the label is crucial for the adaptation task and is not fully exploited. To address this problem, we propose the Bures Joint Distribution Alignment (BJDA) algorithm which directly models the joint distribution shift based on the optimal transport theory in the infinite-dimensional kernel spaces. Specifically, we propose a novel alignment loss term that minimizes the kernel Bures-Wasserstein distance between the joint distributions. Technically, BJDA can effectively capture the nonlinear structures underlying the data. In addition, we introduce a dynamic margin in contrastive learning phase to flexibly characterize the class separability and improve the discriminative ability of representations. It also avoids the cross-validation procedure to determine the margin parameter in traditional triplet loss based methods. Extensive experiments show that BJDA is very effective for the UDA tasks, as it outperforms state-of-the-art algorithms in most experimental settings. In particular, BJDA improves the average accuracy of UDA tasks by 2.8% on Adaptiope, 1.4% on Office-Caltech10, and 1.1% on ImageCLEF-DA.      
### 49.Fairness Evaluation in Deepfake Detection Models using Metamorphic Testing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06825.pdf)
>  Fairness of deepfake detectors in the presence of anomalies are not well investigated, especially if those anomalies are more prominent in either male or female subjects. The primary motivation for this work is to evaluate how deepfake detection model behaves under such anomalies. However, due to the black-box nature of deep learning (DL) and artificial intelligence (AI) systems, it is hard to predict the performance of a model when the input data is modified. Crucially, if this defect is not addressed properly, it will adversely affect the fairness of the model and result in discrimination of certain sub-population unintentionally. Therefore, the objective of this work is to adopt metamorphic testing to examine the reliability of the selected deepfake detection model, and how the transformation of input variation places influence on the output. We have chosen MesoInception-4, a state-of-the-art deepfake detection model, as the target model and makeup as the anomalies. Makeups are applied through utilizing the Dlib library to obtain the 68 facial landmarks prior to filling in the RGB values. Metamorphic relations are derived based on the notion that realistic perturbations of the input images, such as makeup, involving eyeliners, eyeshadows, blushes, and lipsticks (which are common cosmetic appearance) applied to male and female images, should not alter the output of the model by a huge margin. Furthermore, we narrow down the scope to focus on revealing potential gender biases in DL and AI systems. Specifically, we are interested to examine whether MesoInception-4 model produces unfair decisions, which should be considered as a consequence of robustness issues. The findings from our work have the potential to pave the way for new research directions in the quality assurance and fairness in DL and AI systems.      
### 50.Grounding Commands for Autonomous Vehicles via Layer Fusion with Region-specific Dynamic Layer Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06822.pdf)
>  Grounding a command to the visual environment is an essential ingredient for interactions between autonomous vehicles and humans. In this work, we study the problem of language grounding for autonomous vehicles, which aims to localize a region in a visual scene according to a natural language command from a passenger. Prior work only employs the top layer representations of a vision-and-language pre-trained model to predict the region referred to by the command. However, such a method omits the useful features encoded in other layers, and thus results in inadequate understanding of the input scene and command. To tackle this limitation, we present the first layer fusion approach for this task. Since different visual regions may require distinct types of features to disambiguate them from each other, we further propose the region-specific dynamic (RSD) layer attention to adaptively fuse the multimodal information across layers for each region. Extensive experiments on the Talk2Car benchmark demonstrate that our approach helps predict more accurate regions and outperforms state-of-the-art methods.      
### 51.ADAS: A Direct Adaptation Strategy for Multi-Target Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06811.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a direct adaptation strategy (ADAS), which aims to directly adapt a single model to multiple target domains in a semantic segmentation task without pretrained domain-specific models. To do so, we design a multi-target domain transfer network (MTDT-Net) that aligns visual attributes across domains by transferring the domain distinctive features through a new target adaptive denormalization (TAD) module. Moreover, we propose a bi-directional adaptive region selection (BARS) that reduces the attribute ambiguity among the class labels by adaptively selecting the regions with consistent feature statistics. We show that our single MTDT-Net can synthesize visually pleasing domain transferred images with complex driving datasets, and BARS effectively filters out the unnecessary region of training images for each target domain. With the collaboration of MTDT-Net and BARS, our ADAS achieves state-of-the-art performance for multi-target domain adaptation (MTDA). To the best of our knowledge, our method is the first MTDA method that directly adapts to multiple domains in semantic segmentation.      
### 52.Automated Learning for Deformable Medical Image Registration by Jointly Optimizing Network Architectures and Objective Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06810.pdf)
>  Deformable image registration plays a critical role in various tasks of medical image analysis. A successful registration algorithm, either derived from conventional energy optimization or deep networks requires tremendous efforts from computer experts to well design registration energy or to carefully tune network architectures for the specific type of medical data. To tackle the aforementioned problems, this paper proposes an automated learning registration algorithm (AutoReg) that cooperatively optimizes both architectures and their corresponding training objectives, enabling non-computer experts, e.g., medical/clinical users, to conveniently find off-the-shelf registration algorithms for diverse scenarios. Specifically, we establish a triple-level framework to deduce registration network architectures and objectives with an auto-searching mechanism and cooperating optimization. We conduct image registration experiments on multi-site volume datasets and various registration tasks. Extensive results demonstrate that our AutoReg may automatically learn an optimal deep registration network for given volumes and achieve state-of-the-art performance, also significantly improving computation efficiency than the mainstream UNet architectures (from 0.558 to 0.270 seconds for a 3D image pair on the same configuration).      
### 53.Euclidean Invariant Recognition of 2D Shapes Using Histograms of Magnitudes of Local Fourier-Mellin Descriptors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06787.pdf)
>  Because the magnitude of inner products with its basis functions are invariant to rotation and scale change, the Fourier-Mellin transform has long been used as a component in Euclidean invariant 2D shape recognition systems. Yet Fourier-Mellin transform magnitudes are only invariant to rotation and scale changes about a known center point, and full Euclidean invariant shape recognition is not possible except when this center point can be consistently and accurately identified. In this paper, we describe a system where a Fourier-Mellin transform is computed at every point in the image. The spatial support of the Fourier-Mellin basis functions is made local by multiplying them with a polynomial envelope. Significantly, the magnitudes of convolutions with these complex filters at isolated points are not (by themselves) used as features for Euclidean invariant shape recognition because reliable discrimination would require filters with spatial support large enough to fully encompass the shapes. Instead, we rely on the fact that normalized histograms of magnitudes are fully Euclidean invariant. We demonstrate a system based on the VLAD machine learning method that performs Euclidean invariant recognition of 2D shapes and requires an order of magnitude less training data than comparable methods based on convolutional neural networks.      
### 54.Similarity Equivariant Linear Transformation of Joint Orientation-Scale Space Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06786.pdf)
>  Convolution is conventionally defined as a linear operation on functions of one or more variables which commutes with shifts. Group convolution generalizes the concept to linear operations on functions of group elements representing more general geometric transformations and which commute with those transformations. Since similarity transformation is the most general geometric transformation on images that preserves shape, the group convolution that is equivariant to similarity transformation is the most general shape preserving linear operator. Because similarity transformations have four free parameters, group convolutions are defined on four-dimensional, joint orientation-scale spaces. Although prior work on equivariant linear operators has been limited to discrete groups, the similarity group is continuous. In this paper, we describe linear operators on discrete representations that are equivariant to continuous similarity transformation. This is achieved by using a basis of functions that is it joint shiftable-twistable-scalable. These pinwheel functions use Fourier series in the orientation dimension and Laplace transform in the log-scale dimension to form a basis of spatially localized functions that can be continuously interpolated in position, orientation and scale. Although this result is potentially significant with respect to visual computation generally, we present an initial demonstration of its utility by using it to compute a shape equivariant distribution of closed contours traced by particles undergoing Brownian motion in velocity. The contours are constrained by sets of points and line endings representing well known bistable illusory contour inducing patterns.      
### 55.TurbuGAN: An Adversarial Learning Approach to Spatially-Varying Multiframe Blind Deconvolution with Applications to Imaging Through Turbulence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06764.pdf)
>  We present a self-supervised and self-calibrating multi-shot approach to imaging through atmospheric turbulence, called TurbuGAN. Our approach requires no paired training data, adapts itself to the distribution of the turbulence, leverages domain-specific data priors, outperforms existing approaches, and can generalize from tens to tens of thousands of measurements. We achieve such functionality through an adversarial sensing framework adapted from CryoGAN, which uses a discriminator network to match the distributions of captured and simulated measurements. Our framework builds on CryoGAN by (1) generalizing the forward measurement model to incorporate physically accurate and computationally efficient models for light propagation through anisoplanatic turbulence, (2) enabling adaptation to slightly misspecified forward models, and (3) leveraging domain-specific prior knowledge using pretrained generative networks, when available. We validate TurbuGAN in simulation using realistic models for atmospheric turbulence-induced distortion.      
### 56.Decontextualized I3D ConvNet for ultra-distance runners performance analysis at a glance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06749.pdf)
>  In May 2021, the site <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://runnersworld.com" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> published that participation in ultra-distance races has increased by 1,676% in the last 23 years. Moreover, nearly 41% of those runners participate in more than one race per year. The development of wearable devices has undoubtedly contributed to motivating participants by providing performance measures in real-time. However, we believe there is room for improvement, particularly from the organizers point of view. This work aims to determine how the runners performance can be quantified and predicted by considering a non-invasive technique focusing on the ultra-running scenario. In this sense, participants are captured when they pass through a set of locations placed along the race track. Each footage is considered an input to an I3D ConvNet to extract the participant's running gait in our work. Furthermore, weather and illumination capture conditions or occlusions may affect these footages due to the race staff and other runners. To address this challenging task, we have tracked and codified the participant's running gait at some RPs and removed the context intending to ensure a runner-of-interest proper evaluation. The evaluation suggests that the features extracted by an I3D ConvNet provide enough information to estimate the participant's performance along the different race tracks.      
### 57.Feature space reduction as data preprocessing for the anomaly detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06747.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present two pipelines in order to reduce the feature space for anomaly detection using the One Class SVM. As a first stage of both pipelines, we compare the performance of three convolutional autoencoders. We use the PCA method together with t-SNE as the first pipeline and the reconstruction errors based method as the second. Both methods have potential for the anomaly detection, but the reconstruction error metrics prove to be more robust for this task. We show that the convolutional autoencoder architecture doesn't have a significant effect for this task and we prove the potential of our approach on the real world dataset.      
### 58.Food Recipe Recommendation Based on Ingredients Detection Using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06721.pdf)
>  Food is essential for human survival, and people always try to taste different types of delicious recipes. Frequently, people choose food ingredients without even knowing their names or pick up some food ingredients that are not obvious to them from a grocery store. Knowing which ingredients can be mixed to make a delicious food recipe is essential. Selecting the right recipe by choosing a list of ingredients is very difficult for a beginner cook. However, it can be a problem even for experts. One such example is recognising objects through image processing. Although this process is complex due to different food ingredients, traditional approaches will lead to an inaccuracy rate. These problems can be solved by machine learning and deep learning approaches. In this paper, we implemented a model for food ingredients recognition and designed an algorithm for recommending recipes based on recognised ingredients. We made a custom dataset consisting of 9856 images belonging to 32 different food ingredients classes. Convolution Neural Network (CNN) model was used to identify food ingredients, and for recipe recommendations, we have used machine learning. We achieved an accuracy of 94 percent, which is quite impressive.      
### 59.Scaling Up Your Kernels to 31x31: Revisiting Large Kernel Design in CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06717.pdf)
>  In this paper we revisit large kernel design in modern convolutional neural networks (CNNs), which is often neglected in the past few years. Inspired by recent advances of vision transformers (ViTs), we point out that using a few large kernels instead of a stack of small convolutions could be a more powerful paradigm. We therefore summarize 5 guidelines, e.g., applying re-parameterized large depth-wise convolutions, to design efficient high-performance large-kernel CNNs. Following the guidelines, we propose RepLKNet, a pure CNN architecture whose kernel size is as large as 31x31. RepLKNet greatly bridges the performance gap between CNNs and ViTs, e.g., achieving comparable or better results than Swin Transformer on ImageNet and downstream tasks, while the latency of RepLKNet is much lower. Moreover, RepLKNet also shows feasible scalability to big data and large models, obtaining 87.8% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet and 56.0%} mIoU on ADE20K. At last, our study further suggests large-kernel CNNs share several nice properties with ViTs, e.g., much larger effective receptive fields than conventional CNNs, and higher shape bias rather than texture bias. Code &amp; models at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/megvii-research/RepLKNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 60.Efficient Long-Range Attention Network for Image Super-resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06697.pdf)
>  Recently, transformer-based methods have demonstrated impressive results in various vision tasks, including image super-resolution (SR), by exploiting the self-attention (SA) for feature extraction. However, the computation of SA in most existing transformer based models is very expensive, while some employed operations may be redundant for the SR task. This limits the range of SA computation and consequently the SR performance. In this work, we propose an efficient long-range attention network (ELAN) for image SR. Specifically, we first employ shift convolution (shift-conv) to effectively extract the image local structural information while maintaining the same level of complexity as 1x1 convolution, then propose a group-wise multi-scale self-attention (GMSA) module, which calculates SA on non-overlapped groups of features using different window sizes to exploit the long-range image dependency. A highly efficient long-range attention block (ELAB) is then built by simply cascading two shift-conv with a GMSA module, which is further accelerated by using a shared attention mechanism. Without bells and whistles, our ELAN follows a fairly simple design by sequentially cascading the ELABs. Extensive experiments demonstrate that ELAN obtains even better results against the transformer-based SR models but with significantly less complexity. The source code can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xindongzhang/ELAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 61.Training Protocol Matters: Towards Accurate Scene Text Recognition via Training Protocol Searching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06696.pdf)
>  The development of scene text recognition (STR) in the era of deep learning has been mainly focused on novel architectures of STR models. However, training protocol (i.e., settings of the hyper-parameters involved in the training of STR models), which plays an equally important role in successfully training a good STR model, is under-explored for scene text recognition. In this work, we attempt to improve the accuracy of existing STR models by searching for optimal training protocol. Specifically, we develop a training protocol search algorithm, based on a newly designed search space and an efficient search algorithm using evolutionary optimization and proxy tasks. Experimental results show that our searched training protocol can improve the recognition accuracy of mainstream STR models by 2.7%~3.9%. In particular, with the searched training protocol, TRBA-Net achieves 2.1% higher accuracy than the state-of-the-art STR model (i.e., EFIFSTR), while the inference speed is 2.3x and 3.7x faster on CPU and GPU respectively. Extensive experiments are conducted to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method and the generalization ability of the training protocol found by our search method.      
### 62.Privacy-friendly Synthetic Data for the Development of Face Morphing Attack Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06691.pdf)
>  The main question this work aims at answering is: can morphing attack detection (MAD) solutions be successfully developed based on synthetic data?. Towards that, this work introduces the first synthetic-based MAD development dataset, namely the Synthetic Morphing Attack Detection Development dataset (SMDD). This dataset is utilized successfully to train three MAD backbones where it proved to lead to high MAD performance, even on completely unknown attack types. Additionally, an essential aspect of this work is the detailed legal analyses of the challenges of using and sharing real biometric data, rendering our proposed SMDD dataset extremely essential. The SMDD dataset, consisting of 30,000 attack and 50,000 bona fide samples, is made publicly available for research purposes.      
### 63.PNM: Pixel Null Model for General Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06677.pdf)
>  A major challenge in image segmentation is classifying object boundaries. Recent efforts propose to refine the segmentation result with boundary masks. However, models are still prone to misclassifying boundary pixels even when they correctly capture the object contours. In such cases, even a perfect boundary map is unhelpful for segmentation refinement. In this paper, we argue that assigning proper prior weights to error-prone pixels such as object boundaries can significantly improve the segmentation quality. Specifically, we present the \textit{pixel null model} (PNM), a prior model that weights each pixel according to its probability of being correctly classified by a random segmenter. Empirical analysis shows that PNM captures the misclassification distribution of different state-of-the-art (SOTA) segmenters. Extensive experiments on semantic, instance, and panoptic segmentation tasks over three datasets (Cityscapes, ADE20K, MS COCO) confirm that PNM consistently improves the segmentation quality of most SOTA methods (including the vision transformers) and outperforms boundary-based methods by a large margin. We also observe that the widely-used mean IoU (mIoU) metric is insensitive to boundaries of different sharpness. As a byproduct, we propose a new metric, \textit{PNM IoU}, which perceives the boundary sharpness and better reflects the model segmentation performance in error-prone regions.      
### 64.Towards Visual-Prompt Temporal Answering Grounding in Medical Instructional Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06667.pdf)
>  The temporal answering grounding in the video (TAGV) is a new task naturally deriving from temporal sentence grounding in the video (TSGV). Given an untrimmed video and a text question, this task aims at locating the matching span from the video that can semantically answer the question. Existing methods tend to formulate the TAGV task with a visual span-based question answering (QA) approach by matching the visual frame span queried by the text question. However, due to the weak correlations and huge gaps in semantics in features between the textual question and visual answer, existing methods adopting visual span predictor fail to perform well in the TAGV task. In this work, we propose a visual-prompt text span localizing (VPTSL) method, which enhances the text span localization in the pre-trained language model (PLM) with the visual highlight features. Specifically, the context query attention is utilized to perform cross-modal modeling between the textual and visual features. Then, the highlight features are obtained through the highlight module with a linear layer to provide the visual prompt. To alleviate the differences in semantics and correlations between textual and visual features, we design the text span predictor by encoding the question, the subtitles, and the visual prompt in the PLM. As a result, the TAGV task is formulated to predict the span of subtitles matching the answering frame timeline. Extensive experiments on the medical instructional dataset, namely MedVidQA, show the proposed VPTSL outperforms other state-of-the-art methods, which demonstrates the effectiveness of visual prompt and the text span predictor.      
### 65.Global2Local: A Joint-Hierarchical Attention for Video Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06663.pdf)
>  Recently, automatic video captioning has attracted increasing attention, where the core challenge lies in capturing the key semantic items, like objects and actions as well as their spatial-temporal correlations from the redundant frames and semantic content. To this end, existing works select either the key video clips in a global level~(across multi frames), or key regions within each frame, which, however, neglect the hierarchical order, i.e., key frames first and key regions latter. In this paper, we propose a novel joint-hierarchical attention model for video captioning, which embeds the key clips, the key frames and the key regions jointly into the captioning model in a hierarchical manner. Such a joint-hierarchical attention model first conducts a global selection to identify key frames, followed by a Gumbel sampling operation to identify further key regions based on the key frames, achieving an accurate global-to-local feature representation to guide the captioning. Extensive quantitative evaluations on two public benchmark datasets MSVD and MSR-VTT demonstrates the superiority of the proposed method over the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 66.Revisiting Deep Semi-supervised Learning: An Empirical Distribution Alignment Framework and Its Generalization Bound  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06639.pdf)
>  In this work, we revisit the semi-supervised learning (SSL) problem from a new perspective of explicitly reducing empirical distribution mismatch between labeled and unlabeled samples. Benefited from this new perspective, we first propose a new deep semi-supervised learning framework called Semi-supervised Learning by Empirical Distribution Alignment (SLEDA), in which existing technologies from the domain adaptation community can be readily used to address the semi-supervised learning problem through reducing the empirical distribution distance between labeled and unlabeled data. Based on this framework, we also develop a new theoretical generalization bound for the research community to better understand the semi-supervised learning problem, in which we show the generalization error of semi-supervised learning can be effectively bounded by minimizing the training error on labeled data and the empirical distribution distance between labeled and unlabeled data. Building upon our new framework and the theoretical bound, we develop a simple and effective deep semi-supervised learning method called Augmented Distribution Alignment Network (ADA-Net) by simultaneously adopting the well-established adversarial training strategy from the domain adaptation community and a simple sample interpolation strategy for data augmentation. Additionally, we incorporate both strategies in our ADA-Net into two exiting SSL methods to further improve their generalization capability, which indicates that our new framework provides a complementary solution for solving the SSL problem. Our comprehensive experimental results on two benchmark datasets SVHN and CIFAR-10 for the semi-supervised image recognition task and another two benchmark datasets ModelNet40 and ShapeNet55 for the semi-supervised point cloud recognition task demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed framework for SSL.      
### 67.Multi-Bracket High Dynamic Range Imaging with Event Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06622.pdf)
>  Modern high dynamic range (HDR) imaging pipelines align and fuse multiple low dynamic range (LDR) images captured at different exposure times. While these methods work well in static scenes, dynamic scenes remain a challenge since the LDR images still suffer from saturation and noise. In such scenarios, event cameras would be a valid complement, thanks to their higher temporal resolution and dynamic range. In this paper, we propose the first multi-bracket HDR pipeline combining a standard camera with an event camera. Our results show better overall robustness when using events, with improvements in PSNR by up to 5dB on synthetic data and up to 0.7dB on real-world data. We also introduce a new dataset containing bracketed LDR images with aligned events and HDR ground truth.      
### 68.LAS-AT: Adversarial Training with Learnable Attack Strategy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06616.pdf)
>  Adversarial training (AT) is always formulated as a minimax problem, of which the performance depends on the inner optimization that involves the generation of adversarial examples (AEs). Most previous methods adopt Projected Gradient Decent (PGD) with manually specifying attack parameters for AE generation. A combination of the attack parameters can be referred to as an attack strategy. Several works have revealed that using a fixed attack strategy to generate AEs during the whole training phase limits the model robustness and propose to exploit different attack strategies at different training stages to improve robustness. But those multi-stage hand-crafted attack strategies need much domain expertise, and the robustness improvement is limited. In this paper, we propose a novel framework for adversarial training by introducing the concept of "learnable attack strategy", dubbed LAS-AT, which learns to automatically produce attack strategies to improve the model robustness. Our framework is composed of a target network that uses AEs for training to improve robustness and a strategy network that produces attack strategies to control the AE generation. Experimental evaluations on three benchmark databases demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method. The code is released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jiaxiaojunQAQ/LAS-AT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 69.A Single Correspondence Is Enough: Robust Global Registration to Avoid Degeneracy in Urban Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06612.pdf)
>  Global registration using 3D point clouds is a crucial technology for mobile platforms to achieve localization or manage loop-closing situations. In recent years, numerous researchers have proposed global registration methods to address a large number of outlier correspondences. Unfortunately, the degeneracy problem, which represents the phenomenon in which the number of estimated inliers becomes lower than three, is still potentially inevitable. To tackle the problem, a degeneracy-robust decoupling-based global registration method is proposed, called Quatro. In particular, our method employs quasi-SO(3) estimation by leveraging the Atlanta world assumption in urban environments to avoid degeneracy in rotation estimation. Thus, the minimum degree of freedom (DoF) of our method is reduced from three to one. As verified in indoor and outdoor 3D LiDAR datasets, our proposed method yields robust global registration performance compared with other global registration methods, even for distant point cloud pairs. Furthermore, the experimental results confirm the applicability of our method as a coarse alignment. Our code is available: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/url-kaist/quatro" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 70.Context-LSTM: a robust classifier for video detection on UCF101  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06610.pdf)
>  Video detection and human action recognition may be computationally expensive, and need a long time to train models. In this paper, we were intended to reduce the training time and the GPU memory usage of video detection, and achieved a competitive detection accuracy. Other research works such as Two-stream, C3D, TSN have shown excellent performance on UCF101. Here, we used a LSTM structure simply for video detection. We used a simple structure to perform a competitive top-1 accuracy on the entire validation dataset of UCF101. The LSTM structure is named Context-LSTM, since it may process the deep temporal features. The Context-LSTM may simulate the human recognition system. We cascaded the LSTM blocks in PyTorch and connected the cell state flow and hidden output flow. At the connection of the blocks, we used ReLU, Batch Normalization, and MaxPooling functions. The Context-LSTM could reduce the training time and the GPU memory usage, while keeping a state-of-the-art top-1 accuracy on UCF101 entire validation dataset, show a robust performance on video action detection.      
### 71.Depth-Aware Generative Adversarial Network for Talking Head Video Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06605.pdf)
>  Talking head video generation aims to produce a synthetic human face video that contains the identity and pose information respectively from a given source image and a driving video.Existing works for this task heavily rely on 2D representations (e.g. appearance and motion) learned from the input images. However, dense 3D facial geometry (e.g. pixel-wise depth) is extremely important for this task as it is particularly beneficial for us to essentially generate accurate 3D face structures and distinguish noisy information from the possibly cluttered background. Nevertheless, dense 3D geometry annotations are prohibitively costly for videos and are typically not available for this video generation task. In this paper, we first introduce a self-supervised geometry learning method to automatically recover the dense 3D geometry (i.e.depth) from the face videos without the requirement of any expensive 3D annotation data. Based on the learned dense depth maps, we further propose to leverage them to estimate sparse facial keypoints that capture the critical movement of the human head. In a more dense way, the depth is also utilized to learn 3D-aware cross-modal (i.e. appearance and depth) attention to guide the generation of motion fields for warping source image representations. All these contributions compose a novel depth-aware generative adversarial network (DaGAN) for talking head generation. Extensive experiments conducted demonstrate that our proposed method can generate highly realistic faces, and achieve significant results on the unseen human faces.      
### 72.Masked Autoencoders for Point Cloud Self-supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06604.pdf)
>  As a promising scheme of self-supervised learning, masked autoencoding has significantly advanced natural language processing and computer vision. Inspired by this, we propose a neat scheme of masked autoencoders for point cloud self-supervised learning, addressing the challenges posed by point cloud's properties, including leakage of location information and uneven information density. Concretely, we divide the input point cloud into irregular point patches and randomly mask them at a high ratio. Then, a standard Transformer based autoencoder, with an asymmetric design and a shifting mask tokens operation, learns high-level latent features from unmasked point patches, aiming to reconstruct the masked point patches. Extensive experiments show that our approach is efficient during pre-training and generalizes well on various downstream tasks. Specifically, our pre-trained models achieve 84.52\% accuracy on ScanObjectNN and 94.04% accuracy on ModelNet40, outperforming all the other self-supervised learning methods. We show with our scheme, a simple architecture entirely based on standard Transformers can surpass dedicated Transformer models from supervised learning. Our approach also advances state-of-the-art accuracies by 1.5%-2.3% in the few-shot object classification. Furthermore, our work inspires the feasibility of applying unified architectures from languages and images to the point cloud.      
### 73.AugShuffleNet: Improve ShuffleNetV2 via More Information Communication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06589.pdf)
>  Based on ShuffleNetV2, we build a more powerful and efficient model family, termed as AugShuffleNets, by introducing higher frequency of cross-layer information communication for better model performance. Evaluated on the CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 datasets, AugShuffleNet consistently outperforms ShuffleNetV2 in terms of accuracy, with less computational cost, fewer parameter count.      
### 74.CVFNet: Real-time 3D Object Detection by Learning Cross View Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06585.pdf)
>  In recent years 3D object detection from LiDAR point clouds has made great progress thanks to the development of deep learning technologies. Although voxel or point based methods are popular in 3D object detection, they usually involve time-consuming operations such as 3D convolutions on voxels or ball query among points, making the resulting network inappropriate for time critical applications. On the other hand, 2D view-based methods feature high computing efficiency while usually obtaining inferior performance than the voxel or point based methods. In this work, we present a real-time view-based single stage 3D object detector, namely CVFNet to fulfill this task. To strengthen the cross-view feature learning under the condition of demanding efficiency, our framework extracts the features of different views and fuses them in an efficient progressive way. We first propose a novel Point-Range feature fusion module that deeply integrates point and range view features in multiple stages. Then, a special Slice Pillar is designed to well maintain the 3D geometry when transforming the obtained deep point-view features into bird's eye view. To better balance the ratio of samples, a sparse pillar detection head is presented to focus the detection on the nonempty grids. We conduct experiments on the popular KITTI and NuScenes benchmark, and state-of-the-art performances are achieved in terms of both accuracy and speed.      
### 75.Worst Case Matters for Few-Shot Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06574.pdf)
>  Few-shot recognition learns a recognition model with very few (e.g., 1 or 5) images per category, and current few-shot learning methods focus on improving the average accuracy over many episodes. We argue that in real-world applications we may often only try one episode instead of many, and hence maximizing the worst-case accuracy is more important than maximizing the average accuracy. We empirically show that a high average accuracy not necessarily means a high worst-case accuracy. Since this objective is not accessible, we propose to reduce the standard deviation and increase the average accuracy simultaneously. In turn, we devise two strategies from the bias-variance tradeoff perspective to implicitly reach this goal: a simple yet effective stability regularization (SR) loss together with model ensemble to reduce variance during fine-tuning, and an adaptability calibration mechanism to reduce the bias. Extensive experiments on benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed strategies, which outperforms current state-of-the-art methods with a significant margin in terms of not only average, but also worst-case accuracy.      
### 76.AutoGPart: Intermediate Supervision Search for Generalizable 3D Part Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06558.pdf)
>  Training a generalizable 3D part segmentation network is quite challenging but of great importance in real-world applications. To tackle this problem, some works design task-specific solutions by translating human understanding of the task to machine's learning process, which faces the risk of missing the optimal strategy since machines do not necessarily understand in the exact human way. Others try to use conventional task-agnostic approaches designed for domain generalization problems with no task prior knowledge considered. To solve the above issues, we propose AutoGPart, a generic method enabling training generalizable 3D part segmentation networks with the task prior considered. AutoGPart builds a supervision space with geometric prior knowledge encoded, and lets the machine to search for the optimal supervisions from the space for a specific segmentation task automatically. Extensive experiments on three generalizable 3D part segmentation tasks are conducted to demonstrate the effectiveness and versatility of AutoGPart. We demonstrate that the performance of segmentation networks using simple backbones can be significantly improved when trained with supervisions searched by our method.      
### 77.Contrastive Learning for Automotive mmWave Radar Detection Points Based Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06553.pdf)
>  The automotive mmWave radar plays a key role in advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and autonomous driving. Deep learning-based instance segmentation enables real-time object identification from the radar detection points. In the conventional training process, accurate annotation is the key. However, high-quality annotations of radar detection points are challenging to achieve due to their ambiguity and sparsity. To address this issue, we propose a contrastive learning approach for implementing radar detection points-based instance segmentation. We define the positive and negative samples according to the ground-truth label, apply the contrastive loss to train the model first, and then perform training for the following downstream task. In addition, these two steps can be merged into one, and pseudo labels can be generated for the unlabeled data to improve the performance further. Thus, there are four different training settings for our method. Experiments show that when the ground-truth information is only available for 5% of the training data, our method still achieves a comparable performance to the approach trained in a supervised manner with 100% ground-truth information.      
### 78.CEKD:Cross Ensemble Knowledge Distillation for Augmented Fine-grained Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06551.pdf)
>  Data augmentation has been proved effective in training deep models. Existing data augmentation methods tackle the fine-grained problem by blending image pairs and fusing corresponding labels according to the statistics of mixed pixels, which produces additional noise harmful to the performance of networks. Motivated by this, we present a simple yet effective cross ensemble knowledge distillation (CEKD) model for fine-grained feature learning. We innovatively propose a cross distillation module to provide additional supervision to alleviate the noise problem, and propose a collaborative ensemble module to overcome the target conflict problem. The proposed model can be trained in an end-to-end manner, and only requires image-level label supervision. Extensive experiments on widely used fine-grained benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed model. Specifically, with the backbone of ResNet-101, CEKD obtains the accuracy of 89.59%, 95.96% and 94.56% in three datasets respectively, outperforming state-of-the-art API-Net by 0.99%, 1.06% and 1.16%.      
### 79.Sparse Local Patch Transformer for Robust Face Alignment and Landmarks Inherent Relation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06541.pdf)
>  Heatmap regression methods have dominated face alignment area in recent years while they ignore the inherent relation between different landmarks. In this paper, we propose a Sparse Local Patch Transformer (SLPT) for learning the inherent relation. The SLPT generates the representation of each single landmark from a local patch and aggregates them by an adaptive inherent relation based on the attention mechanism. The subpixel coordinate of each landmark is predicted independently based on the aggregated feature. Moreover, a coarse-to-fine framework is further introduced to incorporate with the SLPT, which enables the initial landmarks to gradually converge to the target facial landmarks using fine-grained features from dynamically resized local patches. Extensive experiments carried out on three popular benchmarks, including WFLW, 300W and COFW, demonstrate that the proposed method works at the state-of-the-art level with much less computational complexity by learning the inherent relation between facial landmarks. The code is available at the project website.      
### 80.A Mixed Quantization Network for Computationally Efficient Mobile Inverse Tone Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06504.pdf)
>  Recovering a high dynamic range (HDR) image from a single low dynamic range (LDR) image, namely inverse tone mapping (ITM), is challenging due to the lack of information in over- and under-exposed regions. Current methods focus exclusively on training high-performing but computationally inefficient ITM models, which in turn hinder deployment of the ITM models in resource-constrained environments with limited computing power such as edge and mobile device applications. <br>To this end, we propose combining efficient operations of deep neural networks with a novel mixed quantization scheme to construct a well-performing but computationally efficient mixed quantization network (MQN) which can perform single image ITM on mobile platforms. In the ablation studies, we explore the effect of using different attention mechanisms, quantization schemes, and loss functions on the performance of MQN in ITM tasks. In the comparative analyses, ITM models trained using MQN perform on par with the state-of-the-art methods on benchmark datasets. MQN models provide up to 10 times improvement on latency and 25 times improvement on memory consumption.      
### 81.TEN: Twin Embedding Networks for the Jigsaw Puzzle Problem with Eroded Boundaries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06488.pdf)
>  The jigsaw puzzle problem (JPP) is a well-known research problem, which has been studied for many years. Solving this problem typically involves a two-stage scheme, consisting of the computation of a pairwise piece compatibility measure (CM), coupled with a subsequent puzzle reconstruction algorithm. Many effective CMs, which apply a simple distance measure, based merely on the information along the piece edges, have been proposed. However, the practicality of these classical methods is rather doubtful for problem instances harder than pure synthetic images. Specifically, these methods tend to break down in more realistic scenarios involving, e.g., monochromatic puzzles, eroded boundaries due to piece degradation over long time periods, missing pieces, etc. To overcome this significant deficiency, a few deep convolutional neural network (CNN)-based CMs have been recently introduced. Despite their promising accuracy, these models are very computationally intensive. Twin Embedding Networks (TEN), to represent a piece with respect to its boundary in a latent embedding space. Combining this latent representation with a simple distance measure, we then demonstrate a superior performance, in terms of accuracy, of our newly proposed pairwise CM, compared to that of various classical methods, for the problem domain of eroded tile boundaries, a testbed for a number of real-world JPP variants. Furthermore, we also demonstrate that TEN is faster by a few orders of magnitude, on average, than the recent NN models, i.e., it is as fast as the classical methods. In this regard, the paper makes a significant first attempt at bridging the gap between the relatively low accuracy (of classical methods) and the intensive computational complexity (of NN models), for practical, real-world puzzle-like problems.      
### 82.Evaluating Explainable AI on a Multi-Modal Medical Imaging Task: Can Existing Algorithms Fulfill Clinical Requirements?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06487.pdf)
>  Being able to explain the prediction to clinical end-users is a necessity to leverage the power of artificial intelligence (AI) models for clinical decision support. For medical images, a feature attribution map, or heatmap, is the most common form of explanation that highlights important features for AI models' prediction. However, it is unknown how well heatmaps perform on explaining decisions on multi-modal medical images, where each image modality or channel visualizes distinct clinical information of the same underlying biomedical phenomenon. Understanding such modality-dependent features is essential for clinical users' interpretation of AI decisions. To tackle this clinically important but technically ignored problem, we propose the modality-specific feature importance (MSFI) metric. It encodes clinical image and explanation interpretation patterns of modality prioritization and modality-specific feature localization. We conduct a clinical requirement-grounded, systematic evaluation using computational methods and a clinician user study. Results show that the examined 16 heatmap algorithms failed to fulfill clinical requirements to correctly indicate AI model decision process or decision quality. The evaluation and MSFI metric can guide the design and selection of XAI algorithms to meet clinical requirements on multi-modal explanation.      
### 83.Unsupervised Lifelong Person Re-identification via Contrastive Rehearsal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06468.pdf)
>  Existing unsupervised person re-identification (ReID) methods focus on adapting a model trained on a source domain to a fixed target domain. However, an adapted ReID model usually only works well on a certain target domain, but can hardly memorize the source domain knowledge and generalize to upcoming unseen data. In this paper, we propose unsupervised lifelong person ReID, which focuses on continuously conducting unsupervised domain adaptation on new domains without forgetting the knowledge learnt from old domains. To tackle unsupervised lifelong ReID, we conduct a contrastive rehearsal on a small number of stored old samples while sequentially adapting to new domains. We further set an image-to-image similarity constraint between old and new models to regularize the model updates in a way that suits old knowledge. We sequentially train our model on several large-scale datasets in an unsupervised manner and test it on all seen domains as well as several unseen domains to validate the generalizability of our method. Our proposed unsupervised lifelong method achieves strong generalizability, which significantly outperforms previous lifelong methods on both seen and unseen domains. Code will be made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/chenhao2345/UCR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 84.A Systematic Review on Computer Vision-Based Parking Lot Management Applied on Public Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06463.pdf)
>  Computer vision-based parking lot management methods have been extensively researched upon owing to their flexibility and cost-effectiveness. To evaluate such methods authors often employ publicly available parking lot image datasets. In this study, we surveyed and compared robust publicly available image datasets specifically crafted to test computer vision-based methods for parking lot management approaches and consequently present a systematic and comprehensive review of existing works that employ such datasets. The literature review identified relevant gaps that require further research, such as the requirement of dataset-independent approaches and methods suitable for autonomous detection of position of parking spaces. In addition, we have noticed that several important factors such as the presence of the same cars across consecutive images, have been neglected in most studies, thereby rendering unrealistic assessment protocols. Furthermore, the analysis of the datasets also revealed that certain features that should be present when developing new benchmarks, such as the availability of video sequences and images taken in more diverse conditions, including nighttime and snow, have not been incorporated.      
### 85.Factored Attention and Embedding for Unstructured-view Topic-related Ultrasound Report Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06458.pdf)
>  Echocardiography is widely used to clinical practice for diagnosis and treatment, e.g., on the common congenital heart defects. The traditional manual manipulation is error-prone due to the staff shortage, excess workload, and less experience, leading to the urgent requirement of an automated computer-aided reporting system to lighten the workload of ultrasonologists considerably and assist them in decision making. Despite some recent successful attempts in automatical medical report generation, they are trapped in the ultrasound report generation, which involves unstructured-view images and topic-related descriptions. To this end, we investigate the task of the unstructured-view topic-related ultrasound report generation, and propose a novel factored attention and embedding model (termed FAE-Gen). The proposed FAE-Gen mainly consists of two modules, i.e., view-guided factored attention and topic-oriented factored embedding, which 1) capture the homogeneous and heterogeneous morphological characteristic across different views, and 2) generate the descriptions with different syntactic patterns and different emphatic contents for different topics. Experimental evaluations are conducted on a to-be-released large-scale clinical cardiovascular ultrasound dataset (CardUltData). Both quantitative comparisons and qualitative analysis demonstrate the effectiveness and the superiority of FAE-Gen over seven commonly-used metrics.      
### 86.3D-GIF: 3D-Controllable Object Generation via Implicit Factorized Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06457.pdf)
>  While NeRF-based 3D-aware image generation methods enable viewpoint control, limitations still remain to be adopted to various 3D applications. Due to their view-dependent and light-entangled volume representation, the 3D geometry presents unrealistic quality and the color should be re-rendered for every desired viewpoint. To broaden the 3D applicability from 3D-aware image generation to 3D-controllable object generation, we propose the factorized representations which are view-independent and light-disentangled, and training schemes with randomly sampled light conditions. We demonstrate the superiority of our method by visualizing factorized representations, re-lighted images, and albedo-textured meshes. In addition, we show that our approach improves the quality of the generated geometry via visualization and quantitative comparison. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that extracts albedo-textured meshes with unposed 2D images without any additional labels or assumptions.      
### 87.Bringing Rolling Shutter Images Alive with Dual Reversed Distortion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06451.pdf)
>  Rolling shutter (RS) distortion can be interpreted as the result of picking a row of pixels from instant global shutter (GS) frames over time during the exposure of the RS camera. This means that the information of each instant GS frame is partially, yet sequentially, embedded into the row-dependent distortion. Inspired by this fact, we address the challenging task of reversing this process, i.e., extracting undistorted GS frames from images suffering from RS distortion. However, since RS distortion is coupled with other factors such as readout settings and the relative velocity of scene elements to the camera, models that only exploit the geometric correlation between temporally adjacent images suffer from poor generality in processing data with different readout settings and dynamic scenes with both camera motion and object motion. In this paper, instead of two consecutive frames, we propose to exploit a pair of images captured by dual RS cameras with reversed RS directions for this highly challenging task. Grounded on the symmetric and complementary nature of dual reversed distortion, we develop a novel end-to-end model, IFED, to generate dual optical flow sequence through iterative learning of the velocity field during the RS time. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that IFED is superior to naive cascade schemes, as well as the state-of-the-art which utilizes adjacent RS images. Most importantly, although it is trained on a synthetic dataset, IFED is shown to be effective at retrieving GS frame sequences from real-world RS distorted images of dynamic scenes.      
### 88.DATR: Domain-adaptive transformer for multi-domain landmark detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06433.pdf)
>  Accurate anatomical landmark detection plays an increasingly vital role in medical image analysis. Although existing methods achieve satisfying performance, they are mostly based on CNN and specialized for a single domain say associated with a particular anatomical region. In this work, we propose a universal model for multi-domain landmark detection by taking advantage of transformer for modeling long dependencies and develop a domain-adaptive transformer model, named as DATR, which is trained on multiple mixed datasets from different anatomies and capable of detecting landmarks of any image from those anatomies. The proposed DATR exhibits three primary features: (i) It is the first universal model which introduces transformer as an encoder for multi-anatomy landmark detection; (ii) We design a domain-adaptive transformer for anatomy-aware landmark detection, which can be effectively extended to any other transformer network; (iii) Following previous studies, we employ a light-weighted guidance network, which encourages the transformer network to detect more accurate landmarks. We carry out experiments on three widely used X-ray datasets for landmark detection, which have 1,588 images and 62 landmarks in total, including three different anatomies (head, hand, and chest). Experimental results demonstrate that our proposed DATR achieves state-of-the-art performances by most metrics and behaves much better than any previous convolution-based models. The code will be released publicly.      
### 89.DFTR: Depth-supervised Hierarchical Feature Fusion Transformer for Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06429.pdf)
>  Automated salient object detection (SOD) plays an increasingly crucial role in many computer vision applications. Although existing frameworks achieve impressive SOD performances especially with the development of deep learning techniques, their performances still have room for improvement. In this work, we propose a novel pure Transformer-based SOD framework, namely Depth-supervised hierarchical feature Fusion TRansformer (DFTR), to further improve the accuracy of both RGB and RGB-D SOD. The proposed DFTR involves three primary improvements: 1) The backbone of feature encoder is switched from a convolutional neural network to a Swin Transformer for more effective feature extraction; 2) We propose a multi-scale feature aggregation (MFA) module to fully exploit the multi-scale features encoded by the Swin Transformer in a coarse-to-fine manner; 3) Following recent studies, we formulate an auxiliary task of depth map prediction and use the ground-truth depth maps as extra supervision signals for network learning. To enable bidirectional information flow between saliency and depth branches, a novel multi-task feature fusion (MFF) module is integrated into our DFTR. We extensively evaluate the proposed DFTR on ten benchmarking datasets. Experimental results show that our DFTR consistently outperforms the existing state-of-the-art methods for both RGB and RGB-D SOD tasks. The code and model will be released.      
### 90.VAFO-Loss: VAscular Feature Optimised Loss Function for Retinal Artery/Vein Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06425.pdf)
>  Estimating clinically-relevant vascular features following vessel segmentation is a standard pipeline for retinal vessel analysis, which provides potential ocular biomarkers for both ophthalmic disease and systemic disease. In this work, we integrate these clinical features into a novel vascular feature optimised loss function (VAFO-Loss), in order to regularise networks to produce segmentation maps, with which more accurate vascular features can be derived. Two common vascular features, vessel density and fractal dimension, are identified to be sensitive to intra-segment misclassification, which is a well-recognised problem in multi-class artery/vein segmentation particularly hindering the estimation of these vascular features. Thus we encode these two features into VAFO-Loss. We first show that incorporating our end-to-end VAFO-Loss in standard segmentation networks indeed improves vascular feature estimation, yielding quantitative improvement in stroke incidence prediction, a clinical downstream task. We also report a technically interesting finding that the trained segmentation network, albeit biased by the feature optimised loss VAFO-Loss, shows statistically significant improvement in segmentation metrics, compared to those trained with other state-of-the-art segmentation losses.      
### 91.VariabilityTrack:Multi-Object Tracking with Variable Speed Object Movement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06424.pdf)
>  Multi-object tracking (MOT) aims at estimating bounding boxes and identities of objects in videos. Most methods can be roughly classified as tracking-by-detection and joint-detection-association paradigms. Although the latter has elicited more attention and demonstrates comparable performance relative than the former, we claim that the tracking-by-detection paradigm is still the optimal solution in terms of tracking accuracy,such as ByteTrack,which achieves 80.3 MOTA, 77.3 IDF1 and 63.1 HOTA on the test set of MOT17 with 30 FPS running speed on a single V100 GPU.However, under complex perspectives such as vehicle and UAV acceleration, the performance of such a tracker using uniform Kalman filter will be greatly affected, resulting in tracking <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://loss.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this paper, we propose a variable speed Kalman filter algorithm based on environmental feedback and improve the matching process, which can greatly improve the tracking effect in complex variable speed scenes while maintaining high tracking accuracy in relatively static scenes. Eventually, higher MOTA and IDF1 results can be achieved on MOT17 test set than ByteTrack      
### 92.One-stage Video Instance Segmentation: From Frame-in Frame-out to Clip-in Clip-out  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06421.pdf)
>  Many video instance segmentation (VIS) methods partition a video sequence into individual frames to detect and segment objects frame by frame. However, such a frame-in frame-out (FiFo) pipeline is ineffective to exploit the temporal information. Based on the fact that adjacent frames in a short clip are highly coherent in content, we propose to extend the one-stage FiFo framework to a clip-in clip-out (CiCo) one, which performs VIS clip by clip. Specifically, we stack FPN features of all frames in a short video clip to build a spatio-temporal feature cube, and replace the 2D conv layers in the prediction heads and the mask branch with 3D conv layers, forming clip-level prediction heads (CPH) and clip-level mask heads (CMH). Then the clip-level masks of an instance can be generated by feeding its box-level predictions from CPH and clip-level features from CMH into a small fully convolutional network. A clip-level segmentation loss is proposed to ensure that the generated instance masks are temporally coherent in the clip. The proposed CiCo strategy is free of inter-frame alignment, and can be easily embedded into existing FiFo based VIS approaches. To validate the generality and effectiveness of our CiCo strategy, we apply it to two representative FiFo methods, Yolact \cite{bolya2019yolact} and CondInst \cite{tian2020conditional}, resulting in two new one-stage VIS models, namely CiCo-Yolact and CiCo-CondInst, which achieve 37.1/37.3\%, 35.2/35.4\% and 17.2/18.0\% mask AP using the ResNet50 backbone, and 41.8/41.4\%, 38.0/38.9\% and 18.0/18.2\% mask AP using the Swin Transformer tiny backbone on YouTube-VIS 2019, 2021 and OVIS valid sets, respectively, recording new state-of-the-arts. Code and video demos of CiCo can be found at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MinghanLi/CiCo" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 93.Kernel Proposal Network for Arbitrary Shape Text Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06410.pdf)
>  Segmentation-based methods have achieved great success for arbitrary shape text detection. However, separating neighboring text instances is still one of the most challenging problems due to the complexity of texts in scene images. In this paper, we propose an innovative Kernel Proposal Network (dubbed KPN) for arbitrary shape text detection. The proposed KPN can separate neighboring text instances by classifying different texts into instance-independent feature maps, meanwhile avoiding the complex aggregation process existing in segmentation-based arbitrary shape text detection methods. To be concrete, our KPN will predict a Gaussian center map for each text image, which will be used to extract a series of candidate kernel proposals (i.e., dynamic convolution kernel) from the embedding feature maps according to their corresponding keypoint positions. To enforce the independence between kernel proposals, we propose a novel orthogonal learning loss (OLL) via orthogonal constraints. Specifically, our kernel proposals contain important self-information learned by network and location information by position embedding. Finally, kernel proposals will individually convolve all embedding feature maps for generating individual embedded maps of text instances. In this way, our KPN can effectively separate neighboring text instances and improve the robustness against unclear boundaries. To our knowledge, our work is the first to introduce the dynamic convolution kernel strategy to efficiently and effectively tackle the adhesion problem of neighboring text instances in text detection. Experimental results on challenging datasets verify the impressive performance and efficiency of our method. The code and model are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/GXYM/KPN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 94.SIGMA: Semantic-complete Graph Matching for Domain Adaptive Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06398.pdf)
>  Domain Adaptive Object Detection (DAOD) leverages a labeled domain to learn an object detector generalizing to a novel domain free of annotations. Recent advances align class-conditional distributions by narrowing down cross-domain prototypes (class centers). Though great success,they ignore the significant within-class variance and the domain-mismatched semantics within the training batch, leading to a sub-optimal adaptation. To overcome these challenges, we propose a novel SemantIc-complete Graph MAtching (SIGMA) framework for DAOD, which completes mismatched semantics and reformulates the adaptation with graph matching. Specifically, we design a Graph-embedded Semantic Completion module (GSC) that completes mismatched semantics through generating hallucination graph nodes in missing categories. Then, we establish cross-image graphs to model class-conditional distributions and learn a graph-guided memory bank for better semantic completion in turn. After representing the source and target data as graphs, we reformulate the adaptation as a graph matching problem, i.e., finding well-matched node pairs across graphs to reduce the domain gap, which is solved with a novel Bipartite Graph Matching adaptor (BGM). In a nutshell, we utilize graph nodes to establish semantic-aware node affinity and leverage graph edges as quadratic constraints in a structure-aware matching loss, achieving fine-grained adaptation with a node-to-node graph matching. Extensive experiments verify that SIGMA outperforms existing works significantly. Our codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/CityU-AIM-Group/SIGMA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 95.Joint CNN and Transformer Network via weakly supervised Learning for efficient crowd counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06388.pdf)
>  Currently, for crowd counting, the fully supervised methods via density map estimation are the mainstream research directions. However, such methods need location-level annotation of persons in an image, which is time-consuming and laborious. Therefore, the weakly supervised method just relying upon the count-level annotation is urgently needed. Since CNN is not suitable for modeling the global context and the interactions between image patches, crowd counting with weakly supervised learning via CNN generally can not show good performance. The weakly supervised model via Transformer was sequentially proposed to model the global context and learn contrast features. However, the transformer directly partitions the crowd images into a series of tokens, which may not be a good choice due to each pedestrian being an independent individual, and the parameter number of the network is very large. Hence, we propose a Joint CNN and Transformer Network (JCTNet) via weakly supervised learning for crowd counting in this paper. JCTNet consists of three parts: CNN feature extraction module (CFM), Transformer feature extraction module (TFM), and counting regression module (CRM). In particular, the CFM extracts crowd semantic information features, then sends their patch partitions to TRM for modeling global context, and CRM is used to predict the number of people. Extensive experiments and visualizations demonstrate that JCTNet can effectively focus on the crowd regions and obtain superior weakly supervised counting performance on five mainstream datasets. The number of parameters of the model can be reduced by about 67%~73% compared with the pure Transformer works. We also tried to explain the phenomenon that a model constrained only by count-level annotations can still focus on the crowd regions. We believe our work can promote further research in this field.      
### 96.Differentiated Relevances Embedding for Group-based Referring Expression Comprehension  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06382.pdf)
>  Referring expression comprehension (REC) aims to locate a certain object in an image referred by a natural language expression. For joint understanding of regions and expressions, existing REC works typically target on modeling the cross-modal relevance in each region-expression pair within each single image. In this paper, we explore a new but general REC-related problem, named Group-based REC, where the regions and expressions can come from different subject-related images (images in the same group), e.g., sets of photo albums or video frames. Different from REC, Group-based REC involves differentiated cross-modal relevances within each group and across different groups, which, however, are neglected in the existing one-line paradigm. To this end, we propose a novel relevance-guided multi-group self-paced learning schema (termed RMSL), where the within-group region-expression pairs are adaptively assigned with different priorities according to their cross-modal relevances, and the bias of the group priority is balanced via an across-group relevance constraint simultaneously. In particular, based on the visual and textual semantic features, RMSL conducts an adaptive learning cycle upon triplet ranking, where (1) the target-negative region-expression pairs with low within-group relevances are used preferentially in model training to distinguish the primary semantics of the target objects, and (2) an across-group relevance regularization is integrated into model training to balance the bias of group priority. The relevances, the pairs, and the model parameters are alternatively updated upon a unified self-paced hinge loss.      
### 97.MDT-Net: Multi-domain Transfer by Perceptual Supervision for Unpaired Images in OCT Scan  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06363.pdf)
>  Deep learning models tend to underperform in the presence of domain shifts. Domain transfer has recently emerged as a promising approach wherein images exhibiting a domain shift are transformed into other domains for augmentation or adaptation. However, with the absence of paired and annotated images, most domain transfer methods mainly rely on adversarial networks and weak cycle consistency, which could result in incomplete domain transfer or poor adherence to the original image content. In this paper, we introduce MDT-Net to address the limitations above through a multi-domain transfer model based on perceptual supervision. Specifically, our model consists of an encoder-decoder network, which aims to preserve anatomical structures, and multiple domain-specific transfer modules, which guide the domain transition through feature transformation. During the inference, MDT-Net can directly transfer images from the source domain to multiple target domains at one time without any reference image. To demonstrate the performance of MDT-Net, we evaluate it on RETOUCH dataset, comprising OCT scans from three different scanner devices (domains), for multi-domain transfer. We also take the transformed results as additional training images for fluid segmentation in OCT scans in the tasks of domain adaptation and data augmentation. Experimental results show that MDT-Net can outperform other domain transfer models qualitatively and quantitatively. Furthermore, the significant improvement in dice scores over multiple segmentation models also demonstrates the effectiveness and efficiency of our proposed method.      
### 98.Self-Sustaining Representation Expansion for Non-Exemplar Class-Incremental Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06359.pdf)
>  Non-exemplar class-incremental learning is to recognize both the old and new classes when old class samples cannot be saved. It is a challenging task since representation optimization and feature retention can only be achieved under supervision from new classes. To address this problem, we propose a novel self-sustaining representation expansion scheme. Our scheme consists of a structure reorganization strategy that fuses main-branch expansion and side-branch updating to maintain the old features, and a main-branch distillation scheme to transfer the invariant knowledge. Furthermore, a prototype selection mechanism is proposed to enhance the discrimination between the old and new classes by selectively incorporating new samples into the distillation process. Extensive experiments on three benchmarks demonstrate significant incremental performance, outperforming the state-of-the-art methods by a margin of 3%, 3% and 6%, respectively.      
### 99.Taking an Emotional Look at Video Paragraph Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06356.pdf)
>  Translating visual data into natural language is essential for machines to understand the world and interact with humans. In this work, a comprehensive study is conducted on video paragraph captioning, with the goal to generate paragraph-level descriptions for a given video. However, current researches mainly focus on detecting objective facts, ignoring the needs to establish the logical associations between sentences and to discover more accurate emotions related to video contents. Such a problem impairs fluent and abundant expressions of predicted captions, which are far below human language tandards. To solve this problem, we propose to construct a large-scale emotion and logic driven multilingual dataset for this task. This dataset is named EMVPC (standing for "Emotional Video Paragraph Captioning") and contains 53 widely-used emotions in daily life, 376 common scenes corresponding to these emotions, 10,291 high-quality videos and 20,582 elaborated paragraph captions with English and Chinese versions. Relevant emotion categories, scene labels, emotion word labels and logic word labels are also provided in this new dataset. The proposed EMVPC dataset intends to provide full-fledged video paragraph captioning in terms of rich emotions, coherent logic and elaborate expressions, which can also benefit other tasks in vision-language fields. Furthermore, a comprehensive study is conducted through experiments on existing benchmark video paragraph captioning datasets and the proposed EMVPC. The stateof-the-art schemes from different visual captioning tasks are compared in terms of 15 popular metrics, and their detailed objective as well as subjective results are summarized. Finally, remaining problems and future directions of video paragraph captioning are also discussed. The unique perspective of this work is expected to boost further development in video paragraph captioning research.      
### 100.EventFormer: AU Event Transformer for Facial Action Unit Event Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06355.pdf)
>  Facial action units (AUs) play an indispensable role in human emotion analysis. We observe that although AU-based high-level emotion analysis is urgently needed by real-world applications, frame-level AU results provided by previous works cannot be directly used for such analysis. Moreover, as AUs are dynamic processes, the utilization of global temporal information is important but has been gravely ignored in the literature. To this end, we propose EventFormer for AU event detection, which is the first work directly detecting AU events from a video sequence by viewing AU event detection as a multiple class-specific sets prediction problem. Extensive experiments conducted on a commonly used AU benchmark dataset, BP4D, show the superiority of EventFormer under suitable metrics.      
### 101.Image Style Transfer: from Artistic to Photorealistic  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06328.pdf)
>  The rapid advancement of deep learning has significantly boomed the development of photorealistic style transfer. In this review, we reviewed the development of photorealistic style transfer starting from artistic style transfer and the contribution of traditional image processing techniques on photorealistic style transfer, including some work that had been completed in the Multimedia lab at the University of Alberta. Many techniques were discussed in this review. However, our focus is on VGG-based techniques, whitening and coloring transform (WCTs) based techniques, the combination of deep learning with traditional image processing techniques.      
### 102.Wavelet Knowledge Distillation: Towards Efficient Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06321.pdf)
>  Remarkable achievements have been attained with Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) in image-to-image translation. However, due to a tremendous amount of parameters, state-of-the-art GANs usually suffer from low efficiency and bulky memory usage. To tackle this challenge, firstly, this paper investigates GANs performance from a frequency perspective. The results show that GANs, especially small GANs lack the ability to generate high-quality high frequency information. To address this problem, we propose a novel knowledge distillation method referred to as wavelet knowledge distillation. Instead of directly distilling the generated images of teachers, wavelet knowledge distillation first decomposes the images into different frequency bands with discrete wavelet transformation and then only distills the high frequency bands. As a result, the student GAN can pay more attention to its learning on high frequency bands. Experiments demonstrate that our method leads to 7.08 times compression and 6.80 times acceleration on CycleGAN with almost no performance drop. Additionally, we have studied the relation between discriminators and generators which shows that the compression of discriminators can promote the performance of compressed generators.      
### 103.PillarGrid: Deep Learning-based Cooperative Perception for 3D Object Detection from Onboard-Roadside LiDAR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06319.pdf)
>  3D object detection plays a fundamental role in enabling autonomous driving, which is regarded as the significant key to unlocking the bottleneck of contemporary transportation systems from the perspectives of safety, mobility, and sustainability. Most of the state-of-the-art (SOTA) object detection methods from point clouds are developed based on a single onboard LiDAR, whose performance will be inevitably limited by the range and occlusion, especially in dense traffic scenarios. In this paper, we propose \textit{PillarGrid}, a novel cooperative perception method fusing information from multiple 3D LiDARs (both on-board and roadside), to enhance the situation awareness for connected and automated vehicles (CAVs). PillarGrid consists of four main phases: 1) cooperative preprocessing of point clouds, 2) pillar-wise voxelization and feature extraction, 3) grid-wise deep fusion of features from multiple sensors, and 4) convolutional neural network (CNN)-based augmented 3D object detection. A novel cooperative perception platform is developed for model training and testing. Extensive experimentation shows that PillarGrid outperforms the SOTA single-LiDAR-based 3D object detection methods with respect to both accuracy and range by a large margin.      
### 104.Deformable VisTR: Spatio temporal deformable attention for video instance segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06318.pdf)
>  Video instance segmentation (VIS) task requires classifying, segmenting, and tracking object instances over all frames in a video clip. Recently, VisTR has been proposed as end-to-end transformer-based VIS framework, while demonstrating state-of-the-art performance. However, VisTR is slow to converge during training, requiring around 1000 GPU hours due to the high computational cost of its transformer attention module. To improve the training efficiency, we propose Deformable VisTR, leveraging spatio-temporal deformable attention module that only attends to a small fixed set of key spatio-temporal sampling points around a reference point. This enables Deformable VisTR to achieve linear computation in the size of spatio-temporal feature maps. Moreover, it can achieve on par performance as the original VisTR with 10$\times$ less GPU training hours. We validate the effectiveness of our method on the Youtube-VIS benchmark. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/skrya/DefVIS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 105.Tensor Radiomics: Paradigm for Systematic Incorporation of Multi-Flavoured Radiomics Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06314.pdf)
>  Radiomics features extract quantitative information from medical images, towards the derivation of biomarkers for clinical tasks, such as diagnosis, prognosis, or treatment response assessment. Different image discretization parameters (e.g. bin number or size), convolutional filters, segmentation perturbation, or multi-modality fusion levels can be used to generate radiomics features and ultimately signatures. Commonly, only one set of parameters is used; resulting in only one value or flavour for a given RF. We propose tensor radiomics (TR) where tensors of features calculated with multiple combinations of parameters (i.e. flavours) are utilized to optimize the construction of radiomics signatures. We present examples of TR as applied to PET/CT, MRI, and CT imaging invoking machine learning or deep learning solutions, and reproducibility analyses: (1) TR via varying bin sizes on CT images of lung cancer and PET-CT images of head &amp; neck cancer (HNC) for overall survival prediction. A hybrid deep neural network, referred to as TR-Net, along with two ML-based flavour fusion methods showed improved accuracy compared to regular rediomics features. (2) TR built from different segmentation perturbations and different bin sizes for classification of late-stage lung cancer response to first-line immunotherapy using CT images. TR improved predicted patient responses. (3) TR via multi-flavour generated radiomics features in MR imaging showed improved reproducibility when compared to many single-flavour features. (4) TR via multiple PET/CT fusions in HNC. Flavours were built from different fusions using methods, such as Laplacian pyramids and wavelet transforms. TR improved overall survival prediction. Our results suggest that the proposed TR paradigm has the potential to improve performance capabilities in different medical imaging tasks.      
### 106.MISF: Multi-level Interactive Siamese Filtering for High-Fidelity Image Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06304.pdf)
>  Although achieving significant progress, existing deep generative inpainting methods are far from real-world applications due to the low generalization across different scenes. As a result, the generated images usually contain artifacts or the filled pixels differ greatly from the ground truth. Image-level predictive filtering is a widely used image restoration technique, predicting suitable kernels adaptively according to different input scenes. Inspired by this inherent advantage, we explore the possibility of addressing image inpainting as a filtering task. To this end, we first study the advantages and challenges of image-level predictive filtering for image inpainting: the method can preserve local structures and avoid artifacts but fails to fill large missing areas. Then, we propose semantic filtering by conducting filtering on the deep feature level, which fills the missing semantic information but fails to recover the details. To address the issues while adopting the respective advantages, we propose a novel filtering technique, i.e., Multilevel Interactive Siamese Filtering (MISF), which contains two branches: kernel prediction branch (KPB) and semantic &amp; image filtering branch (SIFB). These two branches are interactively linked: SIFB provides multi-level features for KPB while KPB predicts dynamic kernels for SIFB. As a result, the final method takes the advantage of effective semantic &amp; image-level filling for high-fidelity inpainting. We validate our method on three challenging datasets, i.e., Dunhuang, Places2, and CelebA. Our method outperforms state-of-the-art baselines on four metrics, i.e., L1, PSNR, SSIM, and LPIPS. Please try the released code and model at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tsingqguo/misf" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 107.Preliminary experiments on automatic gender recognition based on online capital letters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06265.pdf)
>  In this paper we present some experiments to automatically classify online handwritten text based on capital letters. Although handwritten text is not as discriminative as face or voice, we still found some chance for gender classification based on handwritten text. Accuracies are up to 74%, even in the most challenging case of capital letters.      
### 108.Perception Over Time: Temporal Dynamics for Robust Image Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06254.pdf)
>  While deep learning surpasses human-level performance in narrow and specific vision tasks, it is fragile and over-confident in classification. For example, minor transformations in perspective, illumination, or object deformation in the image space can result in drastically different labeling, which is especially transparent via adversarial perturbations. On the other hand, human visual perception is orders of magnitude more robust to changes in the input stimulus. But unfortunately, we are far from fully understanding and integrating the underlying mechanisms that result in such robust perception. In this work, we introduce a novel method of incorporating temporal dynamics into static image understanding. We describe a neuro-inspired method that decomposes a single image into a series of coarse-to-fine images that simulates how biological vision integrates information over time. Next, we demonstrate how our novel visual perception framework can utilize this information "over time" using a biologically plausible algorithm with recurrent units, and as a result, significantly improving its accuracy and robustness over standard CNNs. We also compare our proposed approach with state-of-the-art models and explicitly quantify our adversarial robustness properties through multiple ablation studies. Our quantitative and qualitative results convincingly demonstrate exciting and transformative improvements over the standard computer vision and deep learning architectures used today.      
### 109.Can I see an Example? Active Learning the Long Tail of Attributes and Relations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06215.pdf)
>  There has been significant progress in creating machine learning models that identify objects in scenes along with their associated attributes and relationships; however, there is a large gap between the best models and human capabilities. One of the major reasons for this gap is the difficulty in collecting sufficient amounts of annotated relations and attributes for training these systems. While some attributes and relations are abundant, the distribution in the natural world and existing datasets is long tailed. In this paper, we address this problem by introducing a novel incremental active learning framework that asks for attributes and relations in visual scenes. While conventional active learning methods ask for labels of specific examples, we flip this framing to allow agents to ask for examples from specific categories. Using this framing, we introduce an active sampling method that asks for examples from the tail of the data distribution and show that it outperforms classical active learning methods on Visual Genome.      
### 110.Accelerating Plug-and-Play Image Reconstruction via Multi-Stage Sketched Gradients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07308.pdf)
>  In this work we propose a new paradigm for designing fast plug-and-play (PnP) algorithms using dimensionality reduction techniques. Unlike existing approaches which utilize stochastic gradient iterations for acceleration, we propose novel multi-stage sketched gradient iterations which first perform downsampling dimensionality reduction in the image space, and then efficiently approximate the true gradient using the sketched gradient in the low-dimensional space. This sketched gradient scheme can also be naturally combined with PnP-SGD methods for further improvement on computational complexity. As a generic acceleration scheme, it can be applied to accelerate any existing PnP/RED algorithm. Our numerical experiments on X-ray fan-beam CT demonstrate the remarkable effectiveness of our scheme, that a computational free-lunch can be obtained using this dimensionality reduction in the image space.      
### 111.Dataset and Case Studies for Visual Near-Duplicates Detection in the Context of Social Media  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07167.pdf)
>  The massive spread of visual content through the web and social media poses both challenges and opportunities. Tracking visually-similar content is an important task for studying and analyzing social phenomena related to the spread of such content. In this paper, we address this need by building a dataset of social media images and evaluating visual near-duplicates retrieval methods based on image retrieval and several advanced visual feature extraction methods. We evaluate the methods using a large-scale dataset of images we crawl from social media and their manipulated versions we generated, presenting promising results in terms of recall. We demonstrate the potential of this method in two case studies: one that shows the value of creating systems supporting manual content review, and another that demonstrates the usefulness of automatic large-scale data analysis.      
### 112.WSSAMNet: Weakly Supervised Semantic Attentive Medical Image Registration Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07114.pdf)
>  We present WSSAMNet, a weakly supervised method for medical image registration. Ours is a two step method, with the first step being the computation of segmentation masks of the fixed and moving volumes. These masks are then used to attend to the input volume, which are then provided as inputs to a registration network in the second step. The registration network computes the deformation field to perform the alignment between the fixed and the moving volumes. We study the effectiveness of our technique on the BraTSReg challenge data against ANTs and VoxelMorph, where we demonstrate that our method performs competitively.      
### 113.Compressing CNN Kernels for Videos Using Tucker Decompositions: Towards Lightweight CNN Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07033.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) are the state-of-the-art in the field of visual computing. However, a major problem with CNNs is the large number of floating point operations (FLOPs) required to perform convolutions for large inputs. When considering the application of CNNs to video data, convolutional filters become even more complex due to the extra temporal dimension. This leads to problems when respective applications are to be deployed on mobile devices, such as smart phones, tablets, micro-controllers or similar, indicating less computational power. <br>Kim et al. (2016) proposed using a Tucker-decomposition to compress the convolutional kernel of a pre-trained network for images in order to reduce the complexity of the network, i.e. the number of FLOPs. In this paper, we generalize the aforementioned method for application to videos (and other 3D signals) and evaluate the proposed method on a modified version of the THETIS data set, which contains videos of individuals performing tennis shots. We show that the compressed network reaches comparable accuracy, while indicating a memory compression by a factor of 51. However, the actual computational speed-up (factor 1.4) does not meet our theoretically derived expectation (factor 6).      
### 114.DS3-Net: Difficulty-perceived Common-to-T1ce Semi-Supervised Multimodal MRI Synthesis Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06920.pdf)
>  Contrast-enhanced T1 (T1ce) is one of the most essential magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) modalities for diagnosing and analyzing brain tumors, especially gliomas. In clinical practice, common MRI modalities such as T1, T2, and fluid attenuation inversion recovery are relatively easy to access while T1ce is more challenging considering the additional cost and potential risk of allergies to the contrast agent. Therefore, it is of great clinical necessity to develop a method to synthesize T1ce from other common modalities. Current paired image translation methods typically have the issue of requiring a large amount of paired data and do not focus on specific regions of interest, e.g., the tumor region, in the synthesization process. To address these issues, we propose a Difficulty-perceived common-to-T1ce Semi-Supervised multimodal MRI Synthesis network (DS3-Net), involving both paired and unpaired data together with dual-level knowledge distillation. DS3-Net predicts a difficulty map to progressively promote the synthesis task. Specifically, a pixelwise constraint and a patchwise contrastive constraint are guided by the predicted difficulty map. Through extensive experiments on the publiclyavailable BraTS2020 dataset, DS3-Net outperforms its supervised counterpart in each respect. Furthermore, with only 5% paired data, the proposed DS3-Net achieves competitive performance with state-of-theart image translation methods utilizing 100% paired data, delivering an average SSIM of 0.8947 and an average PSNR of 23.60.      
### 115.SKM-TEA: A Dataset for Accelerated MRI Reconstruction with Dense Image Labels for Quantitative Clinical Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06823.pdf)
>  Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a cornerstone of modern medical imaging. However, long image acquisition times, the need for qualitative expert analysis, and the lack of (and difficulty extracting) quantitative indicators that are sensitive to tissue health have curtailed widespread clinical and research studies. While recent machine learning methods for MRI reconstruction and analysis have shown promise for reducing this burden, these techniques are primarily validated with imperfect image quality metrics, which are discordant with clinically-relevant measures that ultimately hamper clinical deployment and clinician trust. To mitigate this challenge, we present the Stanford Knee MRI with Multi-Task Evaluation (SKM-TEA) dataset, a collection of quantitative knee MRI (qMRI) scans that enables end-to-end, clinically-relevant evaluation of MRI reconstruction and analysis tools. This 1.6TB dataset consists of raw-data measurements of ~25,000 slices (155 patients) of anonymized patient MRI scans, the corresponding scanner-generated DICOM images, manual segmentations of four tissues, and bounding box annotations for sixteen clinically relevant pathologies. We provide a framework for using qMRI parameter maps, along with image reconstructions and dense image labels, for measuring the quality of qMRI biomarker estimates extracted from MRI reconstruction, segmentation, and detection techniques. Finally, we use this framework to benchmark state-of-the-art baselines on this dataset. We hope our SKM-TEA dataset and code can enable a broad spectrum of research for modular image reconstruction and image analysis in a clinically informed manner. Dataset access, code, and benchmarks are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/StanfordMIMI/skm-tea" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 116.Joint rotational invariance and adversarial training of a dual-stream Transformer yields state of the art Brain-Score for Area V4  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06649.pdf)
>  Modern high-scoring models of vision in the brain score competition do not stem from Vision Transformers. However, in this short paper, we provide evidence against the unexpected trend of Vision Transformers (ViT) being not perceptually aligned with human visual representations by showing how a dual-stream Transformer, a CrossViT$~\textit{a la}$ Chen et al. (2021), under a joint rotationally-invariant and adversarial optimization procedure yields 2nd place in the aggregate Brain-Score 2022 competition averaged across all visual categories, and currently (March 1st, 2022) holds the 1st place for the highest explainable variance of area V4. In addition, our current Transformer-based model also achieves greater explainable variance for areas V4, IT and Behaviour than a biologically-inspired CNN (ResNet50) that integrates a frontal V1-like computation module(Dapello et al.,2020). Our team was also the only entry in the top-5 that shows a positive rank correlation between explained variance per area and depth in the visual hierarchy. <br>Against our initial expectations, these results provide tentative support for an $\textit{"All roads lead to Rome"}$ argument enforced via a joint optimization rule even for non biologically-motivated models of vision such as Vision Transformers.      
### 117.Query-Efficient Black-box Adversarial Attacks Guided by a Transfer-based Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06560.pdf)
>  Adversarial attacks have been extensively studied in recent years since they can identify the vulnerability of deep learning models before deployed. In this paper, we consider the black-box adversarial setting, where the adversary needs to craft adversarial examples without access to the gradients of a target model. Previous methods attempted to approximate the true gradient either by using the transfer gradient of a surrogate white-box model or based on the feedback of model queries. However, the existing methods inevitably suffer from low attack success rates or poor query efficiency since it is difficult to estimate the gradient in a high-dimensional input space with limited information. To address these problems and improve black-box attacks, we propose two prior-guided random gradient-free (PRGF) algorithms based on biased sampling and gradient averaging, respectively. Our methods can take the advantage of a transfer-based prior given by the gradient of a surrogate model and the query information simultaneously. Through theoretical analyses, the transfer-based prior is appropriately integrated with model queries by an optimal coefficient in each method. Extensive experiments demonstrate that, in comparison with the alternative state-of-the-arts, both of our methods require much fewer queries to attack black-box models with higher success rates.      
### 118.Change Detection from Synthetic Aperture Radar Images via Dual Path Denoising Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06543.pdf)
>  Benefited from the rapid and sustainable development of synthetic aperture radar (SAR) sensors, change detection from SAR images has received increasing attentions over the past few years. Existing unsupervised deep learning-based methods have made great efforts to exploit robust feature representations, but they consume much time to optimize parameters. Besides, these methods use clustering to obtain pseudo-labels for training, and the pseudo-labeled samples often involve errors, which can be considered as "label noise". To address these issues, we propose a Dual Path Denoising Network (DPDNet) for SAR image change detection. In particular, we introduce the random label propagation to clean the label noise involved in preclassification. We also propose the distinctive patch convolution for feature representation learning to reduce the time consumption. Specifically, the attention mechanism is used to select distinctive pixels in the feature maps, and patches around these pixels are selected as convolution kernels. Consequently, the DPDNet does not require a great number of training samples for parameter optimization, and its computational efficiency is greatly enhanced. Extensive experiments have been conducted on five SAR datasets to verify the proposed DPDNet. The experimental results demonstrate that our method outperforms several state-of-the-art methods in change detection results.      
### 119.Sparsity and Heterogeneous Dropout for Continual Learning in the Null Space of Neural Activations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06514.pdf)
>  Continual/lifelong learning from a non-stationary input data stream is a cornerstone of intelligence. Despite their phenomenal performance in a wide variety of applications, deep neural networks are prone to forgetting their previously learned information upon learning new ones. This phenomenon is called "catastrophic forgetting" and is deeply rooted in the stability-plasticity dilemma. Overcoming catastrophic forgetting in deep neural networks has become an active field of research in recent years. In particular, gradient projection-based methods have recently shown exceptional performance at overcoming catastrophic forgetting. This paper proposes two biologically-inspired mechanisms based on sparsity and heterogeneous dropout that significantly increase a continual learner's performance over a long sequence of tasks. Our proposed approach builds on the Gradient Projection Memory (GPM) framework. We leverage K-winner activations in each layer of a neural network to enforce layer-wise sparse activations for each task, together with a between-task heterogeneous dropout that encourages the network to use non-overlapping activation patterns between different tasks. In addition, we introduce Continual Swiss Roll as a lightweight and interpretable -- yet challenging -- synthetic benchmark for continual learning. Lastly, we provide an in-depth analysis of our proposed method and demonstrate a significant performance boost on various benchmark continual learning problems.      
### 120.Adaptive Information Bottleneck Guided Joint Source-Channel Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06492.pdf)
>  Joint source channel coding (JSCC) has attracted increasing attentions due to its robustness and high efficiency. However, the existing research on JSCC mainly focuses on minimizing the distortion between the transmitted and received information, while limiting the required data rate. Therefore, even though the transmitted information is well recovered, the transmitted bits may be far more than the minimal threshold according to the rate-distortion (RD) theory. In this paper, we propose an adaptive Information Bottleneck (IB) guided JSCC (AIB-JSCC), which aims at achieving the theoretically maximal compression ratio for a given reconstruction quality. In particular, we first derive a mathematically tractable form of loss function for AIB-JSCC. To keep a better tradeoff between compression and reconstruction quality, we further propose an adaptive algorithm that adjusts hyperparameter beta of the proposed loss function dynamically according to the distortion during training. Experiment results show that AIB-JSCC can significantly reduce the required amount of the transmitted data and improve the reconstruction quality and downstream artificial-intelligent task performance.      
### 121.Deep learning-based conditional inpainting for restoration of artifact-affected 4D CT images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06431.pdf)
>  4D CT imaging is an essential component of radiotherapy of thoracic/abdominal tumors. 4D CT images are, however, often affected by artifacts that compromise treatment planning quality. In this work, deep learning (DL)-based conditional inpainting is proposed to restore anatomically correct image information of artifact-affected areas. The restoration approach consists of a two-stage process: DL-based detection of common interpolation (INT) and double structure (DS) artifacts, followed by conditional inpainting applied to the artifact areas. In this context, conditional refers to a guidance of the inpainting process by patient-specific image data to ensure anatomically reliable results. Evaluation is based on 65 in-house 4D CT data sets of lung cancer patients (48 with only slight artifacts, 17 with pronounced artifacts) and the publicly available DIRLab 4D CT data (independent external test set). Automated artifact detection revealed a ROC-AUC of 0.99 for INT and 0.97 for DS artifacts (in-house data). The proposed inpainting method decreased the average root mean squared error (RMSE) by 60% (DS) and 42% (INT) for the in-house evaluation data (simulated artifacts for the slight artifact data; original data were considered as ground truth for RMSE computation). For the external DIR-Lab data, the RMSE decreased by 65% and 36%, respectively. Applied to the pronounced artifact data group, on average 68% of the detectable artifacts were removed. The results highlight the potential of DL-based inpainting for the restoration of artifact-affected 4D CT data. Improved performance of conditional inpainting (compared to standard inpainting) illustrates the benefits of exploiting patient-specific prior knowledge.      
### 122.Recurrence-in-Recurrence Networks for Video Deblurring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06418.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art video deblurring methods often adopt recurrent neural networks to model the temporal dependency between the frames. While the hidden states play key role in delivering information to the next frame, abrupt motion blur tend to weaken the relevance in the neighbor frames. In this paper, we propose recurrence-in-recurrence network architecture to cope with the limitations of short-ranged memory. We employ additional recurrent units inside the RNN cell. First, we employ inner-recurrence module (IRM) to manage the long-ranged dependency in a sequence. IRM learns to keep track of the cell memory and provides complementary information to find the deblurred frames. Second, we adopt an attention-based temporal blending strategy to extract the necessary part of the information in the local neighborhood. The adpative temporal blending (ATB) can either attenuate or amplify the features by the spatial attention. Our extensive experimental results and analysis validate the effectiveness of IRM and ATB on various RNN architectures.      
### 123.Enabling Multimodal Generation on CLIP via Vision-Language Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06386.pdf)
>  The recent large-scale vision-language pre-training (VLP) of dual-stream architectures (e.g., CLIP) with a tremendous amount of image-text pair data, has shown its superiority on various multimodal alignment tasks. Despite its success, the resulting models are not capable of multimodal generative tasks due to the weak text encoder. To tackle this problem, we propose to augment the dual-stream VLP model with a textual pre-trained language model (PLM) via vision-language knowledge distillation (VLKD), enabling the capability for multimodal generation. VLKD is pretty data- and computation-efficient compared to the pre-training from scratch. Experimental results show that the resulting model has strong zero-shot performance on multimodal generation tasks, such as open-ended visual question answering and image captioning. For example, it achieves 44.5% zero-shot accuracy on the VQAv2 dataset, surpassing the previous state-of-the-art zero-shot model with $7\times$ fewer parameters. Furthermore, the original textual language understanding and generation ability of the PLM is maintained after VLKD, which makes our model versatile for both multimodal and unimodal tasks.      
### 124.LesionPaste: One-Shot Anomaly Detection for Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06354.pdf)
>  Due to the high cost of manually annotating medical images, especially for large-scale datasets, anomaly detection has been explored through training models with only normal data. Lacking prior knowledge of true anomalies is the main reason for the limited application of previous anomaly detection methods, especially in the medical image analysis realm. In this work, we propose a one-shot anomaly detection framework, namely LesionPaste, that utilizes true anomalies from a single annotated sample and synthesizes artificial anomalous samples for anomaly detection. First, a lesion bank is constructed by applying augmentation to randomly selected lesion patches. Then, MixUp is adopted to paste patches from the lesion bank at random positions in normal images to synthesize anomalous samples for training. Finally, a classification network is trained using the synthetic abnormal samples and the true normal data. Extensive experiments are conducted on two publicly-available medical image datasets with different types of abnormalities. On both datasets, our proposed LesionPaste largely outperforms several state-of-the-art unsupervised and semi-supervised anomaly detection methods, and is on a par with the fully-supervised counterpart. To note, LesionPaste is even better than the fully-supervised method in detecting early-stage diabetic retinopathy.      
### 125.The Principle of Diversity: Training Stronger Vision Transformers Calls for Reducing All Levels of Redundancy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06345.pdf)
>  Vision transformers (ViTs) have gained increasing popularity as they are commonly believed to own higher modeling capacity and representation flexibility, than traditional convolutional networks. However, it is questionable whether such potential has been fully unleashed in practice, as the learned ViTs often suffer from over-smoothening, yielding likely redundant models. Recent works made preliminary attempts to identify and alleviate such redundancy, e.g., via regularizing embedding similarity or re-injecting convolution-like structures. However, a "head-to-toe assessment" regarding the extent of redundancy in ViTs, and how much we could gain by thoroughly mitigating such, has been absent for this field. This paper, for the first time, systematically studies the ubiquitous existence of redundancy at all three levels: patch embedding, attention map, and weight space. In view of them, we advocate a principle of diversity for training ViTs, by presenting corresponding regularizers that encourage the representation diversity and coverage at each of those levels, that enabling capturing more discriminative information. Extensive experiments on ImageNet with a number of ViT backbones validate the effectiveness of our proposals, largely eliminating the observed ViT redundancy and significantly boosting the model generalization. For example, our diversified DeiT obtains 0.70%~1.76% accuracy boosts on ImageNet with highly reduced similarity. Our codes are fully available in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VITA-Group/Diverse-ViT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 126.Auto-FedRL: Federated Hyperparameter Optimization for Multi-institutional Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06338.pdf)
>  Federated learning (FL) is a distributed machine learning technique that enables collaborative model training while avoiding explicit data sharing. The inherent privacy-preserving property of FL algorithms makes them especially attractive to the medical field. However, in case of heterogeneous client data distributions, standard FL methods are unstable and require intensive hyperparameter tuning to achieve optimal performance. Conventional hyperparameter optimization algorithms are impractical in real-world FL applications as they involve numerous training trials, which are often not affordable with limited compute budgets. In this work, we propose an efficient reinforcement learning~(RL)-based federated hyperparameter optimization algorithm, termed Auto-FedRL, in which an online RL agent can dynamically adjust hyperparameters of each client based on the current training progress. Extensive experiments are conducted to investigate different search strategies and RL agents. The effectiveness of the proposed method is validated on a heterogeneous data split of the CIFAR-10 dataset as well as two real-world medical image segmentation datasets for COVID-19 lesion segmentation in chest CT and pancreas segmentation in abdominal CT.      
### 127.Pressure Ulcer Categorisation using Deep Learning: A Clinical Trial to Evaluate Model Performance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06248.pdf)
>  Pressure ulcers are a challenge for patients and healthcare professionals. In the UK, 700,000 people are affected by pressure ulcers each year. Treating them costs the National Health Service 3.8 million every day. Their etiology is complex and multifactorial. However, evidence has shown a strong link between old age, disease-related sedentary lifestyles and unhealthy eating habits. Pressure ulcers are caused by direct skin contact with a bed or chair without frequent position changes. Urinary and faecal incontinence, diabetes, and injuries that restrict body position and nutrition are also known risk factors. Guidelines and treatments exist but their implementation and success vary across different healthcare settings. This is primarily because healthcare practitioners have a) minimal experience in dealing with pressure ulcers, and b) a general lack of understanding of pressure ulcer treatments. Poorly managed, pressure ulcers lead to severe pain, poor quality of life, and significant healthcare costs. In this paper, we report the findings of a clinical trial conducted by Mersey Care NHS Foundation Trust that evaluated the performance of a faster region-based convolutional neural network and mobile platform that categorised and documented pressure ulcers. The neural network classifies category I, II, III, and IV pressure ulcers, deep tissue injuries, and unstageable pressure ulcers. Photographs of pressure ulcers taken by district nurses are transmitted over 4/5G communications to an inferencing server for classification. Classified images are stored and reviewed to assess the model's predictions and relevance as a tool for clinical decision making and standardised reporting. The results from the study generated a mean average Precision=0.6796, Recall=0.6997, F1-Score=0.6786 with 45 false positives using an @.75 confidence score threshold.      
### 128.Medical Image Segmentation on MRI Images with Missing Modalities: A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06217.pdf)
>  Dealing with missing modalities in Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) and overcoming their negative repercussions is considered a hurdle in biomedical imaging. The combination of a specified set of modalities, which is selected depending on the scenario and anatomical part being scanned, will provide medical practitioners with full information about the region of interest in the human body, hence the missing MRI sequences should be reimbursed. The compensation of the adverse impact of losing useful information owing to the lack of one or more modalities is a well-known challenge in the field of computer vision, particularly for medical image processing tasks including tumour segmentation, tissue classification, and image generation. Various approaches have been developed over time to mitigate this problem's negative implications and this literature review goes through a significant number of the networks that seek to do so. The approaches reviewed in this work are reviewed in detail, including earlier techniques such as synthesis methods as well as later approaches that deploy deep learning, such as common latent space models, knowledge distillation networks, mutual information maximization, and generative adversarial networks (GANs). This work discusses the most important approaches that have been offered at the time of this writing, examining the novelty, strength, and weakness of each one. Furthermore, the most commonly used MRI datasets are highlighted and described. The main goal of this research is to offer a performance evaluation of missing modality compensating networks, as well as to outline future strategies for dealing with this issue.      
### 129.Leveraging universality of jet taggers through transfer learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06210.pdf)
>  A significant challenge in the tagging of boosted objects via machine-learning technology is the prohibitive computational cost associated with training sophisticated models. Nevertheless, the universality of QCD suggests that a large amount of the information learnt in the training is common to different physical signals and experimental setups. In this article, we explore the use of transfer learning techniques to develop fast and data-efficient jet taggers that leverage such universality. We consider the graph neural networks LundNet and ParticleNet, and introduce two prescriptions to transfer an existing tagger into a new signal based either on fine-tuning all the weights of a model or alternatively on freezing a fraction of them. In the case of $W$-boson and top-quark tagging, we find that one can obtain reliable taggers using an order of magnitude less data with a corresponding speed-up of the training process. Moreover, while keeping the size of the training data set fixed, we observe a speed-up of the training by up to a factor of three. This offers a promising avenue to facilitate the use of such tools in collider physics experiments.      
### 130.Semi-supervised classification of medical ultrasound images based on generative adversarial network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.06184.pdf)
>  Medical ultrasound (US) is one of the most widely used imaging modalities in clinical practice. However, its use presents unique challenges such as variable imaging quality. Deep learning (DL) can be used as an advanced medical US images analysis tool, while the performance of the DL model is greatly limited by the scarcity of big datasets. Here, we develop semi-supervised classification enhancement (SSCE) structures by constructing seven convolutional neural network (CNN) models and one of the most state-of-the-art generative adversarial network (GAN) models, StyleGAN2-ADA, to address this problem. A breast cancer dataset with 780 images is used as our base dataset. The results show that our SSCE structures obtain an accuracy of up to 97.9%, showing a maximum 21.6% improvement compared with utilizing CNN models alone and outperforming the previous methods using the same dataset by up to 23.9%. We believe our proposed state-of-the-art method can be regarded as a potential auxiliary tool for on-the-fly diagnoses of medical US images.      
