# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 18 Mar 2022
### 1.TensoRF: Tensorial Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09517.pdf)
>  We present TensoRF, a novel approach to model and reconstruct radiance fields. Unlike NeRF that purely uses MLPs, we model the radiance field of a scene as a 4D tensor, which represents a 3D voxel grid with per-voxel multi-channel features. Our central idea is to factorize the 4D scene tensor into multiple compact low-rank tensor components. We demonstrate that applying traditional CP decomposition -- that factorizes tensors into rank-one components with compact vectors -- in our framework leads to improvements over vanilla NeRF. To further boost performance, we introduce a novel vector-matrix (VM) decomposition that relaxes the low-rank constraints for two modes of a tensor and factorizes tensors into compact vector and matrix factors. Beyond superior rendering quality, our models with CP and VM decompositions lead to a significantly lower memory footprint in comparison to previous and concurrent works that directly optimize per-voxel features. Experimentally, we demonstrate that TensoRF with CP decomposition achieves fast reconstruction (&lt;30 min) with better rendering quality and even a smaller model size (&lt;4 MB) compared to NeRF. Moreover, TensoRF with VM decomposition further boosts rendering quality and outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods, while reducing the reconstruction time (&lt;10 min) and retaining a compact model size (&lt;75 MB).      
### 2.AutoSDF: Shape Priors for 3D Completion, Reconstruction and Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09516.pdf)
>  Powerful priors allow us to perform inference with insufficient information. In this paper, we propose an autoregressive prior for 3D shapes to solve multimodal 3D tasks such as shape completion, reconstruction, and generation. We model the distribution over 3D shapes as a non-sequential autoregressive distribution over a discretized, low-dimensional, symbolic grid-like latent representation of 3D shapes. This enables us to represent distributions over 3D shapes conditioned on information from an arbitrary set of spatially anchored query locations and thus perform shape completion in such arbitrary settings (e.g., generating a complete chair given only a view of the back leg). We also show that the learned autoregressive prior can be leveraged for conditional tasks such as single-view reconstruction and language-based generation. This is achieved by learning task-specific naive conditionals which can be approximated by light-weight models trained on minimal paired data. We validate the effectiveness of the proposed method using both quantitative and qualitative evaluation and show that the proposed method outperforms the specialized state-of-the-art methods trained for individual tasks. The project page with code and video visualizations can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://yccyenchicheng.github.io/AutoSDF/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.DetMatch: Two Teachers are Better Than One for Joint 2D and 3D Semi-Supervised Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09510.pdf)
>  While numerous 3D detection works leverage the complementary relationship between RGB images and point clouds, developments in the broader framework of semi-supervised object recognition remain uninfluenced by multi-modal fusion. Current methods develop independent pipelines for 2D and 3D semi-supervised learning despite the availability of paired image and point cloud frames. Observing that the distinct characteristics of each sensor cause them to be biased towards detecting different objects, we propose DetMatch, a flexible framework for joint semi-supervised learning on 2D and 3D modalities. By identifying objects detected in both sensors, our pipeline generates a cleaner, more robust set of pseudo-labels that both demonstrates stronger performance and stymies single-modality error propagation. Further, we leverage the richer semantics of RGB images to rectify incorrect 3D class predictions and improve localization of 3D boxes. Evaluating on the challenging KITTI and Waymo datasets, we improve upon strong semi-supervised learning methods and observe higher quality pseudo-labels. Code will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Divadi/DetMatch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 4.Towards Data-Efficient Detection Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09507.pdf)
>  Detection Transformers have achieved competitive performance on the sample-rich COCO dataset. However, we show most of them suffer from significant performance drops on small-size datasets, like Cityscapes. In other words, the detection transformers are generally data-hungry. To tackle this problem, we empirically analyze the factors that affect data efficiency, through a step-by-step transition from a data-efficient RCNN variant to the representative DETR. The empirical results suggest that sparse feature sampling from local image areas holds the key. Based on this observation, we alleviate the data-hungry issue of existing detection transformers by simply alternating how key and value sequences are constructed in the cross-attention layer, with minimum modifications to the original models. Besides, we introduce a simple yet effective label augmentation method to provide richer supervision and improve data efficiency. Experiments show that our method can be readily applied to different detection transformers and improve their performance on both small-size and sample-rich datasets. Code will be made publicly available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/encounter1997/DE-DETRs" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 5.Visualizing Global Explanations of Point Cloud DNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09505.pdf)
>  In the field of autonomous driving and robotics, point clouds are showing their excellent real-time performance as raw data from most of the mainstream 3D sensors. Therefore, point cloud neural networks have become a popular research direction in recent years. So far, however, there has been little discussion about the explainability of deep neural networks for point clouds. In this paper, we propose a point cloud-applicable explainability approach based on a local surrogate model-based method to show which components contribute to the classification. Moreover, we propose quantitative fidelity validations for generated explanations that enhance the persuasive power of explainability and compare the plausibility of different existing point cloud-applicable explainability methods. Our new explainability approach provides a fairly accurate, more semantically coherent and widely applicable explanation for point cloud classification tasks. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Explain3D/LIME-3D" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 6.Transframer: Arbitrary Frame Prediction with Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09494.pdf)
>  We present a general-purpose framework for image modelling and vision tasks based on probabilistic frame prediction. Our approach unifies a broad range of tasks, from image segmentation, to novel view synthesis and video interpolation. We pair this framework with an architecture we term Transframer, which uses U-Net and Transformer components to condition on annotated context frames, and outputs sequences of sparse, compressed image features. Transframer is the state-of-the-art on a variety of video generation benchmarks, is competitive with the strongest models on few-shot view synthesis, and can generate coherent 30 second videos from a single image without any explicit geometric information. A single generalist Transframer simultaneously produces promising results on 8 tasks, including semantic segmentation, image classification and optical flow prediction with no task-specific architectural components, demonstrating that multi-task computer vision can be tackled using probabilistic image models. Our approach can in principle be applied to a wide range of applications that require learning the conditional structure of annotated image-formatted data.      
### 7.Diffusion Probabilistic Modeling for Video Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09481.pdf)
>  Denoising diffusion probabilistic models are a promising new class of generative models that are competitive with GANs on perceptual metrics. In this paper, we explore their potential for sequentially generating video. Inspired by recent advances in neural video compression, we use denoising diffusion models to stochastically generate a residual to a deterministic next-frame prediction. We compare this approach to two sequential VAE and two GAN baselines on four datasets, where we test the generated frames for perceptual quality and forecasting accuracy against ground truth frames. We find significant improvements in terms of perceptual quality on all data and improvements in terms of frame forecasting for complex high-resolution videos.      
### 8.Computer Vision Algorithm for Predicting the Welding Efficiency of Friction Stir Welded Copper Joints from its Microstructures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09479.pdf)
>  Friction Stir Welding is a robust joining process, and numerous AI-based algorithms are being developed in this field to enhance mechanical and microstructure properties. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are Artificial Neural Networks that use image data as input. Identical to Artificial Neural Networks, they are composed of weights that are determined throughout learning, neurons (activated functions), and a goal (loss function). CNN is utilized in a variety of applications, including image recognition, semantic segmentation, image recognition, and localization. Utilizing training on 3000 microstructure pictures and new tests on 300 microstructure photographs, the current work investigates the predictions of Friction Stir Welded joint effectiveness using microstructure images.      
### 9.Self-Normalized Density Map (SNDM) for Counting Microbiological Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09474.pdf)
>  The statistical properties of the density map (DM) approach to counting microbiological objects on images are studied in detail. The DM is given by U$^2$-Net. Two statistical methods for deep neural networks are utilized: the bootstrap and the Monte Carlo (MC) dropout. The detailed analysis of the uncertainties for the DM predictions leads to a deeper understanding of the DM model's deficiencies. Based on our investigation, we propose a self-normalization module in the network. The improved network model, called Self-Normalized Density Map (SNDM), can correct its output density map by itself to accurately predict the total number of objects in the image. The SNDM architecture outperforms the original model. Moreover, both statistical frameworks -- bootstrap and MC dropout -- have consistent statistical results for SNDM, which were not observed in the original model.      
### 10.FERV39k: A Large-Scale Multi-Scene Dataset for Facial Expression Recognition in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09463.pdf)
>  Current benchmarks for facial expression recognition (FER) mainly focus on static images, while there are limited datasets for FER in videos. It is still ambiguous to evaluate whether performances of existing methods remain satisfactory in real-world application-oriented scenes. For example, the "Happy" expression with high intensity in Talk-Show is more discriminating than the same expression with low intensity in Official-Event. To fill this gap, we build a large-scale multi-scene dataset, coined as FERV39k. We analyze the important ingredients of constructing such a novel dataset in three aspects: (1) multi-scene hierarchy and expression class, (2) generation of candidate video clips, (3) trusted manual labelling process. Based on these guidelines, we select 4 scenarios subdivided into 22 scenes, annotate 86k samples automatically obtained from 4k videos based on the well-designed workflow, and finally build 38,935 video clips labeled with 7 classic expressions. Experiment benchmarks on four kinds of baseline frameworks were also provided and further analysis on their performance across different scenes and some challenges for future research were given. Besides, we systematically investigate key components of DFER by ablation studies. The baseline framework and our project will be available.      
### 11.Look Outside the Room: Synthesizing A Consistent Long-Term 3D Scene Video from A Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09457.pdf)
>  Novel view synthesis from a single image has recently attracted a lot of attention, and it has been primarily advanced by 3D deep learning and rendering techniques. However, most work is still limited by synthesizing new views within relatively small camera motions. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to synthesize a consistent long-term video given a single scene image and a trajectory of large camera motions. Our approach utilizes an autoregressive Transformer to perform sequential modeling of multiple frames, which reasons the relations between multiple frames and the corresponding cameras to predict the next frame. To facilitate learning and ensure consistency among generated frames, we introduce a locality constraint based on the input cameras to guide self-attention among a large number of patches across space and time. Our method outperforms state-of-the-art view synthesis approaches by a large margin, especially when synthesizing long-term future in indoor 3D scenes. Project page at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://xrenaa.github.io/look-outside-room/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.Synthetic-to-Real Domain Adaptation using Contrastive Unpaired Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09454.pdf)
>  The usefulness of deep learning models in robotics is largely dependent on the availability of training data. Manual annotation of training data is often infeasible. Synthetic data is a viable alternative, but suffers from domain gap. We propose a multi-step method to obtain training data without manual annotation effort: From 3D object meshes, we generate images using a modern synthesis pipeline. We utilize a state-of-the-art image-to-image translation method to adapt the synthetic images to the real domain, minimizing the domain gap in a learned manner. The translation network is trained from unpaired images, i.e. just requires an un-annotated collection of real images. The generated and refined images can then be used to train deep learning models for a particular task. We also propose and evaluate extensions to the translation method that further increase performance, such as patch-based training, which shortens training time and increases global consistency. We evaluate our method and demonstrate its effectiveness on two robotic datasets. We finally give insight into the learned refinement operations.      
### 13.Continual Learning Based on OOD Detection and Task Masking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09450.pdf)
>  Existing continual learning techniques focus on either task incremental learning (TIL) or class incremental learning (CIL) problem, but not both. CIL and TIL differ mainly in that the task-id is provided for each test sample during testing for TIL, but not provided for CIL. Continual learning methods intended for one problem have limitations on the other problem. This paper proposes a novel unified approach based on out-of-distribution (OOD) detection and task masking, called CLOM, to solve both problems. The key novelty is that each task is trained as an OOD detection model rather than a traditional supervised learning model, and a task mask is trained to protect each task to prevent forgetting. Our evaluation shows that CLOM outperforms existing state-of-the-art baselines by large margins. The average TIL/CIL accuracy of CLOM over six experiments is 87.6/67.9% while that of the best baselines is only 82.4/55.0%.      
### 14.Vox2Cortex: Fast Explicit Reconstruction of Cortical Surfaces from 3D MRI Scans with Geometric Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09446.pdf)
>  The reconstruction of cortical surfaces from brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans is essential for quantitative analyses of cortical thickness and sulcal morphology. Although traditional and deep learning-based algorithmic pipelines exist for this purpose, they have two major drawbacks: lengthy runtimes of multiple hours (traditional) or intricate post-processing, such as mesh extraction and topology correction (deep learning-based). In this work, we address both of these issues and propose Vox2Cortex, a deep learning-based algorithm that directly yields topologically correct, three-dimensional meshes of the boundaries of the cortex. Vox2Cortex leverages convolutional and graph convolutional neural networks to deform an initial template to the densely folded geometry of the cortex represented by an input MRI scan. We show in extensive experiments on three brain MRI datasets that our meshes are as accurate as the ones reconstructed by state-of-the-art methods in the field, without the need for time- and resource-intensive post-processing. To accurately reconstruct the tightly folded cortex, we work with meshes containing about 168,000 vertices at test time, scaling deep explicit reconstruction methods to a new level.      
### 15.Image Super-Resolution With Deep Variational Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09445.pdf)
>  Image super-resolution (SR) techniques are used to generate a high-resolution image from a low-resolution image. Until now, deep generative models such as autoregressive models and Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have proven to be effective at modelling high-resolution images. Models based on Variational Autoencoders (VAEs) have often been criticized for their feeble generative performance, but with new advancements such as VDVAE (very deep VAE), there is now strong evidence that deep VAEs have the potential to outperform current state-of-the-art models for high-resolution image generation. In this paper, we introduce VDVAE-SR, a new model that aims to exploit the most recent deep VAE methodologies to improve upon image super-resolution using transfer learning on pretrained VDVAEs. Through qualitative and quantitative evaluations, we show that the proposed model is competitive with other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 16.TO-Scene: A Large-scale Dataset for Understanding 3D Tabletop Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09440.pdf)
>  Many basic indoor activities such as eating or writing are always conducted upon different tabletops (e.g., coffee tables, writing desks). It is indispensable to understanding tabletop scenes in 3D indoor scene parsing applications. Unfortunately, it is hard to meet this demand by directly deploying data-driven algorithms, since 3D tabletop scenes are rarely available in current datasets. To remedy this defect, we introduce TO-Scene, a large-scale dataset focusing on tabletop scenes, which contains 20,740 scenes with three variants. To acquire the data, we design an efficient and scalable framework, where a crowdsourcing UI is developed to transfer CAD objects onto tables from ScanNet, then the output tabletop scenes are simulated into real scans and annotated automatically. <br>Further, a tabletop-aware learning strategy is proposed for better perceiving the small-sized tabletop instances. Notably, we also provide a real scanned test set TO-Real to verify the practical value of TO-Scene. Experiments show that the algorithms trained on TO-Scene indeed work on the realistic test data, and our proposed tabletop-aware learning strategy greatly improves the state-of-the-art results on both 3D semantic segmentation and object detection tasks. TO-Scene and TO-Real, plus Web UI, will all be publicly available.      
### 17.Mutual Learning for Domain Adaptation: Self-distillation Image Dehazing Network with Sample-cycle  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09430.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based methods have made significant achievements for image dehazing. However, most of existing dehazing networks are concentrated on training models using simulated hazy images, resulting in generalization performance degradation when applied on real-world hazy images because of domain shift. In this paper, we propose a mutual learning dehazing framework for domain adaption. Specifically, we first devise two siamese networks: a teacher network in the synthetic domain and a student network in the real domain, and then optimize them in a mutual learning manner by leveraging EMA and joint loss. Moreover, we design a sample-cycle strategy based on density augmentation (HDA) module to introduce pseudo real-world image pairs provided by the student network into training for further improving the generalization performance. Extensive experiments on both synthetic and real-world dataset demonstrate that the propose mutual learning framework outperforms state-of-the-art dehazing techniques in terms of subjective and objective evaluation.      
### 18.Deep Unsupervised Hashing with Latent Semantic Components  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09420.pdf)
>  Deep unsupervised hashing has been appreciated in the regime of image retrieval. However, most prior arts failed to detect the semantic components and their relationships behind the images, which makes them lack discriminative power. To make up the defect, we propose a novel Deep Semantic Components Hashing (DSCH), which involves a common sense that an image normally contains a bunch of semantic components with homology and co-occurrence relationships. Based on this prior, DSCH regards the semantic components as latent variables under the Expectation-Maximization framework and designs a two-step iterative algorithm with the objective of maximum likelihood of training data. Firstly, DSCH constructs a semantic component structure by uncovering the fine-grained semantics components of images with a Gaussian Mixture Modal~(GMM), where an image is represented as a mixture of multiple components, and the semantics co-occurrence are exploited. Besides, coarse-grained semantics components, are discovered by considering the homology relationships between fine-grained components, and the hierarchy organization is then constructed. Secondly, DSCH makes the images close to their semantic component centers at both fine-grained and coarse-grained levels, and also makes the images share similar semantic components close to each other. Extensive experiments on three benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed hierarchical semantic components indeed facilitate the hashing model to achieve superior performance.      
### 19.ZebraPose: Coarse to Fine Surface Encoding for 6DoF Object Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09418.pdf)
>  Establishing correspondences from image to 3D has been a key task of 6DoF object pose estimation for a long time. To predict pose more accurately, deeply learned dense maps replaced sparse templates. Dense methods also improved pose estimation in the presence of occlusion. More recently researchers have shown improvements by learning object fragments as segmentation. In this work, we present a discrete descriptor, which can represent the object surface densely. By incorporating a hierarchical binary grouping, we can encode the object surface very efficiently. Moreover, we propose a coarse to fine training strategy, which enables fine-grained correspondence prediction. Finally, by matching predicted codes with object surface and using a PnP solver, we estimate the 6DoF pose. Results on the public LM-O and YCB-V datasets show major improvement over the state of the art w.r.t. ADD(-S) metric, even surpassing RGB-D based methods in some cases.      
### 20.Bi-directional Object-context Prioritization Learning for Saliency Ranking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09416.pdf)
>  The saliency ranking task is recently proposed to study the visual behavior that humans would typically shift their attention over different objects of a scene based on their degrees of saliency. Existing approaches focus on learning either object-object or object-scene relations. Such a strategy follows the idea of object-based attention in Psychology, but it tends to favor those objects with strong semantics (e.g., humans), resulting in unrealistic saliency ranking. We observe that spatial attention works concurrently with object-based attention in the human visual recognition system. During the recognition process, the human spatial attention mechanism would move, engage, and disengage from region to region (i.e., context to context). This inspires us to model the region-level interactions, in addition to the object-level reasoning, for saliency ranking. To this end, we propose a novel bi-directional method to unify spatial attention and object-based attention for saliency ranking. Our model includes two novel modules: (1) a selective object saliency (SOS) module that models objectbased attention via inferring the semantic representation of the salient object, and (2) an object-context-object relation (OCOR) module that allocates saliency ranks to objects by jointly modeling the object-context and context-object interactions of the salient objects. Extensive experiments show that our approach outperforms existing state-of-theart methods. Our code and pretrained model are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/GrassBro/OCOR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.Medium Transmission Map Matters for Learning to Restore Real-World Underwater Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09414.pdf)
>  Underwater visual perception is essentially important for underwater exploration, archeology, ecosystem and so on. The low illumination, light reflections, scattering, absorption and suspended particles inevitably lead to the critically degraded underwater image quality, which causes great challenges on recognizing the objects from the underwater images. The existing underwater enhancement methods that aim to promote the underwater visibility, heavily suffer from the poor image restoration performance and generalization ability. To reduce the difficulty of underwater image enhancement, we introduce the media transmission map as guidance to assist in image enhancement. We formulate the interaction between the underwater visual images and the transmission map to obtain better enhancement results. Even with simple and lightweight network configuration, the proposed method can achieve advanced results of 22.6 dB on the challenging Test-R90 with an impressive 30 times faster than the existing models. Comprehensive experimental results have demonstrated the superiority and potential on underwater perception. Paper's code is privoded on: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/GroupG-yk/MTUR-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 22.A Text Attention Network for Spatial Deformation Robust Scene Text Image Super-resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09388.pdf)
>  Scene text image super-resolution aims to increase the resolution and readability of the text in low-resolution images. Though significant improvement has been achieved by deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs), it remains difficult to reconstruct high-resolution images for spatially deformed texts, especially rotated and curve-shaped ones. This is because the current CNN-based methods adopt locality-based operations, which are not effective to deal with the variation caused by deformations. In this paper, we propose a CNN based Text ATTention network (TATT) to address this problem. The semantics of the text are firstly extracted by a text recognition module as text prior information. Then we design a novel transformer-based module, which leverages global attention mechanism, to exert the semantic guidance of text prior to the text reconstruction process. In addition, we propose a text structure consistency loss to refine the visual appearance by imposing structural consistency on the reconstructions of regular and deformed texts. Experiments on the benchmark TextZoom dataset show that the proposed TATT not only achieves state-of-the-art performance in terms of PSNR/SSIM metrics, but also significantly improves the recognition accuracy in the downstream text recognition task, particularly for text instances with multi-orientation and curved shapes. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mjq11302010044/TATT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.One-Stage Deep Edge Detection Based on Dense-Scale Feature Fusion and Pixel-Level Imbalance Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09387.pdf)
>  Edge detection, a basic task in the field of computer vision, is an important preprocessing operation for the recognition and understanding of a visual scene. In conventional models, the edge image generated is ambiguous, and the edge lines are also very thick, which typically necessitates the use of non-maximum suppression (NMS) and morphological thinning operations to generate clear and thin edge images. In this paper, we aim to propose a one-stage neural network model that can generate high-quality edge images without postprocessing. The proposed model adopts a classic encoder-decoder framework in which a pre-trained neural model is used as the encoder and a multi-feature-fusion mechanism that merges the features of each level with each other functions as a learnable decoder. Further, we propose a new loss function that addresses the pixel-level imbalance in the edge image by suppressing the false positive (FP) edge information near the true positive (TP) edge and the false negative (FN) non-edge. The results of experiments conducted on several benchmark datasets indicate that the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art results without using NMS and morphological thinning operations.      
### 24.Neural Part Priors: Learning to Optimize Part-Based Object Completion in RGB-D Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09375.pdf)
>  3D object recognition has seen significant advances in recent years, showing impressive performance on real-world 3D scan benchmarks, but lacking in object part reasoning, which is fundamental to higher-level scene understanding such as inter-object similarities or object functionality. Thus, we propose to leverage large-scale synthetic datasets of 3D shapes annotated with part information to learn Neural Part Priors (NPPs), optimizable spaces characterizing geometric part priors. Crucially, we can optimize over the learned part priors in order to fit to real-world scanned 3D scenes at test time, enabling robust part decomposition of the real objects in these scenes that also estimates the complete geometry of the object while fitting accurately to the observed real geometry. Moreover, this enables global optimization over geometrically similar detected objects in a scene, which often share strong geometric commonalities, enabling scene-consistent part decompositions. Experiments on the ScanNet dataset demonstrate that NPPs significantly outperforms state of the art in part decomposition and object completion in real-world scenes.      
### 25.Transforming Gait: Video-Based Spatiotemporal Gait Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09371.pdf)
>  Human pose estimation from monocular video is a rapidly advancing field that offers great promise to human movement science and rehabilitation. This potential is tempered by the smaller body of work ensuring the outputs are clinically meaningful and properly calibrated. Gait analysis, typically performed in a dedicated lab, produces precise measurements including kinematics and step timing. Using over 7000 monocular video from an instrumented gait analysis lab, we trained a neural network to map 3D joint trajectories and the height of individuals onto interpretable biomechanical outputs including gait cycle timing and sagittal plane joint kinematics and spatiotemporal trajectories. This task specific layer produces accurate estimates of the timing of foot contact and foot off events. After parsing the kinematic outputs into individual gait cycles, it also enables accurate cycle-by-cycle estimates of cadence, step time, double and single support time, walking speed and step length.      
### 26.Interacting Attention Graph for Single Image Two-Hand Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09364.pdf)
>  Graph convolutional network (GCN) has achieved great success in single hand reconstruction task, while interacting two-hand reconstruction by GCN remains unexplored. In this paper, we present Interacting Attention Graph Hand (IntagHand), the first graph convolution based network that reconstructs two interacting hands from a single RGB image. To solve occlusion and interaction challenges of two-hand reconstruction, we introduce two novel attention based modules in each upsampling step of the original GCN. The first module is the pyramid image feature attention (PIFA) module, which utilizes multiresolution features to implicitly obtain vertex-to-image alignment. The second module is the cross hand attention (CHA) module that encodes the coherence of interacting hands by building dense cross-attention between two hand vertices. As a result, our model outperforms all existing two-hand reconstruction methods by a large margin on InterHand2.6M benchmark. Moreover, ablation studies verify the effectiveness of both PIFA and CHA modules for improving the reconstruction accuracy. Results on in-the-wild images and live video streams further demonstrate the generalization ability of our network. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Dw1010/IntagHand" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 27.Fine Detailed Texture Learning for 3D Meshes with Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09362.pdf)
>  This paper presents a method to reconstruct high-quality textured 3D models from both multi-view and single-view images. The reconstruction is posed as an adaptation problem and is done progressively where in the first stage, we focus on learning accurate geometry, whereas in the second stage, we focus on learning the texture with a generative adversarial network. In the generative learning pipeline, we propose two improvements. First, since the learned textures should be spatially aligned, we propose an attention mechanism that relies on the learnable positions of pixels. Secondly, since discriminator receives aligned texture maps, we augment its input with a learnable embedding which improves the feedback to the generator. We achieve significant improvements on multi-view sequences from Tripod dataset as well as on single-view image datasets, Pascal 3D+ and CUB. We demonstrate that our method achieves superior 3D textured models compared to the previous works. Please visit our web-page for 3D visuals.      
### 28.CYBORGS: Contrastively Bootstrapping Object Representations by Grounding in Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09343.pdf)
>  Many recent approaches in contrastive learning have worked to close the gap between pretraining on iconic images like ImageNet and pretraining on complex scenes like COCO. This gap exists largely because commonly used random crop augmentations obtain semantically inconsistent content in crowded scene images of diverse objects. Previous works use preprocessing pipelines to localize salient objects for improved cropping, but an end-to-end solution is still elusive. In this work, we propose a framework which accomplishes this goal via joint learning of representations and segmentation. We leverage segmentation masks to train a model with a mask-dependent contrastive loss, and use the partially trained model to bootstrap better masks. By iterating between these two components, we ground the contrastive updates in segmentation information, and simultaneously improve segmentation throughout pretraining. Experiments show our representations transfer robustly to downstream tasks in classification, detection and segmentation.      
### 29.Object Localization under Single Coarse Point Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09338.pdf)
>  Point-based object localization (POL), which pursues high-performance object sensing under low-cost data annotation, has attracted increased attention. However, the point annotation mode inevitably introduces semantic variance for the inconsistency of annotated points. Existing POL methods heavily reply on accurate key-point annotations which are difficult to define. In this study, we propose a POL method using coarse point annotations, relaxing the supervision signals from accurate key points to freely spotted points. To this end, we propose a coarse point refinement (CPR) approach, which to our best knowledge is the first attempt to alleviate semantic variance from the perspective of algorithm. CPR constructs point bags, selects semantic-correlated points, and produces semantic center points through multiple instance learning (MIL). In this way, CPR defines a weakly supervised evolution procedure, which ensures training high-performance object localizer under coarse point supervision. Experimental results on COCO, DOTA and our proposed SeaPerson dataset validate the effectiveness of the CPR approach. The dataset and code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ucas-vg/PointTinyBenchmark/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 30.Modulated Contrast for Versatile Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09333.pdf)
>  Perceiving the similarity between images has been a long-standing and fundamental problem underlying various visual generation tasks. Predominant approaches measure the inter-image distance by computing pointwise absolute deviations, which tends to estimate the median of instance distributions and leads to blurs and artifacts in the generated images. This paper presents MoNCE, a versatile metric that introduces image contrast to learn a calibrated metric for the perception of multifaceted inter-image distances. Unlike vanilla contrast which indiscriminately pushes negative samples from the anchor regardless of their similarity, we propose to re-weight the pushing force of negative samples adaptively according to their similarity to the anchor, which facilitates the contrastive learning from informative negative samples. Since multiple patch-level contrastive objectives are involved in image distance measurement, we introduce optimal transport in MoNCE to modulate the pushing force of negative samples collaboratively across multiple contrastive objectives. Extensive experiments over multiple image translation tasks show that the proposed MoNCE outperforms various prevailing metrics substantially. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fnzhan/MoNCE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Localizing Visual Sounds the Easy Way  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09324.pdf)
>  Unsupervised audio-visual source localization aims at localizing visible sound sources in a video without relying on ground-truth localization for training. Previous works often seek high audio-visual similarities for likely positive (sounding) regions and low similarities for likely negative regions. However, accurately distinguishing between sounding and non-sounding regions is challenging without manual annotations. In this work, we propose a simple yet effective approach for Easy Visual Sound Localization, namely EZ-VSL, without relying on the construction of positive and/or negative regions during training. Instead, we align audio and visual spaces by seeking audio-visual representations that are aligned in, at least, one location of the associated image, while not matching other images, at any location. We also introduce a novel object guided localization scheme at inference time for improved precision. Our simple and effective framework achieves state-of-the-art performance on two popular benchmarks, Flickr SoundNet and VGG-Sound Source. In particular, we improve the CIoU of the Flickr SoundNet test set from 76.80% to 83.94%, and on the VGG-Sound Source dataset from 34.60% to 38.85%. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/stoneMo/EZ-VSL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.Video Prediction at Multiple Scales with Hierarchical Recurrent Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09303.pdf)
>  Autonomous systems not only need to understand their current environment, but should also be able to predict future actions conditioned on past states, for instance based on captured camera frames. For certain tasks, detailed predictions such as future video frames are required in the near future, whereas for others it is beneficial to also predict more abstract representations for longer time horizons. However, existing video prediction models mainly focus on forecasting detailed possible outcomes for short time-horizons, hence being of limited use for robot perception and spatial reasoning. We propose Multi-Scale Hierarchical Prediction (MSPred), a novel video prediction model able to forecast future possible outcomes of different levels of granularity at different time-scales simultaneously. By combining spatial and temporal downsampling, MSPred is able to efficiently predict abstract representations such as human poses or object locations over long time horizons, while still maintaining a competitive performance for video frame prediction. In our experiments, we demonstrate that our proposed model accurately predicts future video frames as well as other representations (e.g. keypoints or positions) on various scenarios, including bin-picking scenes or action recognition datasets, consistently outperforming popular approaches for video frame prediction. Furthermore, we conduct an ablation study to investigate the importance of the different modules and design choices in MSPred. In the spirit of reproducible research, we open-source VP-Suite, a general framework for deep-learning-based video prediction, as well as pretrained models to reproduce our results.      
### 33.One-Shot Adaptation of GAN in Just One CLIP  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09301.pdf)
>  There are many recent research efforts to fine-tune a pre-trained generator with a few target images to generate images of a novel domain. Unfortunately, these methods often suffer from overfitting or under-fitting when fine-tuned with a single target image. To address this, here we present a novel single-shot GAN adaptation method through unified CLIP space manipulations. Specifically, our model employs a two-step training strategy: reference image search in the source generator using a CLIP-guided latent optimization, followed by generator fine-tuning with a novel loss function that imposes CLIP space consistency between the source and adapted generators. To further improve the adapted model to produce spatially consistent samples with respect to the source generator, we also propose contrastive regularization for patchwise relationships in the CLIP space. Experimental results show that our model generates diverse outputs with the target texture and outperforms the baseline models both qualitatively and quantitatively. Furthermore, we show that our CLIP space manipulation strategy allows more effective attribute editing.      
### 34.A Differentiable Two-stage Alignment Scheme for Burst Image Reconstruction with Large Shift  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09294.pdf)
>  Denoising and demosaicking are two essential steps to reconstruct a clean full-color image from the raw data. Recently, joint denoising and demosaicking (JDD) for burst images, namely JDD-B, has attracted much attention by using multiple raw images captured in a short time to reconstruct a single high-quality image. One key challenge of JDD-B lies in the robust alignment of image frames. State-of-the-art alignment methods in feature domain cannot effectively utilize the temporal information of burst images, where large shifts commonly exist due to camera and object motion. In addition, the higher resolution (e.g., 4K) of modern imaging devices results in larger displacement between frames. To address these challenges, we design a differentiable two-stage alignment scheme sequentially in patch and pixel level for effective JDD-B. The input burst images are firstly aligned in the patch level by using a differentiable progressive block matching method, which can estimate the offset between distant frames with small computational cost. Then we perform implicit pixel-wise alignment in full-resolution feature domain to refine the alignment results. The two stages are jointly trained in an end-to-end manner. Extensive experiments demonstrate the significant improvement of our method over existing JDD-B methods. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/GuoShi28/2StageAlign" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 35.PreTR: Spatio-Temporal Non-Autoregressive Trajectory Prediction Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09293.pdf)
>  Nowadays, our mobility systems are evolving into the era of intelligent vehicles that aim to improve road safety. Due to their vulnerability, pedestrians are the users who will benefit the most from these developments. However, predicting their trajectory is one of the most challenging concerns. Indeed, accurate prediction requires a good understanding of multi-agent interactions that can be complex. Learning the underlying spatial and temporal patterns caused by these interactions is even more of a competitive and open problem that many researchers are tackling. In this paper, we introduce a model called PRediction Transformer (PReTR) that extracts features from the multi-agent scenes by employing a factorized spatio-temporal attention module. It shows less computational needs than previously studied models with empirically better results. Besides, previous works in motion prediction suffer from the exposure bias problem caused by generating future sequences conditioned on model prediction samples rather than ground-truth samples. In order to go beyond the proposed solutions, we leverage encoder-decoder Transformer networks for parallel decoding a set of learned object queries. This non-autoregressive solution avoids the need for iterative conditioning and arguably decreases training and testing computational time. We evaluate our model on the ETH/UCY datasets, a publicly available benchmark for pedestrian trajectory prediction. Finally, we justify our usage of the parallel decoding technique by showing that the trajectory prediction task can be better solved as a non-autoregressive task.      
### 36.HybridCap: Inertia-aid Monocular Capture of Challenging Human Motions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09287.pdf)
>  Monocular 3D motion capture (mocap) is beneficial to many applications. The use of a single camera, however, often fails to handle occlusions of different body parts and hence it is limited to capture relatively simple movements. We present a light-weight, hybrid mocap technique called HybridCap that augments the camera with only 4 Inertial Measurement Units (IMUs) in a learning-and-optimization framework. We first employ a weakly-supervised and hierarchical motion inference module based on cooperative Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU) blocks that serve as limb, body and root trackers as well as an inverse kinematics solver. Our network effectively narrows the search space of plausible motions via coarse-to-fine pose estimation and manages to tackle challenging movements with high efficiency. We further develop a hybrid optimization scheme that combines inertial feedback and visual cues to improve tracking accuracy. Extensive experiments on various datasets demonstrate HybridCap can robustly handle challenging movements ranging from fitness actions to Latin dance. It also achieves real-time performance up to 60 fps with state-of-the-art accuracy.      
### 37.PanoFormer: Panorama Transformer for Indoor 360° Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09283.pdf)
>  Existing panoramic depth estimation methods based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) focus on removing panoramic distortions, failing to perceive panoramic structures efficiently due to the fixed receptive field in CNNs. This paper proposes the panorama transformer (named PanoFormer) to estimate the depth in panorama images, with tangent patches from spherical domain, learnable token flows, and panorama specific metrics. In particular, we divide patches on the spherical tangent domain into tokens to reduce the negative effect of panoramic distortions. Since the geometric structures are essential for depth estimation, a self-attention module is redesigned with an additional learnable token flow. In addition, considering the characteristic of the spherical domain, we present two panorama-specific metrics to comprehensively evaluate the panoramic depth estimation models' performance. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our approach significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art (SOTA) methods. Furthermore, the proposed method can be effectively extended to solve semantic panorama segmentation, a similar pixel2pixel task. Code will be available.      
### 38.ART-SS: An Adaptive Rejection Technique for Semi-Supervised restoration for adverse weather-affected images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09275.pdf)
>  In recent years, convolutional neural network-based single image adverse weather removal methods have achieved significant performance improvements on many benchmark datasets. However, these methods require large amounts of clean-weather degraded image pairs for training, which is often difficult to obtain in practice. Although various weather degradation synthesis methods exist in the literature, the use of synthetically generated weather degraded images often results in sub-optimal performance on the real weather degraded images due to the domain gap between synthetic and real-world images. To deal with this problem, various semi-supervised restoration (SSR) methods have been proposed for deraining or dehazing which learn to restore the clean image using synthetically generated datasets while generalizing better using unlabeled real-world images. The performance of a semi-supervised method is essentially based on the quality of the unlabeled data. In particular, if the unlabeled data characteristics are very different from that of the labeled data, then the performance of a semi-supervised method degrades significantly. We theoretically study the effect of unlabeled data on the performance of an SSR method and develop a technique that rejects the unlabeled images that degrade the performance. Extensive experiments and ablation study show that the proposed sample rejection method increases the performance of existing SSR deraining and dehazing methods significantly. Code is available at :<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rajeevyasarla/ART-SS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 39.Contrastive Learning for Cross-Domain Open World Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09257.pdf)
>  The ability to evolve is fundamental for any valuable autonomous agent whose knowledge cannot remain limited to that injected by the manufacturer. Consider for example a home assistant robot: it should be able to incrementally learn new object categories when requested, but also to recognize the same objects in different environments (rooms) and poses (hand-held/on the floor/above furniture), while rejecting unknown ones. Despite its importance, this scenario has started to raise interest in the robotic community only recently and the related research is still in its infancy, with existing experimental testbeds but no tailored methods. With this work, we propose the first learning approach that deals with all the previously mentioned challenges at once by exploiting a single contrastive objective. We show how it learns a feature space perfectly suitable to incrementally include new classes and is able to capture knowledge which generalizes across a variety of visual domains. Our method is endowed with a tailored effective stopping criterion for each learning episode and exploits a novel self-paced thresholding strategy that provides the classifier with a reliable rejection option. Both these contributions are based on the observation of the data statistics and do not need manual tuning. An extensive experimental analysis confirms the effectiveness of the proposed approach establishing the new state-of-the-art. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/FrancescoCappio/Contrastive_Open_World" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 40.On the Properties of Adversarially-Trained CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09243.pdf)
>  Adversarial Training has proved to be an effective training paradigm to enforce robustness against adversarial examples in modern neural network architectures. Despite many efforts, explanations of the foundational principles underpinning the effectiveness of Adversarial Training are limited and far from being widely accepted by the Deep Learning community. In this paper, we describe surprising properties of adversarially-trained models, shedding light on mechanisms through which robustness against adversarial attacks is implemented. Moreover, we highlight limitations and failure modes affecting these models that were not discussed by prior works. We conduct extensive analyses on a wide range of architectures and datasets, performing a deep comparison between robust and natural models.      
### 41.Depth-aware Neural Style Transfer using Instance Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09242.pdf)
>  Neural Style Transfer (NST) is concerned with the artistic stylization of visual media. It can be described as the process of transferring the style of an artistic image onto an ordinary photograph. Recently, a number of studies have considered the enhancement of the depth-preserving capabilities of the NST algorithms to address the undesired effects that occur when the input content images include numerous objects at various depths. Our approach uses a deep residual convolutional network with instance normalization layers that utilizes an advanced depth prediction network to integrate depth preservation as an additional loss function to content and style. We demonstrate results that are effective in retaining the depth and global structure of content images. Three different evaluation processes show that our system is capable of preserving the structure of the stylized results while exhibiting style-capture capabilities and aesthetic qualities comparable or superior to state-of-the-art methods.      
### 42.Surgical Workflow Recognition: from Analysis of Challenges to Architectural Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09230.pdf)
>  Algorithmic surgical workflow recognition is an ongoing research field and can be divided into laparoscopic (Internal) and operating room (External) analysis. So far many different works for the internal analysis have been proposed with the combination of a frame-level and an additional temporal model to address the temporal ambiguities between different workflow phases. For the External recognition task, Clip-level methods are in the focus of researchers targeting the local ambiguities present in the OR scene. In this work we evaluate combinations of different model architectures for the task of surgical workflow recognition to provide a fair comparison of the methods for both Internal and External analysis. We show that methods designed for the Internal analysis can be transferred to the external task with comparable performance gains for different architectures.      
### 43.HSC4D: Human-centered 4D Scene Capture in Large-scale Indoor-outdoor Space Using Wearable IMUs and LiDAR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09215.pdf)
>  We propose Human-centered 4D Scene Capture (HSC4D) to accurately and efficiently create a dynamic digital world, containing large-scale indoor-outdoor scenes, diverse human motions, and rich interactions between humans and environments. Using only body-mounted IMUs and LiDAR, HSC4D is space-free without any external devices' constraints and map-free without pre-built maps. Considering that IMUs can capture human poses but always drift for long-period use, while LiDAR is stable for global localization but rough for local positions and orientations, HSC4D makes both sensors complement each other by a joint optimization and achieves promising results for long-term capture. Relationships between humans and environments are also explored to make their interaction more realistic. To facilitate many down-stream tasks, like AR, VR, robots, autonomous driving, etc., we propose a dataset containing three large scenes (1k-5k $m^2$) with accurate dynamic human motions and locations. Diverse scenarios (climbing gym, multi-story building, slope, etc.) and challenging human activities (exercising, walking up/down stairs, climbing, etc.) demonstrate the effectiveness and the generalization ability of HSC4D. The dataset and code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/climbingdaily/HSC4D" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 44.Neural Compression-Based Feature Learning for Video Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09208.pdf)
>  How to efficiently utilize the temporal features is crucial, yet challenging, for video restoration. The temporal features usually contain various noisy and uncorrelated information, and they may interfere with the restoration of the current frame. This paper proposes learning noise-robust feature representations to help video restoration. We are inspired by that the neural codec is a natural denoiser. In neural codec, the noisy and uncorrelated contents which are hard to predict but cost lots of bits are more inclined to be discarded for bitrate saving. Therefore, we design a neural compression module to filter the noise and keep the most useful information in features for video restoration. To achieve robustness to noise, our compression module adopts a spatial channel-wise quantization mechanism to adaptively determine the quantization step size for each position in the latent. Experiments show that our method can significantly boost the performance on video denoising, where we obtain 0.13 dB improvement over BasicVSR++ with only 0.23x FLOPs. Meanwhile, our method also obtains SOTA results on video deraining and dehazing.      
### 45.Details or Artifacts: A Locally Discriminative Learning Approach to Realistic Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09195.pdf)
>  Single image super-resolution (SISR) with generative adversarial networks (GAN) has recently attracted increasing attention due to its potentials to generate rich details. However, the training of GAN is unstable, and it often introduces many perceptually unpleasant artifacts along with the generated details. In this paper, we demonstrate that it is possible to train a GAN-based SISR model which can stably generate perceptually realistic details while inhibiting visual artifacts. Based on the observation that the local statistics (e.g., residual variance) of artifact areas are often different from the areas of perceptually friendly details, we develop a framework to discriminate between GAN-generated artifacts and realistic details, and consequently generate an artifact map to regularize and stabilize the model training process. Our proposed locally discriminative learning (LDL) method is simple yet effective, which can be easily plugged in off-the-shelf SISR methods and boost their performance. Experiments demonstrate that LDL outperforms the state-of-the-art GAN based SISR methods, achieving not only higher reconstruction accuracy but also superior perceptual quality on both synthetic and real-world datasets. Codes and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/csjliang/LDL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 46.Generalized Classification of Satellite Image Time Series with Thermal Positional Encoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09175.pdf)
>  Large-scale crop type classification is a task at the core of remote sensing efforts with applications of both economic and ecological importance. Current state-of-the-art deep learning methods are based on self-attention and use satellite image time series (SITS) to discriminate crop types based on their unique growth patterns. However, existing methods generalize poorly to regions not seen during training mainly due to not being robust to temporal shifts of the growing season caused by variations in climate. To this end, we propose Thermal Positional Encoding (TPE) for attention-based crop classifiers. Unlike previous positional encoding based on calendar time (e.g. day-of-year), TPE is based on thermal time, which is obtained by accumulating daily average temperatures over the growing season. Since crop growth is directly related to thermal time, but not calendar time, TPE addresses the temporal shifts between different regions to improve generalization. We propose multiple TPE strategies, including learnable methods, to further improve results compared to the common fixed positional encodings. We demonstrate our approach on a crop classification task across four different European regions, where we obtain state-of-the-art generalization results.      
### 47.UWED: Unsigned Distance Field for Accurate 3D Scene Representation and Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09167.pdf)
>  Scene Completion is the task of completing missing geometry from a partial scan of a scene. The majority of previous methods compute an implicit representation from range data using a Truncated Signed Distance Function (TSDF) on a 3D grid as input to neural networks. The truncation limits but does not remove the ambiguous cases introduced by the sign for non-closed surfaces. As an alternative, we present an Unsigned Distance Function (UDF) called Unsigned Weighted Euclidean Distance (UWED) as input to the scene completion neural networks. UWED is simple and efficient as a surface representation, and can be computed on any noisy point cloud without normals. To obtain the explicit geometry, we present a method for extracting a point cloud from discretized UDF values on a regular grid. We compare different SDFs and UDFs for the scene completion task on indoor and outdoor point clouds collected from RGB-D and LiDAR sensors and show improved completion using the proposed UWED function.      
### 48.Biasing Like Human: A Cognitive Bias Framework for Scene Graph Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09160.pdf)
>  Scene graph generation is a sophisticated task because there is no specific recognition pattern (e.g., "looking at" and "near" have no conspicuous difference concerning vision, whereas "near" could occur between entities with different morphology). Thus some scene graph generation methods are trapped into most frequent relation predictions caused by capricious visual features and trivial dataset annotations. Therefore, recent works emphasized the "unbiased" approaches to balance predictions for a more informative scene graph. However, human's quick and accurate judgments over relations between numerous objects should be attributed to "bias" (i.e., experience and linguistic knowledge) rather than pure vision. To enhance the model capability, inspired by the "cognitive bias" mechanism, we propose a novel 3-paradigms framework that simulates how humans incorporate the label linguistic features as guidance of vision-based representations to better mine hidden relation patterns and alleviate noisy visual propagation. Our framework is model-agnostic to any scene graph model. Comprehensive experiments prove our framework outperforms baseline modules in several metrics with minimum parameters increment and achieves new SOTA performance on Visual Genome dataset.      
### 49.Optimal Rejection Function Meets Character Recognition Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09151.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an optimal rejection method for rejecting ambiguous samples by a rejection function. This rejection function is trained together with a classification function under the framework of Learning-with-Rejection (LwR). The highlights of LwR are: (1) the rejection strategy is not heuristic but has a strong background from a machine learning theory, and (2) the rejection function can be trained on an arbitrary feature space which is different from the feature space for classification. The latter suggests we can choose a feature space that is more suitable for rejection. Although the past research on LwR focused only on its theoretical aspect, we propose to utilize LwR for practical pattern classification tasks. Moreover, we propose to use features from different CNN layers for classification and rejection. Our extensive experiments of notMNIST classification and character/non-character classification demonstrate that the proposed method achieves better performance than traditional rejection strategies.      
### 50.MuKEA: Multimodal Knowledge Extraction and Accumulation for Knowledge-based Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09138.pdf)
>  Knowledge-based visual question answering requires the ability of associating external knowledge for open-ended cross-modal scene understanding. One limitation of existing solutions is that they capture relevant knowledge from text-only knowledge bases, which merely contain facts expressed by first-order predicates or language descriptions while lacking complex but indispensable multimodal knowledge for visual understanding. How to construct vision-relevant and explainable multimodal knowledge for the VQA scenario has been less studied. In this paper, we propose MuKEA to represent multimodal knowledge by an explicit triplet to correlate visual objects and fact answers with implicit relations. To bridge the heterogeneous gap, we propose three objective losses to learn the triplet representations from complementary views: embedding structure, topological relation and semantic space. By adopting a pre-training and fine-tuning learning strategy, both basic and domain-specific multimodal knowledge are progressively accumulated for answer prediction. We outperform the state-of-the-art by 3.35% and 6.08% respectively on two challenging knowledge-required datasets: OK-VQA and KRVQA. Experimental results prove the complementary benefits of the multimodal knowledge with existing knowledge bases and the advantages of our end-to-end framework over the existing pipeline methods. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/AndersonStra/MuKEA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 51.Mutual Generative Transformer Learning for Cross-view Geo-localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09135.pdf)
>  Cross-view geo-localization (CVGL), which aims to estimate the geographical location of the ground-level camera by matching against enormous geo-tagged aerial (e.g., satellite) images, remains extremely challenging due to the drastic appearance differences across views. Existing methods mainly employ Siamese-like CNNs to extract global descriptors without examining the mutual benefits between the two modes. In this paper, we present a novel approach using cross-modal knowledge generative tactics in combination with transformer, namely mutual generative transformer learning (MGTL), for CVGL. Specifically, MGTL develops two separate generative modules--one for aerial-like knowledge generation from ground-level semantic information and vice versa--and fully exploits their mutual benefits through the attention mechanism. Experiments on challenging public benchmarks, CVACT and CVUSA, demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method compared to the existing state-of-the-art models.      
### 52.Are Vision Transformers Robust to Spurious Correlations?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09125.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks may be susceptible to learning spurious correlations that hold on average but not in atypical test samples. As with the recent emergence of vision transformer (ViT) models, it remains underexplored how spurious correlations are manifested in such architectures. In this paper, we systematically investigate the robustness of vision transformers to spurious correlations on three challenging benchmark datasets and compare their performance with popular CNNs. Our study reveals that when pre-trained on a sufficiently large dataset, ViT models are more robust to spurious correlations than CNNs. Key to their success is the ability to generalize better from the examples where spurious correlations do not hold. Further, we perform extensive ablations and experiments to understand the role of the self-attention mechanism in providing robustness under spuriously correlated environments. We hope that our work will inspire future research on further understanding the robustness of ViT models.      
### 53.Improving the Transferability of Targeted Adversarial Examples through Object-Based Diverse Input  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09123.pdf)
>  The transferability of adversarial examples allows the deception on black-box models, and transfer-based targeted attacks have attracted a lot of interest due to their practical applicability. To maximize the transfer success rate, adversarial examples should avoid overfitting to the source model, and image augmentation is one of the primary approaches for this. However, prior works utilize simple image transformations such as resizing, which limits input diversity. To tackle this limitation, we propose the object-based diverse input (ODI) method that draws an adversarial image on a 3D object and induces the rendered image to be classified as the target class. Our motivation comes from the humans' superior perception of an image printed on a 3D object. If the image is clear enough, humans can recognize the image content in a variety of viewing conditions. Likewise, if an adversarial example looks like the target class to the model, the model should also classify the rendered image of the 3D object as the target class. The ODI method effectively diversifies the input by leveraging an ensemble of multiple source objects and randomizing viewing conditions. In our experimental results on the ImageNet-Compatible dataset, this method boosts the average targeted attack success rate from 28.3% to 47.0% compared to the state-of-the-art methods. We also demonstrate the applicability of the ODI method to adversarial examples on the face verification task and its superior performance improvement. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dreamflake/ODI" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 54.DRAG: Dynamic Region-Aware GCN for Privacy-Leaking Image Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09121.pdf)
>  The daily practice of sharing images on social media raises a severe issue about privacy leakage. To address the issue, privacy-leaking image detection is studied recently, with the goal to automatically identify images that may leak privacy. Recent advance on this task benefits from focusing on crucial objects via pretrained object detectors and modeling their correlation. However, these methods have two limitations: 1) they neglect other important elements like scenes, textures, and objects beyond the capacity of pretrained object detectors; 2) the correlation among objects is fixed, but a fixed correlation is not appropriate for all the images. To overcome the limitations, we propose the Dynamic Region-Aware Graph Convolutional Network (DRAG) that dynamically finds out crucial regions including objects and other important elements, and models their correlation adaptively for each input image. To find out crucial regions, we cluster spatially-correlated feature channels into several region-aware feature maps. Further, we dynamically model the correlation with the self-attention mechanism and explore the interaction among the regions with a graph convolutional network. The DRAG achieved an accuracy of 87% on the largest dataset for privacy-leaking image detection, which is 10 percentage points higher than the state of the art. The further case study demonstrates that it found out crucial regions containing not only objects but other important elements like textures.      
### 55.MotionAug: Augmentation with Physical Correction for Human Motion Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09116.pdf)
>  This paper presents a motion data augmentation scheme incorporating motion synthesis encouraging diversity and motion correction imposing physical plausibility. This motion synthesis consists of our modified Variational AutoEncoder (VAE) and Inverse Kinematics (IK). In this VAE, our proposed sampling-near-samples method generates various valid motions even with insufficient training motion data. Our IK-based motion synthesis method allows us to generate a variety of motions semi-automatically. Since these two schemes generate unrealistic artifacts in the synthesized motions, our motion correction rectifies them. This motion correction scheme consists of imitation learning with physics simulation and subsequent motion debiasing. For this imitation learning, we propose the PD-residual force that significantly accelerates the training process. Furthermore, our motion debiasing successfully offsets the motion bias induced by imitation learning to maximize the effect of augmentation. As a result, our method outperforms previous noise-based motion augmentation methods by a large margin on both Recurrent Neural Network-based and Graph Convolutional Network-based human motion prediction models. The code is available at {\rm \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/meaten/MotionAug" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}}.      
### 56.Community-Driven Comprehensive Scientific Paper Summarization: Insight from cvpaper.challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09109.pdf)
>  The present paper introduces a group activity involving writing summaries of conference proceedings by volunteer participants. The rapid increase in scientific papers is a heavy burden for researchers, especially non-native speakers, who need to survey scientific literature. To alleviate this problem, we organized a group of non-native English speakers to write summaries of papers presented at a computer vision conference to share the knowledge of the papers read by the group. We summarized a total of 2,000 papers presented at the Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, a top-tier conference on computer vision, in 2019 and 2020. We quantitatively analyzed participants' selection regarding which papers they read among the many available papers. The experimental results suggest that we can summarize a wide range of papers without asking participants to read papers unrelated to their interests.      
### 57.Semantic-aligned Fusion Transformer for One-shot Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09093.pdf)
>  One-shot object detection aims at detecting novel objects according to merely one given instance. With extreme data scarcity, current approaches explore various feature fusions to obtain directly transferable meta-knowledge. Yet, their performances are often unsatisfactory. In this paper, we attribute this to inappropriate correlation methods that misalign query-support semantics by overlooking spatial structures and scale variances. Upon analysis, we leverage the attention mechanism and propose a simple but effective architecture named Semantic-aligned Fusion Transformer (SaFT) to resolve these issues. Specifically, we equip SaFT with a vertical fusion module (VFM) for cross-scale semantic enhancement and a horizontal fusion module (HFM) for cross-sample feature fusion. Together, they broaden the vision for each feature point from the support to a whole augmented feature pyramid from the query, facilitating semantic-aligned associations. Extensive experiments on multiple benchmarks demonstrate the superiority of our framework. Without fine-tuning on novel classes, it brings significant performance gains to one-stage baselines, lifting state-of-the-art results to a higher level.      
### 58.deepNIR: Datasets for generating synthetic NIR images and improved fruit detection system using deep learning techniques  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09091.pdf)
>  This paper presents datasets utilised for synthetic near-infrared (NIR) image generation and bounding-box level fruit detection systems. It is undeniable that high-calibre machine learning frameworks such as Tensorflow or Pytorch, and large-scale ImageNet or COCO datasets with the aid of accelerated GPU hardware have pushed the limit of machine learning techniques for more than decades. Among these breakthroughs, a high-quality dataset is one of the essential building blocks that can lead to success in model generalisation and the deployment of data-driven deep neural networks. In particular, synthetic data generation tasks often require more training samples than other supervised approaches. Therefore, in this paper, we share the NIR+RGB datasets that are re-processed from two public datasets (i.e., nirscene and SEN12MS) and our novel NIR+RGB sweet pepper(capsicum) dataset. We quantitatively and qualitatively demonstrate that these NIR+RGB datasets are sufficient to be used for synthetic NIR image generation. We achieved Frechet Inception Distance (FID) of 11.36, 26.53, and 40.15 for nirscene1, SEN12MS, and sweet pepper datasets respectively. In addition, we release manual annotations of 11 fruit bounding boxes that can be exported as various formats using cloud service. Four newly added fruits [blueberry, cherry, kiwi, and wheat] compound 11 novel bounding box datasets on top of our previous work presented in the deepFruits project [apple, avocado, capsicum, mango, orange, rockmelon, strawberry]. The total number of bounding box instances of the dataset is 162k and it is ready to use from cloud service. For the evaluation of the dataset, Yolov5 single stage detector is exploited and reported impressive mean-average-precision,mAP[0.5:0.95] results of[min:0.49, max:0.812]. We hope these datasets are useful and serve as a baseline for the future studies.      
### 59.Deep Point Cloud Simplification for High-quality Surface Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09088.pdf)
>  The growing size of point clouds enlarges consumptions of storage, transmission, and computation of 3D scenes. Raw data is redundant, noisy, and non-uniform. Therefore, simplifying point clouds for achieving compact, clean, and uniform points is becoming increasingly important for 3D vision and graphics tasks. Previous learning based methods aim to generate fewer points for scene understanding, regardless of the quality of surface reconstruction, leading to results with low reconstruction accuracy and bad point distribution. In this paper, we propose a novel point cloud simplification network (PCS-Net) dedicated to high-quality surface mesh reconstruction while maintaining geometric fidelity. We first learn a sampling matrix in a feature-aware simplification module to reduce the number of points. Then we propose a novel double-scale resampling module to refine the positions of the sampled points, to achieve a uniform distribution. To further retain important shape features, an adaptive sampling strategy with a novel saliency loss is designed. With our PCS-Net, the input non-uniform and noisy point cloud can be simplified in a feature-aware manner, i.e., points near salient features are consolidated but still with uniform distribution locally. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our method and show that we outperform previous simplification or reconstruction-oriented upsampling methods.      
### 60.UNIMO-2: End-to-End Unified Vision-Language Grounded Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09067.pdf)
>  Vision-Language Pre-training (VLP) has achieved impressive performance on various cross-modal downstream tasks. However, most existing methods can only learn from aligned image-caption data and rely heavily on expensive regional features, which greatly limits their scalability and performance. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end unified-modal pre-training framework, namely UNIMO-2, for joint learning on both aligned image-caption data and unaligned image-only and text-only corpus. We build a unified Transformer model to jointly learn visual representations, textual representations and semantic alignment between images and texts. In particular, we propose to conduct grounded learning on both images and texts via a sharing grounded space, which helps bridge unaligned images and texts, and align the visual and textual semantic spaces on different types of corpora. The experiments show that our grounded learning method can improve textual and visual semantic alignment for improving performance on various cross-modal tasks. Moreover, benefiting from effective joint modeling of different types of corpora, our model also achieves impressive performance on single-modal visual and textual tasks. Our code and models are public at the UNIMO project page <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://unimo-ptm.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 61.STPLS3D: A Large-Scale Synthetic and Real Aerial Photogrammetry 3D Point Cloud Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09065.pdf)
>  Although various 3D datasets with different functions and scales have been proposed recently, it remains challenging for individuals to complete the whole pipeline of large-scale data collection, sanitization, and annotation. Moreover, the created datasets usually suffer from extremely imbalanced class distribution or partial low-quality data samples. Motivated by this, we explore the procedurally synthetic 3D data generation paradigm to equip individuals with the full capability of creating large-scale annotated photogrammetry point clouds. Specifically, we introduce a synthetic aerial photogrammetry point clouds generation pipeline that takes full advantage of open geospatial data sources and off-the-shelf commercial packages. Unlike generating synthetic data in virtual games, where the simulated data usually have limited gaming environments created by artists, the proposed pipeline simulates the reconstruction process of the real environment by following the same UAV flight pattern on different synthetic terrain shapes and building densities, which ensure similar quality, noise pattern, and diversity with real data. In addition, the precise semantic and instance annotations can be generated fully automatically, avoiding the expensive and time-consuming manual annotation. Based on the proposed pipeline, we present a richly-annotated synthetic 3D aerial photogrammetry point cloud dataset, termed STPLS3D, with more than 16 $km^2$ of landscapes and up to 18 fine-grained semantic categories. For verification purposes, we also provide a parallel dataset collected from four areas in the real environment. Extensive experiments conducted on our datasets demonstrate the effectiveness and quality of the proposed synthetic dataset.      
### 62.Attribute Surrogates Learning and Spectral Tokens Pooling in Transformers for Few-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09064.pdf)
>  This paper presents new hierarchically cascaded transformers that can improve data efficiency through attribute surrogates learning and spectral tokens pooling. Vision transformers have recently been thought of as a promising alternative to convolutional neural networks for visual recognition. But when there is no sufficient data, it gets stuck in overfitting and shows inferior performance. To improve data efficiency, we propose hierarchically cascaded transformers that exploit intrinsic image structures through spectral tokens pooling and optimize the learnable parameters through latent attribute surrogates. The intrinsic image structure is utilized to reduce the ambiguity between foreground content and background noise by spectral tokens pooling. And the attribute surrogate learning scheme is designed to benefit from the rich visual information in image-label pairs instead of simple visual concepts assigned by their labels. Our Hierarchically Cascaded Transformers, called HCTransformers, is built upon a self-supervised learning framework DINO and is tested on several popular few-shot learning benchmarks. <br>In the inductive setting, HCTransformers surpass the DINO baseline by a large margin of 9.7% 5-way 1-shot accuracy and 9.17% 5-way 5-shot accuracy on miniImageNet, which demonstrates HCTransformers are efficient to extract discriminative features. Also, HCTransformers show clear advantages over SOTA few-shot classification methods in both 5-way 1-shot and 5-way 5-shot settings on four popular benchmark datasets, including miniImageNet, tieredImageNet, FC100, and CIFAR-FS. The trained weights and codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/StomachCold/HCTransformers" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 63.Robust Table Detection and Structure Recognition from Heterogeneous Document Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09056.pdf)
>  We introduce a new table detection and structure recognition approach named RobusTabNet to detect the boundaries of tables and reconstruct the cellular structure of the table from heterogeneous document images. For table detection, we propose to use CornerNet as a new region proposal network to generate higher quality table proposals for Faster R-CNN, which has significantly improved the localization accuracy of Faster R-CNN for table detection. Consequently, our table detection approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on three public table detection benchmarks, namely cTDaR TrackA, PubLayNet and IIIT-AR-13K, by only using a lightweight ResNet-18 backbone network. Furthermore, we propose a new split-and-merge based table structure recognition approach, in which a novel spatial CNN based separation line prediction module is proposed to split each detected table into a grid of cells, and a Grid CNN based cell merging module is applied to recover the spanning cells. As the spatial CNN module can effectively propagate contextual information across the whole table image, our table structure recognizer can robustly recognize tables with large blank spaces and geometrically distorted (even curved) tables. Thanks to these two techniques, our table structure recognition approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on three public benchmarks, including SciTSR, PubTabNet and cTDaR TrackB. Moreover, we have further demonstrated the advantages of our approach in recognizing tables with complex structures, large blank spaces, empty or spanning cells as well as geometrically distorted or even curved tables on a more challenging in-house dataset.      
### 64.DU-VLG: Unifying Vision-and-Language Generation via Dual Sequence-to-Sequence Pre-training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09052.pdf)
>  Due to the limitations of the model structure and pre-training objectives, existing vision-and-language generation models cannot utilize pair-wise images and text through bi-directional generation. In this paper, we propose DU-VLG, a framework which unifies vision-and-language generation as sequence generation problems. DU-VLG is trained with novel dual pre-training tasks: multi-modal denoising autoencoder tasks and modality translation tasks. To bridge the gap between image understanding and generation, we further design a novel commitment loss. We compare pre-training objectives on image captioning and text-to-image generation datasets. Results show that DU-VLG yields better performance than variants trained with uni-directional generation objectives or the variant without the commitment loss. We also obtain higher scores compared to previous state-of-the-art systems on three vision-and-language generation tasks. In addition, human judges further confirm that our model generates real and relevant images as well as faithful and informative captions.      
### 65.Latent Image Animator: Learning to Animate Images via Latent Space Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09043.pdf)
>  Due to the remarkable progress of deep generative models, animating images has become increasingly efficient, whereas associated results have become increasingly realistic. Current animation-approaches commonly exploit structure representation extracted from driving videos. Such structure representation is instrumental in transferring motion from driving videos to still images. However, such approaches fail in case the source image and driving video encompass large appearance variation. Moreover, the extraction of structure information requires additional modules that endow the animation-model with increased complexity. Deviating from such models, we here introduce the Latent Image Animator (LIA), a self-supervised autoencoder that evades need for structure representation. LIA is streamlined to animate images by linear navigation in the latent space. Specifically, motion in generated video is constructed by linear displacement of codes in the latent space. Towards this, we learn a set of orthogonal motion directions simultaneously, and use their linear combination, in order to represent any displacement in the latent space. Extensive quantitative and qualitative analysis suggests that our model systematically and significantly outperforms state-of-art methods on VoxCeleb, Taichi and TED-talk datasets w.r.t. generated quality.      
### 66.DATA: Domain-Aware and Task-Aware Pre-training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09041.pdf)
>  The paradigm of training models on massive data without label through self-supervised learning (SSL) and finetuning on many downstream tasks has become a trend recently. However, due to the high training costs and the unconsciousness of downstream usages, most self-supervised learning methods lack the capability to correspond to the diversities of downstream scenarios, as there are various data domains, different vision tasks and latency constraints on models. Neural architecture search (NAS) is one universally acknowledged fashion to conquer the issues above, but applying NAS on SSL seems impossible as there is no label or metric provided for judging model selection. In this paper, we present DATA, a simple yet effective NAS approach specialized for SSL that provides Domain-Aware and Task-Aware pre-training. Specifically, we (i) train a supernet which could be deemed as a set of millions of networks covering a wide range of model scales without any label, (ii) propose a flexible searching mechanism compatible with SSL that enables finding networks of different computation costs, for various downstream vision tasks and data domains without explicit metric provided. Instantiated With MoCo v2, our method achieves promising results across a wide range of computation costs on downstream tasks, including image classification, object detection and semantic segmentation. DATA is orthogonal to most existing SSL methods and endows them the ability of customization on downstream needs. Extensive experiments on other SSL methods demonstrate the generalizability of the proposed method. Code is released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/GAIA-vision/GAIA-ssl" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 67.An Active Contour Model with Local Variance Force Term and Its Efficient Minimization Solver for Multi-phase Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09036.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an active contour model with a local variance force (LVF) term that can be applied to multi-phase image segmentation problems. With the LVF, the proposed model is very effective in the segmentation of images with noise. To solve this model efficiently, we represent the regularization term by characteristic functions and then design a minimization algorithm based on a modification of the iterative convolution-thresholding method (ICTM), namely ICTM-LVF. This minimization algorithm enjoys the energy-decaying property under some conditions and has highly efficient performance in the segmentation. To overcome the initialization issue of active contour models, we generalize the inhomogeneous graph Laplacian initialization method (IGLIM) to the multi-phase case and then apply it to give the initial contour of the ICTM-LVF solver. Numerical experiments are conducted on synthetic images and real images to demonstrate the capability of our initialization method, and the effectiveness of the local variance force for noise robustness in the multi-phase image segmentation.      
### 68.HybridNets: End-to-End Perception Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09035.pdf)
>  End-to-end Network has become increasingly important in multi-tasking. One prominent example of this is the growing significance of a driving perception system in autonomous driving. This paper systematically studies an end-to-end perception network for multi-tasking and proposes several key optimizations to improve accuracy. First, the paper proposes efficient segmentation head and box/class prediction networks based on weighted bidirectional feature network. Second, the paper proposes automatically customized anchor for each level in the weighted bidirectional feature network. Third, the paper proposes an efficient training loss function and training strategy to balance and optimize network. Based on these optimizations, we have developed an end-to-end perception network to perform multi-tasking, including traffic object detection, drivable area segmentation and lane detection simultaneously, called HybridNets, which achieves better accuracy than prior art. In particular, HybridNets achieves 77.3 mean Average Precision on Berkeley DeepDrive Dataset, outperforms lane detection with 31.6 mean Intersection Over Union with 12.83 million parameters and 15.6 billion floating-point operations. In addition, it can perform visual perception tasks in real-time and thus is a practical and accurate solution to the multi-tasking problem. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/datvuthanh/HybridNets" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 69.Semantic-diversity transfer network for generalized zero-shot learning via inner disagreement based OOD detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09017.pdf)
>  Zero-shot learning (ZSL) aims to recognize objects from unseen classes, where the kernel problem is to transfer knowledge from seen classes to unseen classes by establishing appropriate mappings between visual and semantic features. The knowledge transfer in many existing works is limited mainly due to the facts that 1) the widely used visual features are global ones but not totally consistent with semantic attributes; 2) only one mapping is learned in existing works, which is not able to effectively model diverse visual-semantic relations; 3) the bias problem in the generalized ZSL (GZSL) could not be effectively handled. In this paper, we propose two techniques to alleviate these limitations. Firstly, we propose a Semantic-diversity transfer Network (SetNet) addressing the first two limitations, where 1) a multiple-attention architecture and a diversity regularizer are proposed to learn multiple local visual features that are more consistent with semantic attributes and 2) a projector ensemble that geometrically takes diverse local features as inputs is proposed to model visual-semantic relations from diverse local perspectives. Secondly, we propose an inner disagreement based domain detection module (ID3M) for GZSL to alleviate the third limitation, which picks out unseen-class data before class-level classification. Due to the absence of unseen-class data in training stage, ID3M employs a novel self-contained training scheme and detects out unseen-class data based on a designed inner disagreement criterion. Experimental results on three public datasets demonstrate that the proposed SetNet with the explored ID3M achieves a significant improvement against $30$ state-of-the-art methods.      
### 70.Extensive Threat Analysis of Vein Attack Databases and Attack Detection by Fusion of Comparison Scores  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08972.pdf)
>  The last decade has brought forward many great contributions regarding presentation attack detection for the domain of finger and hand vein biometrics. Among those contributions, one is able to find a variety of different attack databases that are either private or made publicly available to the research community. However, it is not always shown whether the used attack samples hold the capability to actually deceive a realistic vein recognition system. Inspired by previous works, this study provides a systematic threat evaluation including three publicly available finger vein attack databases and one private dorsal hand vein database. To do so, 14 distinct vein recognition schemes are confronted with attack samples and the percentage of wrongly accepted attack samples is then reported as the Impostor Attack Presentation Match Rate. As a second step, comparison scores from different recognition schemes are combined using score level fusion with the goal of performing presentation attack detection.      
### 71.3D-UCaps: 3D Capsules Unet for Volumetric Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08965.pdf)
>  Medical image segmentation has been so far achieving promising results with Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). However, it is arguable that in traditional CNNs, its pooling layer tends to discard important information such as positions. Moreover, CNNs are sensitive to rotation and affine transformation. Capsule network is a data-efficient network design proposed to overcome such limitations by replacing pooling layers with dynamic routing and convolutional strides, which aims to preserve the part-whole relationships. Capsule network has shown a great performance in image recognition and natural language processing, but applications for medical image segmentation, particularly volumetric image segmentation, has been limited. In this work, we propose 3D-UCaps, a 3D voxel-based Capsule network for medical volumetric image segmentation. We build the concept of capsules into a CNN by designing a network with two pathways: the first pathway is encoded by 3D Capsule blocks, whereas the second pathway is decoded by 3D CNNs blocks. 3D-UCaps, therefore inherits the merits from both Capsule network to preserve the spatial relationship and CNNs to learn visual representation. We conducted experiments on various datasets to demonstrate the robustness of 3D-UCaps including iSeg-2017, LUNA16, Hippocampus, and Cardiac, where our method outperforms previous Capsule networks and 3D-Unets.      
### 72.Point-Unet: A Context-aware Point-based Neural Network for Volumetric Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08964.pdf)
>  Medical image analysis using deep learning has recently been prevalent, showing great performance for various downstream tasks including medical image segmentation and its sibling, volumetric image segmentation. Particularly, a typical volumetric segmentation network strongly relies on a voxel grid representation which treats volumetric data as a stack of individual voxel `slices', which allows learning to segment a voxel grid to be as straightforward as extending existing image-based segmentation networks to the 3D domain. However, using a voxel grid representation requires a large memory footprint, expensive test-time and limiting the scalability of the solutions. In this paper, we propose Point-Unet, a novel method that incorporates the efficiency of deep learning with 3D point clouds into volumetric segmentation. Our key idea is to first predict the regions of interest in the volume by learning an attentional probability map, which is then used for sampling the volume into a sparse point cloud that is subsequently segmented using a point-based neural network. We have conducted the experiments on the medical volumetric segmentation task with both a small-scale dataset Pancreas and large-scale datasets BraTS18, BraTS19, and BraTS20 challenges. A comprehensive benchmark on different metrics has shown that our context-aware Point-Unet robustly outperforms the SOTA voxel-based networks at both accuracies, memory usage during training, and time consumption during testing. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VinAIResearch/Point-Unet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 73.ABN: Agent-Aware Boundary Networks for Temporal Action Proposal Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08942.pdf)
>  Temporal action proposal generation (TAPG) aims to estimate temporal intervals of actions in untrimmed videos, which is a challenging yet plays an important role in many tasks of video analysis and understanding. Despite the great achievement in TAPG, most existing works ignore the human perception of interaction between agents and the surrounding environment by applying a deep learning model as a black-box to the untrimmed videos to extract video visual representation. Therefore, it is beneficial and potentially improve the performance of TAPG if we can capture these interactions between agents and the environment. In this paper, we propose a novel framework named Agent-Aware Boundary Network (ABN), which consists of two sub-networks (i) an Agent-Aware Representation Network to obtain both agent-agent and agents-environment relationships in the video representation, and (ii) a Boundary Generation Network to estimate the confidence score of temporal intervals. In the Agent-Aware Representation Network, the interactions between agents are expressed through local pathway, which operates at a local level to focus on the motions of agents whereas the overall perception of the surroundings are expressed through global pathway, which operates at a global level to perceive the effects of agents-environment. Comprehensive evaluations on 20-action THUMOS-14 and 200-action ActivityNet-1.3 datasets with different backbone networks (i.e C3D, SlowFast and Two-Stream) show that our proposed ABN robustly outperforms state-of-the-art methods regardless of the employed backbone network on TAPG. We further examine the proposal quality by leveraging proposals generated by our method onto temporal action detection (TAD) frameworks and evaluate their detection performances. The source code can be found in this URL <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/vhvkhoa/TAPG-AgentEnvNetwork.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 74.Towards True Detail Restoration for Super-Resolution: A Benchmark and a Quality Metric  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08923.pdf)
>  Super-resolution (SR) has become a widely researched topic in recent years. SR methods can improve overall image and video quality and create new possibilities for further content analysis. But the SR mainstream focuses primarily on increasing the naturalness of the resulting image despite potentially losing context accuracy. Such methods may produce an incorrect digit, character, face, or other structural object even though they otherwise yield good visual quality. Incorrect detail restoration can cause errors when detecting and identifying objects both manually and automatically. To analyze the detail-restoration capabilities of image and video SR models, we developed a benchmark based on our own video dataset, which contains complex patterns that SR models generally fail to correctly restore. We assessed 32 recent SR models using our benchmark and compared their ability to preserve scene context. We also conducted a crowd-sourced comparison of restored details and developed an objective assessment metric that outperforms other quality metrics by correlation with subjective scores for this task. In conclusion, we provide a deep analysis of benchmark results that yields insights for future SR-based work.      
### 75.Hybrid Pixel-Unshuffled Network for Lightweight Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08921.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural network (CNN) has achieved great success on image super-resolution (SR). However, most deep CNN-based SR models take massive computations to obtain high performance. Downsampling features for multi-resolution fusion is an efficient and effective way to improve the performance of visual recognition. Still, it is counter-intuitive in the SR task, which needs to project a low-resolution input to high-resolution. In this paper, we propose a novel Hybrid Pixel-Unshuffled Network (HPUN) by introducing an efficient and effective downsampling module into the SR task. The network contains pixel-unshuffled downsampling and Self-Residual Depthwise Separable Convolutions. Specifically, we utilize pixel-unshuffle operation to downsample the input features and use grouped convolution to reduce the channels. Besides, we enhance the depthwise convolution's performance by adding the input feature to its output. Experiments on benchmark datasets show that our HPUN achieves and surpasses the state-of-the-art reconstruction performance with fewer parameters and computation costs.      
### 76.Automated Grading of Radiographic Knee Osteoarthritis Severity Combined with Joint Space Narrowing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08914.pdf)
>  The assessment of knee osteoarthritis (KOA) severity on knee X-rays is a central criteria for the use of total knee arthroplasty. However, this assessment suffers from imprecise standards and a remarkably high inter-reader variability. An algorithmic, automated assessment of KOA severity could improve overall outcomes of knee replacement procedures by increasing the appropriateness of its use. We propose a novel deep learning-based five-step algorithm to automatically grade KOA from posterior-anterior (PA) views of radiographs: (1) image preprocessing (2) localization of knees joints in the image using the YOLO v3-Tiny model, (3) initial assessment of the severity of osteoarthritis using a convolutional neural network-based classifier, (4) segmentation of the joints and calculation of the joint space narrowing (JSN), and (5), a combination of the JSN and the initial assessment to determine a final Kellgren-Lawrence (KL) score. Furthermore, by displaying the segmentation masks used to make the assessment, our algorithm demonstrates a higher degree of transparency compared to typical "black box" deep learning classifiers. We perform a comprehensive evaluation using two public datasets and one dataset from our institution, and show that our algorithm reaches state-of-the art performance. Moreover, we also collected ratings from multiple radiologists at our institution and showed that our algorithm performs at the radiologist level. <br>The software has been made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MaciejMazurowski/osteoarthritis-classification" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 77.Gate-Shift-Fuse for Video Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08897.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks are the de facto models for image recognition. However 3D CNNs, the straight forward extension of 2D CNNs for video recognition, have not achieved the same success on standard action recognition benchmarks. One of the main reasons for this reduced performance of 3D CNNs is the increased computational complexity requiring large scale annotated datasets to train them in scale. 3D kernel factorization approaches have been proposed to reduce the complexity of 3D CNNs. Existing kernel factorization approaches follow hand-designed and hard-wired techniques. In this paper we propose Gate-Shift-Fuse (GSF), a novel spatio-temporal feature extraction module which controls interactions in spatio-temporal decomposition and learns to adaptively route features through time and combine them in a data dependent manner. GSF leverages grouped spatial gating to decompose input tensor and channel weighting to fuse the decomposed tensors. GSF can be inserted into existing 2D CNNs to convert them into an efficient and high performing spatio-temporal feature extractor, with negligible parameter and compute overhead. We perform an extensive analysis of GSF using two popular 2D CNN families and achieve state-of-the-art or competitive performance on five standard action recognition benchmarks. Code and models will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/swathikirans/GSF" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 78.Sat-NeRF: Learning Multi-View Satellite Photogrammetry With Transient Objects and Shadow Modeling Using RPC Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08896.pdf)
>  We introduce the Satellite Neural Radiance Field (Sat-NeRF), a new end-to-end model for learning multi-view satellite photogrammetry in the wild. Sat-NeRF combines some of the latest trends in neural rendering with native satellite camera models, represented by rational polynomial coefficient (RPC) functions. The proposed method renders new views and infers surface models of similar quality to those obtained with traditional state-of-the-art stereo pipelines. Multi-date images exhibit significant changes in appearance, mainly due to varying shadows and transient objects (cars, vegetation). Robustness to these challenges is achieved by a shadow-aware irradiance model and uncertainty weighting to deal with transient phenomena that cannot be explained by the position of the sun. We evaluate Sat-NeRF using WorldView-3 images from different locations and stress the advantages of applying a bundle adjustment to the satellite camera models prior to training. This boosts the network performance and can optionally be used to extract additional cues for depth supervision.      
### 79.Hyperbolic Uncertainty Aware Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08881.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation (SS) aims to classify each pixel into one of the pre-defined classes. This task plays an important role in self-driving cars and autonomous drones. In SS, many works have shown that most misclassified pixels are commonly near object boundaries with high uncertainties. However, existing SS loss functions are not tailored to handle these uncertain pixels during training, as these pixels are usually treated equally as confidently classified pixels and cannot be embedded with arbitrary low distortion in Euclidean space, thereby degenerating the performance of SS. To overcome this problem, this paper designs a "Hyperbolic Uncertainty Loss" (HyperUL), which dynamically highlights the misclassified and high-uncertainty pixels in Hyperbolic space during training via the hyperbolic distances. The proposed HyperUL is model agnostic and can be easily applied to various neural architectures. After employing HyperUL to three recent SS models, the experimental results on Cityscapes and UAVid datasets reveal that the segmentation performance of existing SS models can be consistently improved.      
### 80.Layer Ensembles: A Single-Pass Uncertainty Estimation in Deep Learning for Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08878.pdf)
>  Uncertainty estimation in deep learning has become a leading research field in medical image analysis due to the need for safe utilisation of AI algorithms in clinical practice. Most approaches for uncertainty estimation require sampling the network weights multiple times during testing or training multiple networks. This leads to higher training and testing costs in terms of time and computational resources. In this paper, we propose Layer Ensembles, a novel uncertainty estimation method that uses a single network and requires only a single pass to estimate predictive uncertainty of a network. Moreover, we introduce an image-level uncertainty metric, which is more beneficial for segmentation tasks compared to the commonly used pixel-wise metrics such as entropy and variance. We evaluate our approach on 2D and 3D, binary and multi-class medical image segmentation tasks. Our method shows competitive results with state-of-the-art Deep Ensembles, requiring only a single network and a single pass.      
### 81.Understanding robustness and generalization of artificial neural networks through Fourier masks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08822.pdf)
>  Despite the enormous success of artificial neural networks (ANNs) in many disciplines, the characterization of their computations and the origin of key properties such as generalization and robustness remain open questions. Recent literature suggests that robust networks with good generalization properties tend to be biased towards processing low frequencies in images. To explore the frequency bias hypothesis further, we develop an algorithm that allows us to learn modulatory masks highlighting the essential input frequencies needed for preserving a trained network's performance. We achieve this by imposing invariance in the loss with respect to such modulations in the input frequencies. We first use our method to test the low-frequency preference hypothesis of adversarially trained or data-augmented networks. Our results suggest that adversarially robust networks indeed exhibit a low-frequency bias but we find this bias is also dependent on directions in frequency space. However, this is not necessarily true for other types of data augmentation. Our results also indicate that the essential frequencies in question are effectively the ones used to achieve generalization in the first place. Surprisingly, images seen through these modulatory masks are not recognizable and resemble texture-like patterns.      
### 82.On Multi-Domain Long-Tailed Recognition, Generalization and Beyond  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09513.pdf)
>  Real-world data often exhibit imbalanced label distributions. Existing studies on data imbalance focus on single-domain settings, i.e., samples are from the same data distribution. However, natural data can originate from distinct domains, where a minority class in one domain could have abundant instances from other domains. We formalize the task of Multi-Domain Long-Tailed Recognition (MDLT), which learns from multi-domain imbalanced data, addresses label imbalance, domain shift, and divergent label distributions across domains, and generalizes to all domain-class pairs. We first develop the domain-class transferability graph, and show that such transferability governs the success of learning in MDLT. We then propose BoDA, a theoretically grounded learning strategy that tracks the upper bound of transferability statistics, and ensures balanced alignment and calibration across imbalanced domain-class distributions. We curate five MDLT benchmarks based on widely-used multi-domain datasets, and compare BoDA to twenty algorithms that span different learning strategies. Extensive and rigorous experiments verify the superior performance of BoDA. Further, as a byproduct, BoDA establishes new state-of-the-art on Domain Generalization benchmarks, improving generalization to unseen domains. Code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/YyzHarry/multi-domain-imbalance" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 83.CaRTS: Causality-driven Robot Tool Segmentation from Vision and Kinematics Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09475.pdf)
>  Vision-based segmentation of the robotic tool during robot-assisted surgery enables downstream applications, such as augmented reality feedback, while allowing for inaccuracies in robot kinematics. With the introduction of deep learning, many methods were presented to solve instrument segmentation directly and solely from images. While these approaches made remarkable progress on benchmark datasets, fundamental challenges pertaining to their robustness remain. We present CaRTS, a causality-driven robot tool segmentation algorithm, that is designed based on a complementary causal model of the robot tool segmentation task. Rather than directly inferring segmentation masks from observed images, CaRTS iteratively aligns tool models with image observations by updating the initially incorrect robot kinematic parameters through forward kinematics and differentiable rendering to optimize image feature similarity end-to-end. We benchmark CaRTS with competing techniques on both synthetic as well as real data from the dVRK, generated in precisely controlled scenarios to allow for counterfactual synthesis. On training-domain test data, CaRTS achieves a Dice score of 93.4 that is preserved well (Dice score of 91.8) when tested on counterfactual altered test data, exhibiting low brightness, smoke, blood, and altered background patterns. This compares favorably to Dice scores of 95.0 and 62.8, respectively, of a purely image-based method trained and tested on the same data. Future work will involve accelerating CaRTS to achieve video framerate and estimating the impact occlusion has in practice. Despite these limitations, our results are promising: In addition to achieving high segmentation accuracy, CaRTS provides estimates of the true robot kinematics, which may benefit applications such as force estimation.      
### 84.Using the Order of Tomographic Slices as a Prior for Neural Networks Pre-Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09372.pdf)
>  The technical advances in Computed Tomography (CT) allow to obtain immense amounts of 3D data. For such datasets it is very costly and time-consuming to obtain the accurate 3D segmentation markup to train neural networks. The annotation is typically done for a limited number of 2D slices, followed by an interpolation. In this work, we propose a pre-training method SortingLoss. It performs pre-training on slices instead of volumes, so that a model could be fine-tuned on a sparse set of slices, without the interpolation step. Unlike general methods (e.g. SimCLR or Barlow Twins), the task specific methods (e.g. Transferable Visual Words) trade broad applicability for quality benefits by imposing stronger assumptions on the input data. We propose a relatively mild assumption -- if we take several slices along some axis of a volume, structure of the sample presented on those slices, should give a strong clue to reconstruct the correct order of those slices along the axis. Many biomedical datasets fulfill this requirement due to the specific anatomy of a sample and pre-defined alignment of the imaging setup. We examine the proposed method on two datasets: medical CT of lungs affected by COVID-19 disease, and high-resolution synchrotron-based full-body CT of model organisms (Medaka fish). We show that the proposed method performs on par with SimCLR, while working 2x faster and requiring 1.5x less memory. In addition, we present the benefits in terms of practical scenarios, especially the applicability to the pre-training of large models and the ability to localize samples within volumes in an unsupervised setup.      
### 85.POSTER: Diagnosis of COVID-19 through Transfer Learning Techniques on CT Scans: A Comparison of Deep Learning Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09348.pdf)
>  The novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) constitutes a public health emergency globally. It is a deadly disease which has infected more than 230 million people worldwide. Therefore, early and unswerving detection of COVID-19 is necessary. Evidence of this virus is most commonly being tested by RT-PCR test. This test is not 100% reliable as it is known to give false positives and false negatives. Other methods like X-Ray images or CT scans show the detailed imaging of lungs and have been proven more reliable. This paper compares different deep learning models used to detect COVID-19 through transfer learning technique on CT scan dataset. VGG-16 outperforms all the other models achieving an accuracy of 85.33% on the dataset.      
### 86.Finding Structural Knowledge in Multimodal-BERT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09306.pdf)
>  In this work, we investigate the knowledge learned in the embeddings of multimodal-BERT models. More specifically, we probe their capabilities of storing the grammatical structure of linguistic data and the structure learned over objects in visual data. To reach that goal, we first make the inherent structure of language and visuals explicit by a dependency parse of the sentences that describe the image and by the dependencies between the object regions in the image, respectively. We call this explicit visual structure the \textit{scene tree}, that is based on the dependency tree of the language description. Extensive probing experiments show that the multimodal-BERT models do not encode these scene trees.Code available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VSJMilewski/multimodal-probes" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 87.Progressive Subsampling for Oversampled Data -- Application to Quantitative MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09268.pdf)
>  We present PROSUB: PROgressive SUBsampling, a deep learning based, automated methodology that subsamples an oversampled data set (e.g. multi-channeled 3D images) with minimal loss of information. We build upon a recent dual-network approach that won the MICCAI MUlti-DIffusion (MUDI) quantitative MRI measurement sampling-reconstruction challenge, but suffers from deep learning training instability, by subsampling with a hard decision boundary. PROSUB uses the paradigm of recursive feature elimination (RFE) and progressively subsamples measurements during deep learning training, improving optimization stability. PROSUB also integrates a neural architecture search (NAS) paradigm, allowing the network architecture hyperparameters to respond to the subsampling process. We show PROSUB outperforms the winner of the MUDI MICCAI challenge, producing large improvements &gt;18% MSE on the MUDI challenge sub-tasks and qualitative improvements on downstream processes useful for clinical applications. We also show the benefits of incorporating NAS and analyze the effect of PROSUB's components. As our method generalizes to other problems beyond MRI measurement selection-reconstruction, our code is <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sbb-gh/PROSUB" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 88.Fine-tuning Global Model via Data-Free Knowledge Distillation for Non-IID Federated Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09249.pdf)
>  Federated Learning (FL) is an emerging distributed learning paradigm under privacy constraint. Data heterogeneity is one of the main challenges in FL, which results in slow convergence and degraded performance. Most existing approaches only tackle the heterogeneity challenge by restricting the local model update in client, ignoring the performance drop caused by direct global model aggregation. Instead, we propose a data-free knowledge distillation method to fine-tune the global model in the server (FedFTG), which relieves the issue of direct model aggregation. Concretely, FedFTG explores the input space of local models through a generator, and uses it to transfer the knowledge from local models to the global model. Besides, we propose a hard sample mining scheme to achieve effective knowledge distillation throughout the training. In addition, we develop customized label sampling and class-level ensemble to derive maximum utilization of knowledge, which implicitly mitigates the distribution discrepancy across clients. Extensive experiments show that our FedFTG significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art (SOTA) FL algorithms and can serve as a strong plugin for enhancing FedAvg, FedProx, FedDyn, and SCAFFOLD.      
### 89.Simulation-Driven Training of Vision Transformers Enabling Metal Segmentation in X-Ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09207.pdf)
>  In several image acquisition and processing steps of X-ray radiography, knowledge of the existence of metal implants and their exact position is highly beneficial (e.g. dose regulation, image contrast adjustment). Another application which would benefit from an accurate metal segmentation is cone beam computed tomography (CBCT) which is based on 2D X-ray projections. Due to the high attenuation of metals, severe artifacts occur in the 3D X-ray acquisitions. The metal segmentation in CBCT projections usually serves as a prerequisite for metal artifact avoidance and reduction algorithms. Since the generation of high quality clinical training is a constant challenge, this study proposes to generate simulated X-ray images based on CT data sets combined with self-designed computer aided design (CAD) implants and make use of convolutional neural network (CNN) and vision transformer (ViT) for metal segmentation. Model test is performed on accurately labeled X-ray test datasets obtained from specimen scans. The CNN encoder-based network like U-Net has limited performance on cadaver test data with an average dice score below 0.30, while the metal segmentation transformer with dual decoder (MST-DD) shows high robustness and generalization on the segmentation task, with an average dice score of 0.90. Our study indicates that the CAD model-based data generation has high flexibility and could be a way to overcome the problem of shortage in clinical data sampling and labelling. Furthermore, the MST-DD approach generates a more reliable neural network in case of training on simulated data.      
### 90.Novel Consistency Check For Fast Recursive Reconstruction Of Non-Regularly Sampled Video Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09200.pdf)
>  Quarter sampling is a novel sensor design that allows for an acquisition of higher resolution images without increasing the number of pixels. When being used for video data, one out of four pixels is measured in each frame. Effectively, this leads to a non-regular spatio-temporal sub-sampling. Compared to purely spatial or temporal sub-sampling, this allows for an increased reconstruction quality, as aliasing artifacts can be reduced. For the fast reconstruction of such sensor data with a fixed mask, recursive variant of frequency selective reconstruction (FSR) was proposed. Here, pixels measured in previous frames are projected into the current frame to support its reconstruction. In doing so, the motion between the frames is computed using template matching. Since some of the motion vectors may be erroneous, it is important to perform a proper consistency checking. In this paper, we propose faster consistency checking methods as well as a novel recursive FSR that uses the projected pixels different than in literature and can handle dynamic masks. Altogether, we are able to significantly increase the reconstruction quality by + 1.01 dB compared to the state-of-the-art recursive reconstruction method using a fixed mask. Compared to a single frame reconstruction, an average gain of about + 1.52 dB is achieved for dynamic masks. At the same time, the computational complexity of the consistency checks is reduced by a factor of 13 compared to the literature algorithm.      
### 91.An Interactive Explanatory AI System for Industrial Quality Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09181.pdf)
>  Machine learning based image classification algorithms, such as deep neural network approaches, will be increasingly employed in critical settings such as quality control in industry, where transparency and comprehensibility of decisions are crucial. Therefore, we aim to extend the defect detection task towards an interactive human-in-the-loop approach that allows us to integrate rich background knowledge and the inference of complex relationships going beyond traditional purely data-driven approaches. We propose an approach for an interactive support system for classifications in an industrial quality control setting that combines the advantages of both (explainable) knowledge-driven and data-driven machine learning methods, in particular inductive logic programming and convolutional neural networks, with human expertise and control. The resulting system can assist domain experts with decisions, provide transparent explanations for results, and integrate feedback from users; thus reducing workload for humans while both respecting their expertise and without removing their agency or accountability.      
### 92.A Novel End-To-End Network for Reconstruction of Non-Regularly Sampled Image Data Using Locally Fully Connected Layers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09180.pdf)
>  Quarter sampling and three-quarter sampling are novel sensor concepts that enable the acquisition of higher resolution images without increasing the number of pixels. This is achieved by non-regularly covering parts of each pixel of a low-resolution sensor such that only one quadrant or three quadrants of the sensor area of each pixel is sensitive to light. Combining a properly designed mask and a high-quality reconstruction algorithm, a higher image quality can be achieved than using a low-resolution sensor and subsequent upsampling. For the latter case, the image quality can be further enhanced using super resolution algorithms such as the very deep super resolution network (VDSR). In this paper, we propose a novel end-to-end neural network to reconstruct high resolution images from non-regularly sampled sensor data. The network is a concatenation of a locally fully connected reconstruction network (LFCR) and a standard VDSR network. Altogether, using a three-quarter sampling sensor with our novel neural network layout, the image quality in terms of PSNR for the Urban100 dataset can be increased by 2.96 dB compared to the state-of-the-art approach. Compared to a low-resolution sensor with VDSR, a gain of 1.11 dB is achieved.      
### 93.How Many Data Samples is an Additional Instruction Worth?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09161.pdf)
>  Recently introduced instruction-paradigm empowers non-expert users to leverage NLP resources by defining a new task in natural language. Instruction-tuned models have significantly outperformed multitask learning models (without instruction); however they are far from state of the art task specific models. Conventional approaches to improve model performance via creating large datasets with lots of task instances or architectural/training changes in model may not be feasible for non-expert users. However, they can write alternate instructions to represent an instruction task. Is Instruction-augumentation helpful? We augment a subset of tasks in the expanded version of NATURAL INSTRUCTIONS with additional instructions and find that these significantly improve model performance (up to 35%), especially in the low-data regime. Our results indicate that an additional instruction can be equivalent to ~200 data samples on average across tasks.      
### 94.Active Visuo-Haptic Object Shape Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09149.pdf)
>  Recent advancements in object shape completion have enabled impressive object reconstructions using only visual input. However, due to self-occlusion, the reconstructions have high uncertainty in the occluded object parts, which negatively impacts the performance of downstream robotic tasks such as grasping. In this work, we propose an active visuo-haptic shape completion method called Act-VH that actively computes where to touch the objects based on the reconstruction uncertainty. Act-VH reconstructs objects from point clouds and calculates the reconstruction uncertainty using IGR, a recent state-of-the-art implicit surface deep neural network. We experimentally evaluate the reconstruction accuracy of Act-VH against five baselines in simulation and in the real world. We also propose a new simulation environment for this purpose. The results show that Act-VH outperforms all baselines and that an uncertainty-driven haptic exploration policy leads to higher reconstruction accuracy than a random policy and a policy driven by Gaussian Process Implicit Surfaces. As a final experiment, we evaluate Act-VH and the best reconstruction baseline on grasping 10 novel objects. The results show that Act-VH reaches a significantly higher grasp success rate than the baseline on all objects. Together, this work opens up the door for using active visuo-haptic shape completion in more complex cluttered scenes.      
### 95.Global Convergence of MAML and Theory-Inspired Neural Architecture Search for Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09137.pdf)
>  Model-agnostic meta-learning (MAML) and its variants have become popular approaches for few-shot learning. However, due to the non-convexity of deep neural nets (DNNs) and the bi-level formulation of MAML, the theoretical properties of MAML with DNNs remain largely unknown. In this paper, we first prove that MAML with over-parameterized DNNs is guaranteed to converge to global optima at a linear rate. Our convergence analysis indicates that MAML with over-parameterized DNNs is equivalent to kernel regression with a novel class of kernels, which we name as Meta Neural Tangent Kernels (MetaNTK). Then, we propose MetaNTK-NAS, a new training-free neural architecture search (NAS) method for few-shot learning that uses MetaNTK to rank and select architectures. Empirically, we compare our MetaNTK-NAS with previous NAS methods on two popular few-shot learning benchmarks, miniImageNet, and tieredImageNet. We show that the performance of MetaNTK-NAS is comparable or better than the state-of-the-art NAS method designed for few-shot learning while enjoying more than 100x speedup. We believe the efficiency of MetaNTK-NAS makes itself more practical for many real-world tasks.      
### 96.Do We Really Need a Learnable Classifier at the End of Deep Neural Network?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09081.pdf)
>  Modern deep neural networks for classification usually jointly learn a backbone for representation and a linear classifier to output the logit of each class. A recent study has shown a phenomenon called neural collapse that the within-class means of features and the classifier vectors converge to the vertices of a simplex equiangular tight frame (ETF) at the terminal phase of training on a balanced dataset. Since the ETF geometric structure maximally separates the pair-wise angles of all classes in the classifier, it is natural to raise the question, why do we spend an effort to learn a classifier when we know its optimal geometric structure? In this paper, we study the potential of learning a neural network for classification with the classifier randomly initialized as an ETF and fixed during training. Our analytical work based on the layer-peeled model indicates that the feature learning with a fixed ETF classifier naturally leads to the neural collapse state even when the dataset is imbalanced among classes. We further show that in this case the cross entropy (CE) loss is not necessary and can be replaced by a simple squared loss that shares the same global optimality but enjoys a more accurate gradient and better convergence property. Our experimental results show that our method is able to achieve similar performances on image classification for balanced datasets, and bring significant improvements in the long-tailed and fine-grained classification tasks.      
### 97.Robustness through Cognitive Dissociation Mitigation in Contrastive Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08959.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a novel neural network training framework that increases model's adversarial robustness to adversarial attacks while maintaining high clean accuracy by combining contrastive learning (CL) with adversarial training (AT). We propose to improve model robustness to adversarial attacks by learning feature representations that are consistent under both data augmentations and adversarial perturbations. We leverage contrastive learning to improve adversarial robustness by considering an adversarial example as another positive example, and aim to maximize the similarity between random augmentations of data samples and their adversarial example, while constantly updating the classification head in order to avoid a cognitive dissociation between the classification head and the embedding space. This dissociation is caused by the fact that CL updates the network up to the embedding space, while freezing the classification head which is used to generate new positive adversarial examples. We validate our method, Contrastive Learning with Adversarial Features(CLAF), on the CIFAR-10 dataset on which it outperforms both robust accuracy and clean accuracy over alternative supervised and self-supervised adversarial learning methods.      
### 98.Meta-Learning of NAS for Few-shot Learning in Medical Image Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08951.pdf)
>  Deep learning methods have been successful in solving tasks in machine learning and have made breakthroughs in many sectors owing to their ability to automatically extract features from unstructured data. However, their performance relies on manual trial-and-error processes for selecting an appropriate network architecture, hyperparameters for training, and pre-/post-procedures. Even though it has been shown that network architecture plays a critical role in learning feature representation feature from data and the final performance, searching for the best network architecture is computationally intensive and heavily relies on researchers' experience. Automated machine learning (AutoML) and its advanced techniques i.e. Neural Architecture Search (NAS) have been promoted to address those limitations. Not only in general computer vision tasks, but NAS has also motivated various applications in multiple areas including medical imaging. In medical imaging, NAS has significant progress in improving the accuracy of image classification, segmentation, reconstruction, and more. However, NAS requires the availability of large annotated data, considerable computation resources, and pre-defined tasks. To address such limitations, meta-learning has been adopted in the scenarios of few-shot learning and multiple tasks. In this book chapter, we first present a brief review of NAS by discussing well-known approaches in search space, search strategy, and evaluation strategy. We then introduce various NAS approaches in medical imaging with different applications such as classification, segmentation, detection, reconstruction, etc. Meta-learning in NAS for few-shot learning and multiple tasks is then explained. Finally, we describe several open problems in NAS.      
### 99.CapsNet for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08948.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have been successful in solving tasks in computer vision including medical image segmentation due to their ability to automatically extract features from unstructured data. However, CNNs are sensitive to rotation and affine transformation and their success relies on huge-scale labeled datasets capturing various input variations. This network paradigm has posed challenges at scale because acquiring annotated data for medical segmentation is expensive, and strict privacy regulations. Furthermore, visual representation learning with CNNs has its own flaws, e.g., it is arguable that the pooling layer in traditional CNNs tends to discard positional information and CNNs tend to fail on input images that differ in orientations and sizes. Capsule network (CapsNet) is a recent new architecture that has achieved better robustness in representation learning by replacing pooling layers with dynamic routing and convolutional strides, which has shown potential results on popular tasks such as classification, recognition, segmentation, and natural language processing. Different from CNNs, which result in scalar outputs, CapsNet returns vector outputs, which aim to preserve the part-whole relationships. In this work, we first introduce the limitations of CNNs and fundamentals of CapsNet. We then provide recent developments of CapsNet for the task of medical image segmentation. We finally discuss various effective network architectures to implement a CapsNet for both 2D images and 3D volumetric medical image segmentation.      
### 100.Creating Multimedia Summaries Using Tweets and Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08931.pdf)
>  While popular televised events such as presidential debates or TV shows are airing, people provide commentary on them in real-time. In this paper, we propose a simple yet effective approach to combine social media commentary and videos to create a multimedia summary of televised events. Our approach identifies scenes from these events based on spikes of mentions of people involved in the event and automatically selects tweets and frames from the videos that occur during the time period of the spike that talk about and show the people being discussed.      
### 101.SC2: Supervised Compression for Split Computing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08875.pdf)
>  Split computing distributes the execution of a neural network (e.g., for a classification task) between a mobile device and a more powerful edge server. A simple alternative to splitting the network is to carry out the supervised task purely on the edge server while compressing and transmitting the full data, and most approaches have barely outperformed this baseline. This paper proposes a new approach for discretizing and entropy-coding intermediate feature activations to efficiently transmit them from the mobile device to the edge server. We show that a efficient splittable network architecture results from a three-way tradeoff between (a) minimizing the computation on the mobile device, (b) minimizing the size of the data to be transmitted, and (c) maximizing the model's prediction performance. We propose an architecture based on this tradeoff and train the splittable network and entropy model in a knowledge distillation framework. In an extensive set of experiments involving three vision tasks, three datasets, nine baselines, and more than 180 trained models, we show that our approach improves supervised rate-distortion tradeoffs while maintaining a considerably smaller encoder size. We also release sc2bench, an installable Python package, to encourage and facilitate future studies on supervised compression for split computing (SC2).      
### 102.A Real-Time Region Tracking Algorithm Tailored to Endoscopic Video with Open-Source Implementation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08858.pdf)
>  With a video data source, such as multispectral video acquired during administration of fluorescent tracers, extraction of time-resolved data typically requires the compensation of motion. While this can be done manually, which is arduous, or using off-the-shelf object tracking software, which often yields unsatisfactory performance, we present an algorithm which is simple and performant. Most importantly, we provide an open-source implementation, with an easy-to-use interface for researchers not inclined to write their own code, as well as Python modules that can be used programmatically.      
### 103.DePS: An improved deep learning model for de novo peptide sequencing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08820.pdf)
>  De novo peptide sequencing from mass spectrometry data is an important method for protein identification. Recently, various deep learning approaches were applied for de novo peptide sequencing and DeepNovoV2 is one of the represetative models. In this study, we proposed an enhanced model, DePS, which can improve the accuracy of de novo peptide sequencing even with missing signal peaks or large number of noisy peaks in tandem mass spectrometry data. It is showed that, for the same test set of DeepNovoV2, the DePS model achieved excellent results of 74.22%, 74.21% and 41.68% for amino acid recall, amino acid precision and peptide recall respectively. Furthermore, the results suggested that DePS outperforms DeepNovoV2 on the cross species dataset.      
### 104.Example Perplexity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08813.pdf)
>  Some examples are easier for humans to classify than others. The same should be true for deep neural networks (DNNs). We use the term example perplexity to refer to the level of difficulty of classifying an example. In this paper, we propose a method to measure the perplexity of an example and investigate what factors contribute to high example perplexity. The related codes and resources are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/vaynexie/Example-Perplexity" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 105.Self-Supervised Deep Learning to Enhance Breast Cancer Detection on Screening Mammography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08812.pdf)
>  A major limitation in applying deep learning to artificial intelligence (AI) systems is the scarcity of high-quality curated datasets. We investigate strong augmentation based self-supervised learning (SSL) techniques to address this problem. Using breast cancer detection as an example, we first identify a mammogram-specific transformation paradigm and then systematically compare four recent SSL methods representing a diversity of approaches. We develop a method to convert a pretrained model from making predictions on uniformly tiled patches to whole images, and an attention-based pooling method that improves the classification performance. We found that the best SSL model substantially outperformed the baseline supervised model. The best SSL model also improved the data efficiency of sample labeling by nearly 4-fold and was highly transferrable from one dataset to another. SSL represents a major breakthrough in computer vision and may help the AI for medical imaging field to shift away from supervised learning and dependency on scarce labels.      
### 106.Disparities in Dermatology AI Performance on a Diverse, Curated Clinical Image Set  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08807.pdf)
>  Access to dermatological care is a major issue, with an estimated 3 billion people lacking access to care globally. Artificial intelligence (AI) may aid in triaging skin diseases. However, most AI models have not been rigorously assessed on images of diverse skin tones or uncommon diseases. To ascertain potential biases in algorithm performance in this context, we curated the Diverse Dermatology Images (DDI) dataset-the first publicly available, expertly curated, and pathologically confirmed image dataset with diverse skin tones. Using this dataset of 656 images, we show that state-of-the-art dermatology AI models perform substantially worse on DDI, with receiver operator curve area under the curve (ROC-AUC) dropping by 27-36 percent compared to the models' original test results. All the models performed worse on dark skin tones and uncommon diseases, which are represented in the DDI dataset. Additionally, we find that dermatologists, who typically provide visual labels for AI training and test datasets, also perform worse on images of dark skin tones and uncommon diseases compared to ground truth biopsy annotations. Finally, fine-tuning AI models on the well-characterized and diverse DDI images closed the performance gap between light and dark skin tones. Moreover, algorithms fine-tuned on diverse skin tones outperformed dermatologists on identifying malignancy on images of dark skin tones. Our findings identify important weaknesses and biases in dermatology AI that need to be addressed to ensure reliable application to diverse patients and diseases.      
### 107.Active Exploration for Neural Global Illumination of Variable Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08272.pdf)
>  Neural rendering algorithms introduce a fundamentally new approach for photorealistic rendering, typically by learning a neural representation of illumination on large numbers of ground truth images. When training for a given variable scene, i.e., changing objects, materials, lights and viewpoint, the space D of possible training data instances quickly becomes unmanageable as the dimensions of variable parameters increase. We introduce a novel Active Exploration method using Markov Chain Monte Carlo, which explores D, generating samples (i.e., ground truth renderings) that best help training and interleaves training and on-the-fly sample data generation. We introduce a self-tuning sample reuse strategy to minimize the expensive step of rendering training samples. We apply our approach on a neural generator that learns to render novel scene instances given an explicit parameterization of the scene configuration. Our results show that Active Exploration trains our network much more efficiently than uniformly sampling, and together with our resolution enhancement approach, achieves better quality than uniform sampling at convergence. Our method allows interactive rendering of hard light transport paths (e.g., complex caustics) -- that require very high samples counts to be captured -- and provides dynamic scene navigation and manipulation, after training for 5-18 hours depending on required quality and variations.      
