# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 9 Mar 2022
### 1.A Simple Multi-Modality Transfer Learning Baseline for Sign Language Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04287.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a simple transfer learning baseline for sign language translation. Existing sign language datasets (e.g. PHOENIX-2014T, CSL-Daily) contain only about 10K-20K pairs of sign videos, gloss annotations and texts, which are an order of magnitude smaller than typical parallel data for training spoken language translation models. Data is thus a bottleneck for training effective sign language translation models. To mitigate this problem, we propose to progressively pretrain the model from general-domain datasets that include a large amount of external supervision to within-domain datasets. Concretely, we pretrain the sign-to-gloss visual network on the general domain of human actions and the within-domain of a sign-to-gloss dataset, and pretrain the gloss-to-text translation network on the general domain of a multilingual corpus and the within-domain of a gloss-to-text corpus. The joint model is fine-tuned with an additional module named the visual-language mapper that connects the two networks. This simple baseline surpasses the previous state-of-the-art results on two sign language translation benchmarks, demonstrating the effectiveness of transfer learning. With its simplicity and strong performance, this approach can serve as a solid baseline for future research.      
### 2.Proximal PanNet: A Model-Based Deep Network for Pansharpening  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04286.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning techniques have been extensively studied for pansharpening, which aims to generate a high resolution multispectral (HRMS) image by fusing a low resolution multispectral (LRMS) image with a high resolution panchromatic (PAN) image. However, existing deep learning-based pansharpening methods directly learn the mapping from LRMS and PAN to HRMS. These network architectures always lack sufficient interpretability, which limits further performance improvements. To alleviate this issue, we propose a novel deep network for pansharpening by combining the model-based methodology with the deep learning method. Firstly, we build an observation model for pansharpening using the convolutional sparse coding (CSC) technique and design a proximal gradient algorithm to solve this model. Secondly, we unfold the iterative algorithm into a deep network, dubbed as Proximal PanNet, by learning the proximal operators using convolutional neural networks. Finally, all the learnable modules can be automatically learned in an end-to-end manner. Experimental results on some benchmark datasets show that our network performs better than other advanced methods both quantitatively and qualitatively.      
### 3.Probabilistic Warp Consistency for Weakly-Supervised Semantic Correspondences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04279.pdf)
>  We propose Probabilistic Warp Consistency, a weakly-supervised learning objective for semantic matching. Our approach directly supervises the dense matching scores predicted by the network, encoded as a conditional probability distribution. We first construct an image triplet by applying a known warp to one of the images in a pair depicting different instances of the same object class. Our probabilistic learning objectives are then derived using the constraints arising from the resulting image triplet. We further account for occlusion and background clutter present in real image pairs by extending our probabilistic output space with a learnable unmatched state. To supervise it, we design an objective between image pairs depicting different object classes. We validate our method by applying it to four recent semantic matching architectures. Our weakly-supervised approach sets a new state-of-the-art on four challenging semantic matching benchmarks. Lastly, we demonstrate that our objective also brings substantial improvements in the strongly-supervised regime, when combined with keypoint annotations.      
### 4.Robust Multi-Task Learning and Online Refinement for Spacecraft Pose Estimation across Domain Gap  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04275.pdf)
>  This work presents Spacecraft Pose Network v2 (SPNv2), a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) for pose estimation of noncooperative spacecraft across domain gap. SPNv2 is a multi-scale, multi-task CNN which consists of a shared multi-scale feature encoder and multiple prediction heads that perform different tasks on a shared feature output. These tasks are all related to detection and pose estimation of a target spacecraft from an image, such as prediction of pre-defined satellite keypoints, direct pose regression, and binary segmentation of the satellite foreground. It is shown that by jointly training on different yet related tasks with extensive data augmentations on synthetic images only, the shared encoder learns features that are common across image domains that have fundamentally different visual characteristics compared to synthetic images. This work also introduces Online Domain Refinement (ODR) which refines the parameters of the normalization layers of SPNv2 on the target domain images online at deployment. Specifically, ODR performs self-supervised entropy minimization of the predicted satellite foreground, thereby improving the CNN's performance on the target domain images without their pose labels and with minimal computational efforts. The GitHub repository for SPNv2 will be made available in the near future.      
### 5.End-to-End Semi-Supervised Learning for Video Action Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04251.pdf)
>  In this work, we focus on semi-supervised learning for video action detection which utilizes both labeled as well as unlabeled data. We propose a simple end-to-end consistency based approach which effectively utilizes the unlabeled data. Video action detection requires both, action class prediction as well as a spatio-temporal localization of actions. Therefore, we investigate two types of constraints, classification consistency, and spatio-temporal consistency. The presence of predominant background and static regions in a video makes it challenging to utilize spatio-temporal consistency for action detection. To address this, we propose two novel regularization constraints for spatio-temporal consistency; 1) temporal coherency, and 2) gradient smoothness. Both these aspects exploit the temporal continuity of action in videos and are found to be effective for utilizing unlabeled videos for action detection. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach on two different action detection benchmark datasets, UCF101-24 and JHMDB-21. In addition, we also show the effectiveness of the proposed approach for video object segmentation on the Youtube-VOS dataset which demonstrates its generalization capability to other tasks. The proposed approach achieves competitive performance by using merely 20% of annotations on UCF101-24 when compared with recent fully supervised methods. On UCF101-24, it improves the score by +8.9% and +11% at 0.5 f-mAP and v-mAP respectively, compared to supervised approach.      
### 6.A Lightweight and Detector-free 3D Single Object Tracker on Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04232.pdf)
>  Recent works on 3D single object tracking treat the tracking as a target-specific 3D detection task, where an off-the-shelf 3D detector is commonly employed for tracking. However, it is non-trivial to perform accurate target-specific detection since the point cloud of objects in raw LiDAR scans is usually sparse and incomplete. In this paper, we address this issue by explicitly leveraging temporal motion cues and propose DMT, a Detector-free Motion prediction based 3D Tracking network that totally removes the usage of complicated 3D detectors, which is lighter, faster, and more accurate than previous trackers. Specifically, the motion prediction module is firstly introduced to estimate a potential target center of the current frame in a point-cloud free way. Then, an explicit voting module is proposed to directly regress the 3D box from the estimated target center. Extensive experiments on KITTI and NuScenes datasets demonstrate that our DMT, without applying any complicated 3D detectors, can still achieve better performance (~10% improvement on the NuScenes dataset) and faster tracking speed (i.e., 72 FPS) than state-of-the-art approaches. Our codes will be released publicly.      
### 7.Neural Face Identification in a 2D Wireframe Projection of a Manifold Object  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04229.pdf)
>  In computer-aided design (CAD) systems, 2D line drawings are commonly used to illustrate 3D object designs. To reconstruct the 3D models depicted by a single 2D line drawing, an important key is finding the edge loops in the line drawing which correspond to the actual faces of the 3D object. In this paper, we approach the classical problem of face identification from a novel data-driven point of view. We cast it as a sequence generation problem: starting from an arbitrary edge, we adopt a variant of the popular Transformer model to predict the edges associated with the same face in a natural order. This allows us to avoid searching the space of all possible edge loops with various hand-crafted rules and heuristics as most existing methods do, deal with challenging cases such as curved surfaces and nested edge loops, and leverage additional cues such as face types. We further discuss how possibly imperfect predictions can be used for 3D object reconstruction.      
### 8.Towards Universal Texture Synthesis by Combining Texton Broadcasting with Noise Injection in StyleGAN-2  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04221.pdf)
>  We present a new approach for universal texture synthesis by incorporating a multi-scale texton broadcasting module in the StyleGAN-2 framework. The texton broadcasting module introduces an inductive bias, enabling generation of broader range of textures, from those with regular structures to completely stochastic ones. To train and evaluate the proposed approach, we construct a comprehensive high-resolution dataset that captures the diversity of natural textures as well as stochastic variations within each perceptually uniform texture. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed approach yields significantly better quality textures than the state of the art. The ultimate goal of this work is a comprehensive understanding of texture space.      
### 9.Lightweight Monocular Depth Estimation through Guided Decoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04206.pdf)
>  We present a lightweight encoder-decoder archi- tecture for monocular depth estimation, specifically designed for embedded platforms. Our main contribution is the Guided Upsampling Block (GUB) for building the decoder of our model. Motivated by the concept of guided image filtering, GUB relies on the image to guide the decoder on upsampling the feature representation and the depth map reconstruction, achieving high resolution results with fine-grained details. Based on multiple GUBs, our model outperforms the related methods on the NYU Depth V2 dataset in terms of accuracy while delivering up to 35.1 fps on the NVIDIA Jetson Nano and up to 144.5 fps on the NVIDIA Xavier NX. Similarly, on the KITTI dataset, inference is possible with up to 23.7 fps on the Jetson Nano and 102.9 fps on the Xavier NX. Our code and models are made publicly available.      
### 10.AssistQ: Affordance-centric Question-driven Task Completion for Egocentric Assistant  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04203.pdf)
>  A long-standing goal of intelligent assistants such as AR glasses/robots has been to assist users in affordance-centric real-world scenarios, such as "how can I run the microwave for 1 minute?". However, there is still no clear task definition and suitable benchmarks. In this paper, we define a new task called Affordance-centric Question-driven Task Completion, where the AI assistant should learn from instructional videos and scripts to guide the user step-by-step. To support the task, we constructed AssistQ, a new dataset comprising 529 question-answer samples derived from 100 newly filmed first-person videos. Each question should be completed with multi-step guidances by inferring from visual details (e.g., buttons' position) and textural details (e.g., actions like press/turn). To address this unique task, we developed a Question-to-Actions (Q2A) model that significantly outperforms several baseline methods while still having large room for improvement. We expect our task and dataset to advance Egocentric AI Assistant's development. Our project page is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://showlab.github.io/assistq" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 11.MLSeg: Image and Video Segmentation as Multi-Label Classification and Selected-Label Pixel Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04187.pdf)
>  For a long period of time, research studies on segmentation have typically formulated the task as pixel classification that predicts a class for each pixel from a set of predefined, fixed number of semantic categories. Yet standard architectures following this formulation will inevitably encounter various challenges under more realistic settings where the total number of semantic categories scales up (e.g., beyond $1\rm{k}$ classes). On the other hand, a standard image or video usually contains only a small number of semantic categories from the entire label set. Motivated by this intuition, in this paper, we propose to decompose segmentation into two sub-problems: (i) image-level or video-level multi-label classification and (ii) pixel-level selected-label classification. Given an input image or video, our framework first conducts multi-label classification over the large complete label set and selects a small set of labels according to the class confidence scores. Then the follow-up pixel-wise classification is only performed among the selected subset of labels. Our approach is conceptually general and can be applied to various existing segmentation frameworks by simply adding a lightweight multi-label classification branch. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our framework with competitive experimental results across four tasks including image semantic segmentation, image panoptic segmentation, video instance segmentation, and video semantic segmentation. Especially, with our MLSeg, Mask$2$Former gains +$0.8\%$/+$0.7\%$/+$0.7\%$ on ADE$20$K panoptic segmentation/YouTubeVIS $2019$ video instance segmentation/VSPW video semantic segmentation benchmarks respectively. Code will be available at:<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/openseg-group/MLSeg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 12.Selective-Supervised Contrastive Learning with Noisy Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04181.pdf)
>  Deep networks have strong capacities of embedding data into latent representations and finishing following tasks. However, the capacities largely come from high-quality annotated labels, which are expensive to collect. Noisy labels are more affordable, but result in corrupted representations, leading to poor generalization performance. To learn robust representations and handle noisy labels, we propose selective-supervised contrastive learning (Sel-CL) in this paper. Specifically, Sel-CL extend supervised contrastive learning (Sup-CL), which is powerful in representation learning, but is degraded when there are noisy labels. Sel-CL tackles the direct cause of the problem of Sup-CL. That is, as Sup-CL works in a \textit{pair-wise} manner, noisy pairs built by noisy labels mislead representation learning. To alleviate the issue, we select confident pairs out of noisy ones for Sup-CL without knowing noise rates. In the selection process, by measuring the agreement between learned representations and given labels, we first identify confident examples that are exploited to build confident pairs. Then, the representation similarity distribution in the built confident pairs is exploited to identify more confident pairs out of noisy pairs. All obtained confident pairs are finally used for Sup-CL to enhance representations. Experiments on multiple noisy datasets demonstrate the robustness of the learned representations by our method, following the state-of-the-art performance. Source codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ShikunLi/Sel-CL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 13.Robust Local Preserving and Global Aligning Network for Adversarial Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04156.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) requires source domain samples with clean ground truth labels during training. Accurately labeling a large number of source domain samples is time-consuming and laborious. An alternative is to utilize samples with noisy labels for training. However, training with noisy labels can greatly reduce the performance of UDA. In this paper, we address the problem that learning UDA models only with access to noisy labels and propose a novel method called robust local preserving and global aligning network (RLPGA). RLPGA improves the robustness of the label noise from two aspects. One is learning a classifier by a robust informative-theoretic-based loss function. The other is constructing two adjacency weight matrices and two negative weight matrices by the proposed local preserving module to preserve the local topology structures of input data. We conduct theoretical analysis on the robustness of the proposed RLPGA and prove that the robust informative-theoretic-based loss and the local preserving module are beneficial to reduce the empirical risk of the target domain. A series of empirical studies show the effectiveness of our proposed RLPGA.      
### 14.Easy Ensemble: Simple Deep Ensemble Learning for Sensor-Based Human Activity Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04153.pdf)
>  Sensor-based human activity recognition (HAR) is a paramount technology in the Internet of Things services. HAR using representation learning, which automatically learns a feature representation from raw data, is the mainstream method because it is difficult to interpret relevant information from raw sensor data to design meaningful features. Ensemble learning is a robust approach to improve generalization performance; however, deep ensemble learning requires various procedures, such as data partitioning and training multiple models, which are time-consuming and computationally expensive. In this study, we propose Easy Ensemble (EE) for HAR, which enables the easy implementation of deep ensemble learning in a single model. In addition, we propose input masking as a method for diversifying the input for EE. Experiments on a benchmark dataset for HAR demonstrated the effectiveness of EE and input masking and their characteristics compared with conventional ensemble learning methods.      
### 15.Motron: Multimodal Probabilistic Human Motion Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04132.pdf)
>  Autonomous systems and humans are increasingly sharing the same space. Robots work side by side or even hand in hand with humans to balance each other's limitations. Such cooperative interactions are ever more sophisticated. Thus, the ability to reason not just about a human's center of gravity position, but also its granular motion is an important prerequisite for human-robot interaction. Though, many algorithms ignore the multimodal nature of humans or neglect uncertainty in their motion forecasts. We present Motron, a multimodal, probabilistic, graph-structured model, that captures human's multimodality using probabilistic methods while being able to output deterministic motions and corresponding confidence values for each mode. Our model aims to be tightly integrated with the robotic planning-control-interaction loop; outputting physically feasible human motions and being computationally efficient. We demonstrate the performance of our model on several challenging real-world motion forecasting datasets, outperforming a wide array of generative methods while providing state-of-the-art deterministic motions if required. Both using significantly less computational power than state-of-the art algorithms.      
### 16.NeReF: Neural Refractive Field for Fluid Surface Reconstruction and Implicit Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04130.pdf)
>  Existing neural reconstruction schemes such as Neural Radiance Field (NeRF) are largely focused on modeling opaque objects. We present a novel neural refractive field(NeReF) to recover wavefront of transparent fluids by simultaneously estimating the surface position and normal of the fluid front. Unlike prior arts that treat the reconstruction target as a single layer of the surface, NeReF is specifically formulated to recover a volumetric normal field with its corresponding density field. A query ray will be refracted by NeReF according to its accumulated refractive point and normal, and we employ the correspondences and uniqueness of refracted ray for NeReF optimization. We show NeReF, as a global optimization scheme, can more robustly tackle refraction distortions detrimental to traditional methods for correspondence matching. Furthermore, the continuous NeReF representation of wavefront enables view synthesis as well as normal integration. We validate our approach on both synthetic and real data and show it is particularly suitable for sparse multi-view acquisition. We hence build a small light field array and experiment on various surface shapes to demonstrate high fidelity NeReF reconstruction.      
### 17.YouTube-GDD: A challenging gun detection dataset with rich contextual information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04129.pdf)
>  An automatic gun detection system can detect potential gun-related violence at an early stage that is of paramount importance for citizens security. In the whole system, object detection algorithm is the key to perceive the environment so that the system can detect dangerous objects such as pistols and rifles. However, mainstream deep learning-based object detection algorithms depend heavily on large-scale high-quality annotated samples, and the existing gun datasets are characterized by low resolution, little contextual information and little data volume. To promote the development of security, this work presents a new challenging dataset called YouTube Gun Detection Dataset (YouTube-GDD). Our dataset is collected from 343 high-definition YouTube videos and contains 5000 well-chosen images, in which 16064 instances of gun and 9046 instances of person are annotated. Compared to other datasets, YouTube-GDD is "dynamic", containing rich contextual information and recording shape changes of the gun during shooting. To build a baseline for gun detection, we evaluate YOLOv5 on YouTube-GDD and analyze the influence of additional related annotated information on gun detection. YouTube-GDD and subsequent updates will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/UCAS-GYX/YouTube-GDD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.Few Shot Generative Model Adaption via Relaxed Spatial Structural Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04121.pdf)
>  Training a generative adversarial network (GAN) with limited data has been a challenging task. A feasible solution is to start with a GAN well-trained on a large scale source domain and adapt it to the target domain with a few samples, termed as few shot generative model adaption. However, existing methods are prone to model overfitting and collapse in extremely few shot setting (less than 10). To solve this problem, we propose a relaxed spatial structural alignment method to calibrate the target generative models during the adaption. We design a cross-domain spatial structural consistency loss comprising the self-correlation and disturbance correlation consistency loss. It helps align the spatial structural information between the synthesis image pairs of the source and target domains. To relax the cross-domain alignment, we compress the original latent space of generative models to a subspace. Image pairs generated from the subspace are pulled closer. Qualitative and quantitative experiments show that our method consistently surpasses the state-of-the-art methods in few shot setting.      
### 19.Quantification of Occlusion Handling Capability of a 3D Human Pose Estimation Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04113.pdf)
>  3D human pose estimation using monocular images is an important yet challenging task. Existing 3D pose detection methods exhibit excellent performance under normal conditions however their performance may degrade due to occlusion. Recently some occlusion aware methods have also been proposed, however, the occlusion handling capability of these networks has not yet been thoroughly investigated. In the current work, we propose an occlusion-guided 3D human pose estimation framework and quantify its occlusion handling capability by using different protocols. The proposed method estimates more accurate 3D human poses using 2D skeletons with missing joints as input. Missing joints are handled by introducing occlusion guidance that provides extra information about the absence or presence of a joint. Temporal information has also been exploited to better estimate the missing joints. A large number of experiments are performed for the quantification of occlusion handling capability of the proposed method on three publicly available datasets in various settings including random missing joints, fixed body parts missing, and complete frames missing, using mean per joint position error criterion. In addition to that, the quality of the predicted 3D poses is also evaluated using action classification performance as a criterion. 3D poses estimated by the proposed method achieved significantly improved action recognition performance in the presence of missing joints. Our experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework for handling the missing joints as well as quantification of the occlusion handling capability of the deep neural networks.      
### 20.Explaining Classifiers by Constructing Familiar Concepts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04109.pdf)
>  Interpreting a large number of neurons in deep learning is difficult. Our proposed `CLAssifier-DECoder' architecture (ClaDec) facilitates the understanding of the output of an arbitrary layer of neurons or subsets thereof. It uses a decoder that transforms the incomprehensible representation of the given neurons to a representation that is more similar to the domain a human is familiar with. In an image recognition problem, one can recognize what information (or concepts) a layer maintains by contrasting reconstructed images of ClaDec with those of a conventional auto-encoder(AE) serving as reference. An extension of ClaDec allows trading comprehensibility and fidelity. We evaluate our approach for image classification using convolutional neural networks. We show that reconstructed visualizations using encodings from a classifier capture more relevant classification information than conventional AEs. This holds although AEs contain more information on the original input. Our user study highlights that even non-experts can identify a diverse set of concepts contained in images that are relevant (or irrelevant) for the classifier. We also compare against saliency based methods that focus on pixel relevance rather than concepts. We show that ClaDec tends to highlight more relevant input areas to classification though outcomes depend on classifier architecture. Code is at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JohnTailor/ClaDec" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 21.Contrastive Enhancement Using Latent Prototype for Few-Shot Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04095.pdf)
>  Few-shot segmentation enables the model to recognize unseen classes with few annotated examples. Most existing methods adopt prototype learning architecture, where support prototype vectors are expanded and concatenated with query features to perform conditional segmentation. However, such framework potentially focuses more on query features while may neglect the similarity between support and query features. This paper proposes a contrastive enhancement approach using latent prototypes to leverage latent classes and raise the utilization of similarity information between prototype and query features. Specifically, a latent prototype sampling module is proposed to generate pseudo-mask and novel prototypes based on features similarity. The module conveniently conducts end-to-end learning and has no strong dependence on clustering numbers like cluster-based method. Besides, a contrastive enhancement module is developed to drive models to provide different predictions with the same query features. Our method can be used as an auxiliary module to flexibly integrate into other baselines for a better segmentation performance. Extensive experiments show our approach remarkably improves the performance of state-of-the-art methods for 1-shot and 5-shot segmentation, especially outperforming baseline by 5.9% and 7.3% for 5-shot task on Pascal-5^i and COCO-20^i. Source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhaoxiaoyu1995/CELP-Pytorch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 22.Semantic Distillation Guided Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04076.pdf)
>  Most existing CNN-based salient object detection methods can identify local segmentation details like hair and animal fur, but often misinterpret the real saliency due to the lack of global contextual information caused by the subjectiveness of the SOD task and the locality of convolution layers. Moreover, due to the unrealistically expensive labeling costs, the current existing SOD datasets are insufficient to cover the real data distribution. The limitation and bias of the training data add additional difficulty to fully exploring the semantic association between object-to-object and object-to-environment in a given image. In this paper, we propose a semantic distillation guided SOD (SDG-SOD) method that produces accurate results by fusing semantically distilled knowledge from generated image captioning into the Vision-Transformer-based SOD framework. SDG-SOD can better uncover inter-objects and object-to-environment saliency and cover the gap between the subjective nature of SOD and its expensive labeling. Comprehensive experiments on five benchmark datasets demonstrate that the SDG-SOD outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches on four evaluation metrics, and largely improves the model performance on DUTS, ECSSD, DUT, HKU-IS, and PASCAL-S datasets.      
### 23.E2EC: An End-to-End Contour-based Method for High-Quality High-Speed Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04074.pdf)
>  Contour-based instance segmentation methods have developed rapidly recently but feature rough and hand-crafted front-end contour initialization, which restricts the model performance, and an empirical and fixed backend predicted-label vertex pairing, which contributes to the learning difficulty. In this paper, we introduce a novel contour-based method, named E2EC, for high-quality instance segmentation. Firstly, E2EC applies a novel learnable contour initialization architecture instead of hand-crafted contour initialization. This consists of a contour initialization module for constructing more explicit learning goals and a global contour deformation module for taking advantage of all of the vertices' features better. Secondly, we propose a novel label sampling scheme, named multi-direction alignment, to reduce the learning difficulty. Thirdly, to improve the quality of the boundary details, we dynamically match the most appropriate predicted-ground truth vertex pairs and propose the corresponding loss function named dynamic matching loss. The experiments showed that E2EC can achieve a state-of-the-art performance on the KITTI INStance (KINS) dataset, the Semantic Boundaries Dataset (SBD), the Cityscapes and the COCO dataset. E2EC is also efficient for use in real-time applications, with an inference speed of 36 fps for 512*512 images on an NVIDIA A6000 GPU. Code will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhang-tao-whu/e2ec" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 24.Lane Detection with Versatile AtrousFormer and Local Semantic Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04067.pdf)
>  Lane detection is one of the core functions in autonomous driving and has aroused widespread attention recently. The networks to segment lane instances, especially with bad appearance, must be able to explore lane distribution properties. Most existing methods tend to resort to CNN-based techniques. A few have a try on incorporating the recent adorable, the seq2seq Transformer \cite{transformer}. However, their innate drawbacks of weak global information collection ability and exorbitant computation overhead prohibit a wide range of the further applications. In this work, we propose Atrous Transformer (AtrousFormer) to solve the problem. Its variant local AtrousFormer is interleaved into feature extractor to enhance extraction. Their collecting information first by rows and then by columns in a dedicated manner finally equips our network with stronger information gleaning ability and better computation efficiency. To further improve the performance, we also propose a local semantic guided decoder to delineate the identities and shapes of lanes more accurately, in which the predicted Gaussian map of the starting point of each lane serves to guide the process. Extensive results on three challenging benchmarks (CULane, TuSimple, and BDD100K) show that our network performs favorably against the state of the arts.      
### 25.Counting with Adaptive Auxiliary Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04061.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an adaptive auxiliary task learning based approach for object counting problems. Unlike existing auxiliary task learning based methods, we develop an attention-enhanced adaptively shared backbone network to enable both task-shared and task-tailored features learning in an end-to-end manner. The network seamlessly combines standard Convolution Neural Network (CNN) and Graph Convolution Network (GCN) for feature extraction and feature reasoning among different domains of tasks. Our approach gains enriched contextual information by iteratively and hierarchically fusing the features across different task branches of the adaptive CNN backbone. The whole framework pays special attention to the objects' spatial locations and varied density levels, informed by object (or crowd) segmentation and density level segmentation auxiliary tasks. In particular, thanks to the proposed dilated contrastive density loss function, our network benefits from individual and regional context supervision in terms of pixel-independent and pixel-dependent feature learning mechanisms, along with strengthened robustness. Experiments on seven challenging multi-domain datasets demonstrate that our method achieves superior performance to the state-of-the-art auxiliary task learning based counting methods. Our code is made publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/smallmax00/Counting_With_Adaptive_Auxiliary" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 26.BEVSegFormer: Bird's Eye View Semantic Segmentation From Arbitrary Camera Rigs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04050.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation in bird's eye view (BEV) is an important task for autonomous driving. Though this task has attracted a large amount of research efforts, it is still challenging to flexibly cope with arbitrary (single or multiple) camera sensors equipped on the autonomous vehicle. In this paper, we present BEVSegFormer, an effective transformer-based method for BEV semantic segmentation from arbitrary camera rigs. Specifically, our method first encodes image features from arbitrary cameras with a shared backbone. These image features are then enhanced by a deformable transformer-based encoder. Moreover, we introduce a BEV transformer decoder module to parse BEV semantic segmentation results. An efficient multi-camera deformable attention unit is designed to carry out the BEV-to-image view transformation. Finally, the queries are reshaped according the layout of grids in the BEV, and upsampled to produce the semantic segmentation result in a supervised manner. We evaluate the proposed algorithm on the public nuScenes dataset and a self-collected dataset. Experimental results show that our method achieves promising performance on BEV semantic segmentation from arbitrary camera rigs. We also demonstrate the effectiveness of each component via ablation study.      
### 27.Graph Attention Transformer Network for Multi-Label Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04049.pdf)
>  Multi-label classification aims to recognize multiple objects or attributes from images. However, it is challenging to learn from proper label graphs to effectively characterize such inter-label correlations or dependencies. Current methods often use the co-occurrence probability of labels based on the training set as the adjacency matrix to model this correlation, which is greatly limited by the dataset and affects the model's generalization ability. In this paper, we propose a Graph Attention Transformer Network (GATN), a general framework for multi-label image classification that can effectively mine complex inter-label relationships. First, we use the cosine similarity based on the label word embedding as the initial correlation matrix, which can represent rich semantic information. Subsequently, we design the graph attention transformer layer to transfer this adjacency matrix to adapt to the current domain. Our extensive experiments have demonstrated that our proposed methods can achieve state-of-the-art performance on three datasets.      
### 28.Shape-invariant 3D Adversarial Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04041.pdf)
>  Adversary and invisibility are two fundamental but conflict characters of adversarial perturbations. Previous adversarial attacks on 3D point cloud recognition have often been criticized for their noticeable point outliers, since they just involve an "implicit constrain" like global distance loss in the time-consuming optimization to limit the generated noise. While point cloud is a highly structured data format, it is hard to metric and constrain its perturbation with a simple loss properly. In this paper, we propose a novel Point-Cloud Sensitivity Map to boost both the efficiency and imperceptibility of point perturbations. This map reveals the vulnerability of point cloud recognition models when encountering shape-invariant adversarial noises. These noises are designed along the shape surface with an "explicit constrain" instead of extra distance loss. Specifically, we first apply a reversible coordinate transformation on each point of the point cloud input, to reduce one degree of point freedom and limit its movement on the tangent plane. Then we calculate the best attacking direction with the gradients of the transformed point cloud obtained on the white-box model. Finally we assign each point with a non-negative score to construct the sensitivity map, which benefits both white-box adversarial invisibility and black-box query-efficiency extended in our work. Extensive evaluations prove that our method can achieve the superior performance on various point cloud recognition models, with its satisfying adversarial imperceptibility and strong resistance to different point cloud defense settings. Our code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/shikiw/SI-Adv" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.Gait Recognition with Mask-based Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04038.pdf)
>  Most gait recognition methods exploit spatial-temporal representations from static appearances and dynamic walking patterns. However, we observe that many part-based methods neglect representations at boundaries. In addition, the phenomenon of overfitting on training data is relatively common in gait recognition, which is perhaps due to insufficient data and low-informative gait silhouettes. Motivated by these observations, we propose a novel mask-based regularization method named ReverseMask. By injecting perturbation on the feature map, the proposed regularization method helps convolutional architecture learn the discriminative representations and enhances generalization. Also, we design an Inception-like ReverseMask Block, which has three branches composed of a global branch, a feature dropping branch, and a feature scaling branch. Precisely, the dropping branch can extract fine-grained representations when partial activations are zero-outed. Meanwhile, the scaling branch randomly scales the feature map, keeping structural information of activations and preventing overfitting. The plug-and-play Inception-like ReverseMask block is simple and effective to generalize networks, and it also improves the performance of many state-of-the-art methods. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the ReverseMask regularization help baseline achieves higher accuracy and better generalization. Moreover, the baseline with Inception-like Block significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods on the two most popular datasets, CASIA-B and OUMVLP. The source code will be released.      
### 30.Deep Multi-Branch Aggregation Network for Real-Time Semantic Segmentation in Street Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04037.pdf)
>  Real-time semantic segmentation, which aims to achieve high segmentation accuracy at real-time inference speed, has received substantial attention over the past few years. However, many state-of-the-art real-time semantic segmentation methods tend to sacrifice some spatial details or contextual information for fast inference, thus leading to degradation in segmentation quality. In this paper, we propose a novel Deep Multi-branch Aggregation Network (called DMA-Net) based on the encoder-decoder structure to perform real-time semantic segmentation in street scenes. Specifically, we first adopt ResNet-18 as the encoder to efficiently generate various levels of feature maps from different stages of convolutions. Then, we develop a Multi-branch Aggregation Network (MAN) as the decoder to effectively aggregate different levels of feature maps and capture the multi-scale information. In MAN, a lattice enhanced residual block is designed to enhance feature representations of the network by taking advantage of the lattice structure. Meanwhile, a feature transformation block is introduced to explicitly transform the feature map from the neighboring branch before feature aggregation. Moreover, a global context block is used to exploit the global contextual information. These key components are tightly combined and jointly optimized in a unified network. Extensive experimental results on the challenging Cityscapes and CamVid datasets demonstrate that our proposed DMA-Net respectively obtains 77.0% and 73.6% mean Intersection over Union (mIoU) at the inference speed of 46.7 FPS and 119.8 FPS by only using a single NVIDIA GTX 1080Ti GPU. This shows that DMA-Net provides a good tradeoff between segmentation quality and speed for semantic segmentation in street scenes.      
### 31.StyleHEAT: One-Shot High-Resolution Editable Talking Face Generation via Pretrained StyleGAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04036.pdf)
>  One-shot talking face generation aims at synthesizing a high-quality talking face video from an arbitrary portrait image, driven by a video or an audio segment. One challenging quality factor is the resolution of the output video: higher resolution conveys more details. In this work, we investigate the latent feature space of a pre-trained StyleGAN and discover some excellent spatial transformation properties. Upon the observation, we explore the possibility of using a pre-trained StyleGAN to break through the resolution limit of training datasets. We propose a novel unified framework based on a pre-trained StyleGAN that enables a set of powerful functionalities, i.e., high-resolution video generation, disentangled control by driving video or audio, and flexible face editing. Our framework elevates the resolution of the synthesized talking face to 1024*1024 for the first time, even though the training dataset has a lower resolution. We design a video-based motion generation module and an audio-based one, which can be plugged into the framework either individually or jointly to drive the video generation. The predicted motion is used to transform the latent features of StyleGAN for visual animation. To compensate for the transformation distortion, we propose a calibration network as well as a domain loss to refine the features. Moreover, our framework allows two types of facial editing, i.e., global editing via GAN inversion and intuitive editing based on 3D morphable models. Comprehensive experiments show superior video quality, flexible controllability, and editability over state-of-the-art methods.      
### 32.Stage-Aware Feature Alignment Network for Real-Time Semantic Segmentation of Street Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04031.pdf)
>  Over the past few years, deep convolutional neural network-based methods have made great progress in semantic segmentation of street scenes. Some recent methods align feature maps to alleviate the semantic gap between them and achieve high segmentation accuracy. However, they usually adopt the feature alignment modules with the same network configuration in the decoder and thus ignore the different roles of stages of the decoder during feature aggregation, leading to a complex decoder structure. Such a manner greatly affects the inference speed. In this paper, we present a novel Stage-aware Feature Alignment Network (SFANet) based on the encoder-decoder structure for real-time semantic segmentation of street scenes. Specifically, a Stage-aware Feature Alignment module (SFA) is proposed to align and aggregate two adjacent levels of feature maps effectively. In the SFA, by taking into account the unique role of each stage in the decoder, a novel stage-aware Feature Enhancement Block (FEB) is designed to enhance spatial details and contextual information of feature maps from the encoder. In this way, we are able to address the misalignment problem with a very simple and efficient multi-branch decoder structure. Moreover, an auxiliary training strategy is developed to explicitly alleviate the multi-scale object problem without bringing additional computational costs during the inference phase. Experimental results show that the proposed SFANet exhibits a good balance between accuracy and speed for real-time semantic segmentation of street scenes. In particular, based on ResNet-18, SFANet respectively obtains 78.1% and 74.7% mean of class-wise Intersection-over-Union (mIoU) at inference speeds of 37 FPS and 96 FPS on the challenging Cityscapes and CamVid test datasets by using only a single GTX 1080Ti GPU.      
### 33.Evolutionary Neural Cascade Search across Supernetworks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04011.pdf)
>  To achieve excellent performance with modern neural networks, having the right network architecture is important. Neural Architecture Search (NAS) concerns the automatic discovery of task-specific network architectures. Modern NAS approaches leverage supernetworks whose subnetworks encode candidate neural network architectures. These subnetworks can be trained simultaneously, removing the need to train each network from scratch, thereby increasing the efficiency of NAS. A recent method called Neural Architecture Transfer (NAT) further improves the efficiency of NAS for computer vision tasks by using a multi-objective evolutionary algorithm to find high-quality subnetworks of a supernetwork pretrained on ImageNet. Building upon NAT, we introduce ENCAS - Evolutionary Neural Cascade Search. ENCAS can be used to search over multiple pretrained supernetworks to achieve a trade-off front of cascades of different neural network architectures, maximizing accuracy while minimizing FLOPS count. We test ENCAS on common computer vision benchmarks (CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, ImageNet) and achieve Pareto dominance over previous state-of-the-art NAS models up to 1.5 GFLOPS. Additionally, applying ENCAS to a pool of 518 publicly available ImageNet classifiers leads to Pareto dominance in all computation regimes and to increasing the maximum accuracy from 88.6% to 89.0%, accompanied by an 18\% decrease in computation effort from 362 to 296 GFLOPS. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/AwesomeLemon/ENCAS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 34.DuMLP-Pin: A Dual-MLP-dot-product Permutation-invariant Network for Set Feature Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04007.pdf)
>  Existing permutation-invariant methods can be divided into two categories according to the aggregation scope, i.e. global aggregation and local one. Although the global aggregation methods, e. g., PointNet and Deep Sets, get involved in simpler structures, their performance is poorer than the local aggregation ones like PointNet++ and Point Transformer. It remains an open problem whether there exists a global aggregation method with a simple structure, competitive performance, and even much fewer parameters. In this paper, we propose a novel global aggregation permutation-invariant network based on dual MLP dot-product, called DuMLP-Pin, which is capable of being employed to extract features for set inputs, including unordered or unstructured pixel, attribute, and point cloud data sets. We strictly prove that any permutation-invariant function implemented by DuMLP-Pin can be decomposed into two or more permutation-equivariant ones in a dot-product way as the cardinality of the given input set is greater than a threshold. We also show that the DuMLP-Pin can be viewed as Deep Sets with strong constraints under certain conditions. The performance of DuMLP-Pin is evaluated on several different tasks with diverse data sets. The experimental results demonstrate that our DuMLP-Pin achieves the best results on the two classification problems for pixel sets and attribute sets. On both the point cloud classification and the part segmentation, the accuracy of DuMLP-Pin is very close to the so-far best-performing local aggregation method with only a 1-2% difference, while the number of required parameters is significantly reduced by more than 85% in classification and 69% in segmentation, respectively. The code is publicly available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JaronTHU/DuMLP-Pin" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 35.Visual-Language Navigation Pretraining via Prompt-based Environmental Self-exploration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04006.pdf)
>  Vision-language navigation (VLN) is a challenging task due to its large searching space in the environment. To address this problem, previous works have proposed some methods of fine-tuning a large model that pretrained on large-scale datasets. However, the conventional fine-tuning methods require extra human-labeled navigation data and lack self-exploration capabilities in environments, which hinders their generalization of unseen scenes. To improve the ability of fast cross-domain adaptation, we propose Prompt-based Environmental Self-exploration (ProbES), which can self-explore the environments by sampling trajectories and automatically generates structured instructions via a large-scale cross-modal pretrained model (CLIP). Our method fully utilizes the knowledge learned from CLIP to build an in-domain dataset by self-exploration without human labeling. Unlike the conventional approach of fine-tuning, we introduce prompt-based learning to achieve fast adaptation for language embeddings, which substantially improves the learning efficiency by leveraging prior knowledge. By automatically synthesizing trajectory-instruction pairs in any environment without human supervision and efficient prompt-based learning, our model can adapt to diverse vision-language navigation tasks, including VLN and REVERIE. Both qualitative and quantitative results show that our ProbES significantly improves the generalization ability of the navigation model.      
### 36.DeltaCNN: End-to-End CNN Inference of Sparse Frame Differences in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03996.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural network inference on video data requires powerful hardware for real-time processing. Given the inherent coherence across consecutive frames, large parts of a video typically change little. By skipping identical image regions and truncating insignificant pixel updates, computational redundancy can in theory be reduced significantly. However, these theoretical savings have been difficult to translate into practice, as sparse updates hamper computational consistency and memory access coherence; which are key for efficiency on real hardware. With DeltaCNN, we present a sparse convolutional neural network framework that enables sparse frame-by-frame updates to accelerate video inference in practice. We provide sparse implementations for all typical CNN layers and propagate sparse feature updates end-to-end - without accumulating errors over time. DeltaCNN is applicable to all convolutional neural networks without retraining. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to significantly outperform the dense reference, cuDNN, in practical settings, achieving speedups of up to 7x with only marginal differences in accuracy.      
### 37.Skating-Mixer: Multimodal MLP for Scoring Figure Skating  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03990.pdf)
>  Figure skating scoring is a challenging task because it requires judging players' technical moves as well as coordination with the background music. Prior learning-based work cannot solve it well for two reasons: 1) each move in figure skating changes quickly, hence simply applying traditional frame sampling will lose a lot of valuable information, especially in a 3-5 minutes lasting video, so an extremely long-range representation learning is necessary; 2) prior methods rarely considered the critical audio-visual relationship in their models. Thus, we introduce a multimodal MLP architecture, named Skating-Mixer. It extends the MLP-Mixer-based framework into a multimodal fashion and effectively learns long-term representations through our designed memory recurrent unit (MRU). Aside from the model, we also collected a high-quality audio-visual FS1000 dataset, which contains over 1000 videos on 8 types of programs with 7 different rating metrics, overtaking other datasets in both quantity and diversity. Experiments show the proposed method outperforms SOTAs over all major metrics on the public Fis-V and our FS1000 dataset. In addition, we include an analysis applying our method to recent competitions that occurred in Beijing 2022 Winter Olympic Games, proving our method has strong robustness.      
### 38.SimpleTrack: Rethinking and Improving the JDE Approach for Multi-Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03985.pdf)
>  Joint detection and embedding (JDE) based methods usually estimate bounding boxes and embedding features of objects with a single network in Multi-Object Tracking (MOT). In the tracking stage, JDE-based methods fuse the target motion information and appearance information by applying the same rule, which could fail when the target is briefly lost or blocked. To overcome this problem, we propose a new association matrix, the Embedding and Giou matrix, which combines embedding cosine distance and Giou distance of objects. To further improve the performance of data association, we develop a simple, effective tracker named SimpleTrack, which designs a bottom-up fusion method for Re-identity and proposes a new tracking strategy based on our EG matrix. The experimental results indicate that SimpleTrack has powerful data association capability, e.g., 61.6 HOTA and 76.3 IDF1 on MOT17. In addition, we apply the EG matrix to 5 different state-of-the-art JDE-based methods and achieve significant improvements in IDF1, HOTA and IDsw metrics, and increase the tracking speed of these methods by about 20%.      
### 39.Attention-Based Lip Audio-Visual Synthesis for Talking Face Generation in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03984.pdf)
>  Talking face generation with great practical significance has attracted more attention in recent audio-visual studies. How to achieve accurate lip synchronization is a long-standing challenge to be further investigated. Motivated by xxx, in this paper, an AttnWav2Lip model is proposed by incorporating spatial attention module and channel attention module into lip-syncing strategy. Rather than focusing on the unimportant regions of the face image, the proposed AttnWav2Lip model is able to pay more attention on the lip region reconstruction. To our limited knowledge, this is the first attempt to introduce attention mechanism to the scheme of talking face generation. An extensive experiments have been conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed model. Compared to the baseline measured by LSE-D and LSE-C metrics, a superior performance has been demonstrated on the benchmark lip synthesis datasets, including LRW, LRS2 and LRS3.      
### 40.End-to-end Multiple Instance Learning with Gradient Accumulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03981.pdf)
>  Being able to learn on weakly labeled data, and provide interpretability, are two of the main reasons why attention-based deep multiple instance learning (ABMIL) methods have become particularly popular for classification of histopathological images. Such image data usually come in the form of gigapixel-sized whole-slide-images (WSI) that are cropped into smaller patches (instances). However, the sheer size of the data makes training of ABMIL models challenging. All the instances from one WSI cannot be processed at once by conventional GPUs. Existing solutions compromise training by relying on pre-trained models, strategic sampling or selection of instances, or self-supervised learning. We propose a training strategy based on gradient accumulation that enables direct end-to-end training of ABMIL models without being limited by GPU memory. We conduct experiments on both QMNIST and Imagenette to investigate the performance and training time, and compare with the conventional memory-expensive baseline and a recent sampled-based approach. This memory-efficient approach, although slower, reaches performance indistinguishable from the memory-expensive baseline.      
### 41.GaitEdge: Beyond Plain End-to-end Gait Recognition for Better Practicality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03972.pdf)
>  Gait is one of the most promising biometrics to identify individuals at a long distance. Although most previous methods have focused on recognizing the silhouettes, several end-to-end methods that extract gait features directly from RGB images perform better. However, we argue that these end-to-end methods inevitably suffer from the gait-unrelated noises, i.e., low-level texture and colorful information. Experimentally, we design both the cross-domain evaluation and visualization to stand for this view. In this work, we propose a novel end-to-end framework named GaitEdge which can effectively block gait-unrelated information and release end-to-end training potential. Specifically, GaitEdge synthesizes the output of the pedestrian segmentation network and then feeds it to the subsequent recognition network, where the synthetic silhouettes consist of trainable edges of bodies and fixed interiors to limit the information that the recognition network receives. Besides, GaitAlign for aligning silhouettes is embedded into the GaitEdge without loss of differentiability. Experimental results on CASIA-B and our newly built TTG-200 indicate that GaitEdge significantly outperforms the previous methods and provides a more practical end-to-end paradigm for blocking RGB noises effectively. All the source code will be released.      
### 42.Universal Prototype Transport for Zero-Shot Action Recognition and Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03971.pdf)
>  This work addresses the problem of recognizing action categories in videos for which no training examples are available. The current state-of-the-art enables such a zero-shot recognition by learning universal mappings from videos to a shared semantic space, either trained on large-scale seen actions or on objects. While effective, we find that universal action and object mappings are biased to their seen categories. Such biases are further amplified due to biases between seen and unseen categories in the semantic space. The compounding biases result in many unseen action categories simply never being selected during inference, hampering zero-shot progress. We seek to address this limitation and introduce universal prototype transport for zero-shot action recognition. The main idea is to re-position the semantic prototypes of unseen actions through transduction, i.e. by using the distribution of the unlabelled test set. For universal action models, we first seek to find a hyperspherical optimal transport mapping from unseen action prototypes to the set of all projected test videos. We then define a target prototype for each unseen action as the weighted Frchet mean over the transport couplings. Equipped with a target prototype, we propose to re-position unseen action prototypes along the geodesic spanned by the original and target prototypes, acting as a form of semantic regularization. For universal object models, we outline a variant that defines target prototypes based on an optimal transport between unseen action prototypes and semantic object prototypes. Empirically, we show that universal prototype transport diminishes the biased selection of unseen action prototypes and boosts both universal action and object models, resulting in state-of-the-art performance for zero-shot classification and spatio-temporal localization.      
### 43.GaitStrip: Gait Recognition via Effective Strip-based Feature Representations and Multi-Level Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03966.pdf)
>  Many gait recognition methods first partition the human gait into N-parts and then combine them to establish part-based feature representations. Their gait recognition performance is often affected by partitioning strategies, which are empirically chosen in different datasets. However, we observe that strips as the basic component of parts are agnostic against different partitioning strategies. Motivated by this observation, we present a strip-based multi-level gait recognition network, named GaitStrip, to extract comprehensive gait information at different levels. To be specific, our high-level branch explores the context of gait sequences and our low-level one focuses on detailed posture changes. We introduce a novel StriP-Based feature extractor (SPB) to learn the strip-based feature representations by directly taking each strip of the human body as the basic unit. Moreover, we propose a novel multi-branch structure, called Enhanced Convolution Module (ECM), to extract different representations of gaits. ECM consists of the Spatial-Temporal feature extractor (ST), the Frame-Level feature extractor (FL) and SPB, and has two obvious advantages: First, each branch focuses on a specific representation, which can be used to improve the robustness of the network. Specifically, ST aims to extract spatial-temporal features of gait sequences, while FL is used to generate the feature representation of each frame. Second, the parameters of the ECM can be reduced in test by introducing a structural re-parameterization technique. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that our GaitStrip achieves state-of-the-art performance in both normal walking and complex conditions.      
### 44.Generative Cooperative Learning for Unsupervised Video Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03962.pdf)
>  Video anomaly detection is well investigated in weakly-supervised and one-class classification (OCC) settings. However, unsupervised video anomaly detection methods are quite sparse, likely because anomalies are less frequent in occurrence and usually not well-defined, which when coupled with the absence of ground truth supervision, could adversely affect the performance of the learning algorithms. This problem is challenging yet rewarding as it can completely eradicate the costs of obtaining laborious annotations and enable such systems to be deployed without human intervention. To this end, we propose a novel unsupervised Generative Cooperative Learning (GCL) approach for video anomaly detection that exploits the low frequency of anomalies towards building a cross-supervision between a generator and a discriminator. In essence, both networks get trained in a cooperative fashion, thereby allowing unsupervised learning. We conduct extensive experiments on two large-scale video anomaly detection datasets, UCF crime, and ShanghaiTech. Consistent improvement over the existing state-of-the-art unsupervised and OCC methods corroborate the effectiveness of our approach.      
### 45.EdgeFormer: Improving Light-weight ConvNets by Learning from Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03952.pdf)
>  Recently, vision transformers started to show impressive results which outperform large convolution based models significantly. However, in the area of small models for mobile or resource constrained devices, ConvNet still has its own advantages in both performance and model complexity. We propose EdgeFormer, a pure ConvNet based backbone model that further strengthens these advantages by fusing the merits of vision transformers into ConvNets. Specifically, we propose global circular convolution (GCC) with position embeddings, a light-weight convolution op which boasts a global receptive field while producing location sensitive features as in local convolutions. We combine the GCCs and squeeze-exictation ops to form a meta-former like model block, which further has the attention mechanism like transformers. The aforementioned block can be used in plug-and-play manner to replace relevant blocks in ConvNets or transformers. Experiment results show that the proposed EdgeFormer achieves better performance than popular light-weight ConvNets and vision transformer based models in common vision tasks and datasets, while having fewer parameters and faster inference speed. For classification on ImageNet-1k, EdgeFormer achieves 78.6% top-1 accuracy with about 5.0 million parameters, saving 11% parameters and 13% computational cost but gaining 0.2% higher accuracy and 23% faster inference speed (on ARM based Rockchip RK3288) compared with MobileViT, and uses only 0.5 times parameters but gaining 2.7% accuracy compared with DeIT. On MS-COCO object detection and PASCAL VOC segmentation tasks, EdgeFormer also shows better performance.      
### 46.Efficient and Accurate Hyperspectral Pansharpening Using 3D VolumeNet and 2.5D Texture Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03951.pdf)
>  Recently, convolutional neural networks (CNN) have obtained promising results in single-image SR for hyperspectral pansharpening. However, enhancing CNNs' representation ability with fewer parameters and a shorter prediction time is a challenging and critical task. In this paper, we propose a novel multi-spectral image fusion method using a combination of the previously proposed 3D CNN model VolumeNet and 2.5D texture transfer method using other modality high resolution (HR) images. Since a multi-spectral (MS) image consists of several bands and each band is a 2D image slice, MS images can be seen as 3D data. Thus, we use the previously proposed VolumeNet to fuse HR panchromatic (PAN) images and bicubic interpolated MS images. Because the proposed 3D VolumeNet can effectively improve the accuracy by expanding the receptive field of the model, and due to its lightweight structure, we can achieve better performance against the existing method without purchasing a large number of remote sensing images for training. In addition, VolumeNet can restore the high-frequency information lost in the HR MR image as much as possible, reducing the difficulty of feature extraction in the following step: 2.5D texture transfer. As one of the latest technologies, deep learning-based texture transfer has been demonstrated to effectively and efficiently improve the visual performance and quality evaluation indicators of image reconstruction. Different from the texture transfer processing of RGB image, we use HR PAN images as the reference images and perform texture transfer for each frequency band of MS images, which is named 2.5D texture transfer. The experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms the existing methods in terms of objective accuracy assessment, method efficiency, and visual subjective evaluation.      
### 47.RC-MVSNet: Unsupervised Multi-View Stereo with Neural Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03949.pdf)
>  Finding accurate correspondences among different views is the Achilles' heel of unsupervised Multi-View Stereo (MVS). Existing methods are built upon the assumption that corresponding pixels share similar photometric features. However, multi-view images in real scenarios observe non-Lambertian surfaces and experience occlusions. In this work, we propose a novel approach with neural rendering (RC-MVSNet) to solve such ambiguity issues of correspondences among views. Specifically, we impose a depth rendering consistency loss to constrain the geometry features close to the object surface to alleviate occlusions. Concurrently, we introduce a reference view synthesis loss to generate consistent supervision, even for non-Lambertian surfaces. Extensive experiments on DTU and Tanks\&amp;Temples benchmarks demonstrate that our RC-MVSNet approach achieves state-of-the-art performance over unsupervised MVS frameworks and competitive performance to many supervised methods.The trained models and code will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Boese0601/RC-MVSNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 48.Dynamic Group Transformer: A General Vision Transformer Backbone with Dynamic Group Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03937.pdf)
>  Recently, Transformers have shown promising performance in various vision tasks. To reduce the quadratic computation complexity caused by each query attending to all keys/values, various methods have constrained the range of attention within local regions, where each query only attends to keys/values within a hand-crafted window. However, these hand-crafted window partition mechanisms are data-agnostic and ignore their input content, so it is likely that one query maybe attends to irrelevant keys/values. To address this issue, we propose a Dynamic Group Attention (DG-Attention), which dynamically divides all queries into multiple groups and selects the most relevant keys/values for each group. Our DG-Attention can flexibly model more relevant dependencies without any spatial constraint that is used in hand-crafted window based attention. Built on the DG-Attention, we develop a general vision transformer backbone named Dynamic Group Transformer (DGT). Extensive experiments show that our models can outperform the state-of-the-art methods on multiple common vision tasks, including image classification, semantic segmentation, object detection, and instance segmentation.      
### 49.Part-Aware Self-Supervised Pre-Training for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03931.pdf)
>  In person re-identification (ReID), very recent researches have validated pre-training the models on unlabelled person images is much better than on ImageNet. However, these researches directly apply the existing self-supervised learning (SSL) methods designed for image classification to ReID without any adaption in the framework. These SSL methods match the outputs of local views (e.g., red T-shirt, blue shorts) to those of the global views at the same time, losing lots of details. In this paper, we propose a ReID-specific pre-training method, Part-Aware Self-Supervised pre-training (PASS), which can generate part-level features to offer fine-grained information and is more suitable for ReID. PASS divides the images into several local areas, and the local views randomly cropped from each area are assigned with a specific learnable [PART] token. On the other hand, the [PART]s of all local areas are also appended to the global views. PASS learns to match the output of the local views and global views on the same [PART]. That is, the learned [PART] of the local views from a local area is only matched with the corresponding [PART] learned from the global views. As a result, each [PART] can focus on a specific local area of the image and extracts fine-grained information of this area. Experiments show PASS sets the new state-of-the-art performances on Market1501 and MSMT17 on various ReID tasks, e.g., vanilla ViT-S/16 pre-trained by PASS achieves 92.2\%/90.2\%/88.5\% mAP accuracy on Market1501 for supervised/UDA/USL ReID. Our codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/CASIA-IVA-Lab/PASS-reID" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 50.Globally-Optimal Event Camera Motion Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03914.pdf)
>  Event cameras are bio-inspired sensors that perform well in HDR conditions and have high temporal resolution. However, different from traditional frame-based cameras, event cameras measure asynchronous pixel-level brightness changes and return them in a highly discretised format, hence new algorithms are needed. The present paper looks at fronto-parallel motion estimation of an event camera. The flow of the events is modeled by a general homographic warping in a space-time volume, and the objective is formulated as a maximisation of contrast within the image of unwarped events. However, in stark contrast to prior art, we derive a globally optimal solution to this generally non-convex problem, and thus remove the dependency on a good initial guess. Our algorithm relies on branch-and-bound optimisation for which we derive novel, recursive upper and lower bounds for six different contrast estimation functions. The practical validity of our approach is supported by a highly successful application to AGV motion estimation with a downward facing event camera, a challenging scenario in which the sensor experiences fronto-parallel motion in front of noisy, fast moving textures.      
### 51.Language Matters: A Weakly Supervised Pre-training Approach for Scene Text Detection and Spotting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03911.pdf)
>  Recently, Vision-Language Pre-training (VLP) techniques have greatly benefited various vision-language tasks by jointly learning visual and textual representations, which intuitively helps in Optical Character Recognition (OCR) tasks due to the rich visual and textual information in scene text images. However, these methods cannot well cope with OCR tasks because of the difficulty in both instance-level text encoding and image-text pair acquisition (i.e. images and captured texts in them). This paper presents a weakly supervised pre-training method that can acquire effective scene text representations by jointly learning and aligning visual and textual information. Our network consists of an image encoder and a character-aware text encoder that extract visual and textual features, respectively, as well as a visual-textual decoder that models the interaction among textual and visual features for learning effective scene text representations. With the learning of textual features, the pre-trained model can attend texts in images well with character awareness. Besides, these designs enable the learning from weakly annotated texts (i.e. partial texts in images without text bounding boxes) which mitigates the data annotation constraint greatly. Experiments over the weakly annotated images in ICDAR2019-LSVT show that our pre-trained model improves F-score by +2.5% and +4.8% while transferring its weights to other text detection and spotting networks, respectively. In addition, the proposed method outperforms existing pre-training techniques consistently across multiple public datasets (e.g., +3.2% and +1.3% for Total-Text and CTW1500).      
### 52.End-to-end system for object detection from sub-sampled radar data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03905.pdf)
>  Robust and accurate sensing is of critical importance for advancing autonomous automotive systems. The need to acquire situational awareness in complex urban conditions using sensors such as radar has motivated research on power and latency-efficient signal acquisition methods. In this paper, we present an end-to-end signal processing pipeline, capable of operating in extreme weather conditions, that relies on sub-sampled radar data to perform object detection in vehicular settings. The results of the object detection are further utilized to sub-sample forthcoming radar data, which stands in contrast to prior work where the sub-sampling relies on image information. We show robust detection based on radar data reconstructed using 20% of samples under extreme weather conditions such as snow or fog, and on low-illuminated nights. Additionally, we generate 20% sampled radar data in a fine-tuning set and show 1.1% gain in AP50 across scenes and 3% AP50 gain in motorway condition.      
### 53.Multi-Modal Mixup for Robust Fine-tuning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03897.pdf)
>  Pre-trained large-scale models provide a transferable embedding, and they show comparable performance on the diverse downstream task. However, the transferability of multi-modal learning is restricted, and the analysis of learned embedding has not been explored well. This paper provides a perspective to understand the multi-modal embedding in terms of uniformity and alignment. We newly find that the representation learned by multi-modal learning models such as CLIP has a two separated representation space for each heterogeneous dataset with less alignment. Besides, there are unexplored large intermediate areas between two modalities with less uniformity. Less robust embedding might restrict the transferability of the representation for the downstream task. This paper provides a new end-to-end fine-tuning method for robust representation that encourages better uniformity and alignment score. First, we propose a multi-modal Mixup, $m^{2}$-Mix that mixes the representation of image and text to generate the hard negative samples. Second, we fine-tune the multi-modal model on a hard negative sample as well as normal negative and positive samples with contrastive learning. Our multi-modal Mixup provides a robust representation, and we validate our methods on classification, retrieval, and structure-awareness task.      
### 54.ClearPose: Large-scale Transparent Object Dataset and Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03890.pdf)
>  Transparent objects are ubiquitous in household settings and pose distinct challenges for visual sensing and perception systems. The optical properties of transparent objects leave conventional 3D sensors alone unreliable for object depth and pose estimation. These challenges are highlighted by the shortage of large-scale RGB-Depth datasets focusing on transparent objects in real-world settings. In this work, we contribute a large-scale real-world RGB-Depth transparent object dataset named ClearPose to serve as a benchmark dataset for segmentation, scene-level depth completion and object-centric pose estimation tasks. The ClearPose dataset contains over 350K labeled real-world RGB-Depth frames and 4M instance annotations covering 63 household objects. The dataset includes object categories commonly used in daily life under various lighting and occluding conditions as well as challenging test scenarios such as cases of occlusion by opaque or translucent objects, non-planar orientations, presence of liquids, etc. We benchmark several state-of-the-art depth completion and object pose estimation deep neural networks on ClearPose.      
### 55.ART-Point: Improving Rotation Robustness of Point Cloud Classifiers via Adversarial Rotation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03888.pdf)
>  Point cloud classifiers with rotation robustness have been widely discussed in the 3D deep learning community. Most proposed methods either use rotation invariant descriptors as inputs or try to design rotation equivariant networks. However, robust models generated by these methods have limited performance under clean aligned datasets due to modifications on the original classifiers or input space. In this study, for the first time, we show that the rotation robustness of point cloud classifiers can also be acquired via adversarial training with better performance on both rotated and clean datasets. Specifically, our proposed framework named ART-Point regards the rotation of the point cloud as an attack and improves rotation robustness by training the classifier on inputs with Adversarial RoTations. We contribute an axis-wise rotation attack that uses back-propagated gradients of the pre-trained model to effectively find the adversarial rotations. To avoid model over-fitting on adversarial inputs, we construct rotation pools that leverage the transferability of adversarial rotations among samples to increase the diversity of training data. Moreover, we propose a fast one-step optimization to efficiently reach the final robust model. Experiments show that our proposed rotation attack achieves a high success rate and ART-Point can be used on most existing classifiers to improve the rotation robustness while showing better performance on clean datasets than state-of-the-art methods.      
### 56.Boosting Mask R-CNN Performance for Long, Thin Forensic Traces with Pre-Segmentation and IoU Region Merging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03886.pdf)
>  Mask R-CNN has recently achieved great success in the field of instance segmentation. However, weaknesses of the algorithm have been repeatedly pointed out as well, especially in the segmentation of long, sparse objects whose orientation is not exclusively horizontal or vertical. We present here an approach that significantly improves the performance of the algorithm by first pre-segmenting the images with a PSPNet algorithm. To further improve its prediction, we have developed our own cost functions and heuristics in the form of training strategies, which can prevent so-called (early) overfitting and achieve a more targeted convergence. Furthermore, due to the high variance of the images, especially for PSPNet, we aimed to develop strategies for a high robustness and generalization, which are also presented here.      
### 57.Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation Using Unreliable Pseudo-Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03884.pdf)
>  The crux of semi-supervised semantic segmentation is to assign adequate pseudo-labels to the pixels of unlabeled images. A common practice is to select the highly confident predictions as the pseudo ground-truth, but it leads to a problem that most pixels may be left unused due to their unreliability. We argue that every pixel matters to the model training, even its prediction is ambiguous. Intuitively, an unreliable prediction may get confused among the top classes (i.e., those with the highest probabilities), however, it should be confident about the pixel not belonging to the remaining classes. Hence, such a pixel can be convincingly treated as a negative sample to those most unlikely categories. Based on this insight, we develop an effective pipeline to make sufficient use of unlabeled data. Concretely, we separate reliable and unreliable pixels via the entropy of predictions, push each unreliable pixel to a category-wise queue that consists of negative samples, and manage to train the model with all candidate pixels. Considering the training evolution, where the prediction becomes more and more accurate, we adaptively adjust the threshold for the reliable-unreliable partition. Experimental results on various benchmarks and training settings demonstrate the superiority of our approach over the state-of-the-art alternatives.      
### 58.Visual anomaly detection in video by variational autoencoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03872.pdf)
>  Video anomalies detection is the intersection of anomaly detection and visual intelligence. It has commercial applications in surveillance, security, self-driving cars and crop monitoring. Videos can capture a variety of anomalies. Due to efforts needed to label training data, unsupervised approaches to train anomaly detection models for videos is more practical An autoencoder is a neural network that is trained to recreate its input using latent representation of input also called a bottleneck layer. Variational autoencoder uses distribution (mean and variance) as compared to latent vector as bottleneck layer and can have better regularization effect. In this paper we have demonstrated comparison between performance of convolutional LSTM versus a variation convolutional LSTM autoencoder      
### 59.Discriminability-Transferability Trade-Off: An Information-Theoretic Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03871.pdf)
>  This work simultaneously considers the discriminability and transferability properties of deep representations in the typical supervised learning task, i.e., image classification. By a comprehensive temporal analysis, we observe a trade-off between these two properties. The discriminability keeps increasing with the training progressing while the transferability intensely diminishes in the later training period. <br>From the perspective of information-bottleneck theory, we reveal that the incompatibility between discriminability and transferability is attributed to the over-compression of input information. More importantly, we investigate why and how the InfoNCE loss can alleviate the over-compression, and further present a learning framework, named contrastive temporal coding~(CTC), to counteract the over-compression and alleviate the incompatibility. Extensive experiments validate that CTC successfully mitigates the incompatibility, yielding discriminative and transferable representations. Noticeable improvements are achieved on the image classification task and challenging transfer learning tasks. We hope that this work will raise the significance of the transferability property in the conventional supervised learning setting. Code will be publicly available.      
### 60.Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation using Out-of-Distribution Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03860.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised semantic segmentation (WSSS) methods are often built on pixel-level localization maps obtained from a classifier. However, training on class labels only, classifiers suffer from the spurious correlation between foreground and background cues (e.g. train and rail), fundamentally bounding the performance of WSSS. There have been previous endeavors to address this issue with additional supervision. We propose a novel source of information to distinguish foreground from the background: Out-of-Distribution (OoD) data, or images devoid of foreground object classes. In particular, we utilize the hard OoDs that the classifier is likely to make false-positive predictions. These samples typically carry key visual features on the background (e.g. rail) that the classifiers often confuse as foreground (e.g. train), so these cues let classifiers correctly suppress spurious background cues. Acquiring such hard OoDs does not require an extensive amount of annotation efforts; it only incurs a few additional image-level labeling costs on top of the original efforts to collect class labels. We propose a method, W-OoD, for utilizing the hard OoDs. W-OoD achieves state-of-the-art performance on Pascal VOC 2012.      
### 61.A New 27 Class Sign Language Dataset Collected from 173 Individuals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03859.pdf)
>  After the interviews, it has been comprehended that speech-impaired individuals who use sign languages have difficulty communicating with other people who do not know sign language. Due to the communication problems, the sense of independence of speech-impaired individuals could be damaged and lead them to socialize less with society. To contribute to the development of technologies, that can reduce the communication problems of speech-impaired persons, a new dataset was presented with this paper. The dataset was created by processing American Sign Language-based photographs collected from 173 volunteers, published as 27 Class Sign Language Dataset on the Kaggle Datasets web page.      
### 62.Self-supervised Social Relation Representation for Human Group Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03843.pdf)
>  Human group detection, which splits crowd of people into groups, is an important step for video-based human social activity analysis. The core of human group detection is the human social relation representation and <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://division.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this paper, we propose a new two-stage multi-head framework for human group detection. In the first stage, we propose a human behavior simulator head to learn the social relation feature embedding, which is self-supervisely trained by leveraging the socially grounded multi-person behavior relationship. In the second stage, based on the social relation embedding, we develop a self-attention inspired network for human group detection. Remarkable performance on two state-of-the-art large-scale benchmarks, i.e., PANDA and JRDB-Group, verifies the effectiveness of the proposed framework. Benefiting from the self-supervised social relation embedding, our method can provide promising results with very few (labeled) training data. We will release the source code to the public.      
### 63.Multi-Scale Self-Contrastive Learning with Hard Negative Mining for Weakly-Supervised Query-based Video Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03838.pdf)
>  Query-based video grounding is an important yet challenging task in video understanding, which aims to localize the target segment in an untrimmed video according to a sentence query. Most previous works achieve significant progress by addressing this task in a fully-supervised manner with segment-level labels, which require high labeling cost. Although some recent efforts develop weakly-supervised methods that only need the video-level knowledge, they generally match multiple pre-defined segment proposals with query and select the best one, which lacks fine-grained frame-level details for distinguishing frames with high repeatability and similarity within the entire video. To alleviate the above limitations, we propose a self-contrastive learning framework to address the query-based video grounding task under a weakly-supervised setting. Firstly, instead of utilizing redundant segment proposals, we propose a new grounding scheme that learns frame-wise matching scores referring to the query semantic to predict the possible foreground frames by only using the video-level annotations. Secondly, since some predicted frames (i.e., boundary frames) are relatively coarse and exhibit similar appearance to their adjacent frames, we propose a coarse-to-fine contrastive learning paradigm to learn more discriminative frame-wise representations for distinguishing the false positive frames. In particular, we iteratively explore multi-scale hard negative samples that are close to positive samples in the representation space for distinguishing fine-grained frame-wise details, thus enforcing more accurate segment grounding. Extensive experiments on two challenging benchmarks demonstrate the superiority of our proposed method compared with the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 64.Quasi-Balanced Self-Training on Noise-Aware Synthesis of Object Point Clouds for Closing Domain Gap  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03833.pdf)
>  Semantic analyses of object point clouds are largely driven by releasing of benchmarking datasets, including synthetic ones whose instances are sampled from object CAD models. However, learning from synthetic data may not generalize to practical scenarios, where point clouds are typically incomplete, non-uniformly distributed, and noisy. Such a challenge of Simulation-to-Real (Sim2Real) domain gap could be mitigated via learning algorithms of domain adaptation; however, we argue that generation of synthetic point clouds via more physically realistic rendering is a powerful alternative, as systematic non-uniform noise patterns can be captured. To this end, we propose an integrated scheme consisting of physically realistic synthesis of object point clouds via rendering stereo images via projection of speckle patterns onto CAD models and a novel quasi-balanced self-training designed for more balanced data distribution by sparsity-driven selection of pseudo labeled samples for long tailed classes. Experiment results can verify the effectiveness of our method as well as both of its modules for unsupervised domain adaptation on point cloud classification, achieving the state-of-the-art performance.      
### 65.Deep Rectangling for Image Stitching: A Learning Baseline  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03831.pdf)
>  Stitched images provide a wide field-of-view (FoV) but suffer from unpleasant irregular boundaries. To deal with this problem, existing image rectangling methods devote to searching an initial mesh and optimizing a target mesh to form the mesh deformation in two stages. Then rectangular images can be generated by warping stitched images. However, these solutions only work for images with rich linear structures, leading to noticeable distortions for portraits and landscapes with non-linear objects. In this paper, we address these issues by proposing the first deep learning solution to image rectangling. Concretely, we predefine a rigid target mesh and only estimate an initial mesh to form the mesh deformation, contributing to a compact one-stage solution. The initial mesh is predicted using a fully convolutional network with a residual progressive regression strategy. To obtain results with high content fidelity, a comprehensive objective function is proposed to simultaneously encourage the boundary rectangular, mesh shape-preserving, and content perceptually natural. Besides, we build the first image stitching rectangling dataset with a large diversity in irregular boundaries and scenes. Experiments demonstrate our superiority over traditional methods both quantitatively and qualitatively.      
### 66.Coarse-to-Fine Vision Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03821.pdf)
>  Vision Transformers (ViT) have made many breakthroughs in computer vision tasks. However, considerable redundancy arises in the spatial dimension of an input image, leading to massive computational costs. Therefore, We propose a coarse-to-fine vision transformer (CF-ViT) to relieve computational burden while retaining performance in this paper. Our proposed CF-ViT is motivated by two important observations in modern ViT models: (1) The coarse-grained patch splitting can locate informative regions of an input image. (2) Most images can be well recognized by a ViT model in a small-length token sequence. Therefore, our CF-ViT implements network inference in a two-stage manner. At coarse inference stage, an input image is split into a small-length patch sequence for a computationally economical classification. If not well recognized, the informative patches are identified and further re-split in a fine-grained granularity. Extensive experiments demonstrate the efficacy of our CF-ViT. For example, without any compromise on performance, CF-ViT reduces 53% FLOPs of LV-ViT, and also achieves 2.01x throughput.      
### 67.Table Structure Recognition with Conditional Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03819.pdf)
>  Tabular data in digital documents is widely used to express compact and important information for readers. However, it is challenging to parse tables from unstructured digital documents, such as PDFs and images, into machine-readable format because of the complexity of table structures and the missing of meta-information. Table Structure Recognition (TSR) problem aims to recognize the structure of a table and transform the unstructured tables into a structured and machine-readable format so that the tabular data can be further analysed by the down-stream tasks, such as semantic modeling and information retrieval. In this study, we hypothesize that a complicated table structure can be represented by a graph whose vertices and edges represent the cells and association between cells, respectively. Then we define the table structure recognition problem as a cell association classification problem and propose a conditional attention network (CATT-Net). The experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our proposed method over the state-of-the-art methods on various datasets. Besides, we investigate whether the alignment of a cell bounding box or a text-focused approach has more impact on the model performance. Due to the lack of public dataset annotations based on these two approaches, we further annotate the ICDAR2013 dataset providing both types of bounding boxes, which can be a new benchmark dataset for evaluating the methods in this field. Experimental results show that the alignment of a cell bounding box can help improve the Micro-averaged F1 score from 0.915 to 0.963, and the Macro-average F1 score from 0.787 to 0.923.      
### 68.Shadows can be Dangerous: Stealthy and Effective Physical-world Adversarial Attack by Natural Phenomenon  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03818.pdf)
>  Estimating the risk level of adversarial examples is essential for safely deploying machine learning models in the real world. One popular approach for physical-world attacks is to adopt the "sticker-pasting" strategy, which however suffers from some limitations, including difficulties in access to the target or printing by valid colors. A new type of non-invasive attacks emerged recently, which attempt to cast perturbation onto the target by optics based tools, such as laser beam and projector. However, the added optical patterns are artificial but not natural. Thus, they are still conspicuous and attention-grabbed, and can be easily noticed by humans. In this paper, we study a new type of optical adversarial examples, in which the perturbations are generated by a very common natural phenomenon, shadow, to achieve naturalistic and stealthy physical-world adversarial attack under the black-box setting. We extensively evaluate the effectiveness of this new attack on both simulated and real-world environments. Experimental results on traffic sign recognition demonstrate that our algorithm can generate adversarial examples effectively, reaching 98.23% and 90.47% success rates on LISA and GTSRB test sets respectively, while continuously misleading a moving camera over 95% of the time in real-world scenarios. We also offer discussions about the limitations and the defense mechanism of this attack.      
### 69.Image Search with Text Feedback by Additive Attention Compositional Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03809.pdf)
>  Effective image retrieval with text feedback stands to impact a range of real-world applications, such as e-commerce. Given a source image and text feedback that describes the desired modifications to that image, the goal is to retrieve the target images that resemble the source yet satisfy the given modifications by composing a multi-modal (image-text) query. We propose a novel solution to this problem, Additive Attention Compositional Learning (AACL), that uses a multi-modal transformer-based architecture and effectively models the image-text contexts. Specifically, we propose a novel image-text composition module based on additive attention that can be seamlessly plugged into deep neural networks. We also introduce a new challenging benchmark derived from the Shopping100k dataset. AACL is evaluated on three large-scale datasets (FashionIQ, Fashion200k, and Shopping100k), each with strong baselines. Extensive experiments show that AACL achieves new state-of-the-art results on all three datasets.      
### 70.Panoramic Human Activity Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03806.pdf)
>  To obtain a more comprehensive activity understanding for a crowded scene, in this paper, we propose a new problem of panoramic human activity recognition (PAR), which aims to simultaneous achieve the individual action, social group activity, and global activity recognition. This is a challenging yet practical problem in real-world applications. For this problem, we develop a novel hierarchical graph neural network to progressively represent and model the multi-granularity human activities and mutual social relations for a crowd of people. We further build a benchmark to evaluate the proposed method and other existing related methods. Experimental results verify the rationality of the proposed PAR problem, the effectiveness of our method and the usefulness of the benchmark. We will release the source code and benchmark to the public for promoting the study on this problem.      
### 71.Unknown-Aware Object Detection: Learning What You Don't Know from Videos in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03800.pdf)
>  Building reliable object detectors that can detect out-of-distribution (OOD) objects is critical yet underexplored. One of the key challenges is that models lack supervision signals from unknown data, producing overconfident predictions on OOD objects. We propose a new unknown-aware object detection framework through Spatial-Temporal Unknown Distillation (STUD), which distills unknown objects from videos in the wild and meaningfully regularizes the model's decision boundary. STUD first identifies the unknown candidate object proposals in the spatial dimension, and then aggregates the candidates across multiple video frames to form a diverse set of unknown objects near the decision boundary. Alongside, we employ an energy-based uncertainty regularization loss, which contrastively shapes the uncertainty space between the in-distribution and distilled unknown objects. STUD establishes the state-of-the-art performance on OOD detection tasks for object detection, reducing the FPR95 score by over 10% compared to the previous best method. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/deeplearning-wisc/stud" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 72.PAMI-AD: An Activity Detector Exploiting Part-attention and Motion Information in Surveillance Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03796.pdf)
>  Activity detection in surveillance videos is a challenging task caused by small objects, complex activity categories, its untrimmed nature, etc. In this work, we propose an effective activity detection system for person-only and vehicle-only activities in untrimmed surveillance videos, named PAMI-AD. It consists of four modules, i.e., multi-object tracking, background modeling, activity classifier and post-processing. In particular, we propose a novel part-attention mechanism for person-only activities and a simple but strong motion information encoding method for vehicle-only activities. Our proposed system achieves the best results on the VIRAT dataset. Furthermore, our team won the 1st place in the TRECVID 2021 ActEV challenge.      
### 73.CrowdFormer: Weakly-supervised Crowd counting with Improved Generalizability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03768.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have dominated the field of computer vision for nearly a decade due to their strong ability to learn local features. However, due to their limited receptive field, CNNs fail to model the global context. On the other hand, transformer, an attention-based architecture can model the global context easily. Despite this, there are limited studies that investigate the effectiveness of transformers in crowd counting. In addition, the majority of the existing crowd counting methods are based on the regression of density maps which requires point-level annotation of each person present in the scene. This annotation task is laborious and also error-prone. This has led to increased focus on weakly-supervised crowd counting methods which require only the count-level annotations. In this paper, we propose a weakly-supervised method for crowd counting using a pyramid vision transformer. We have conducted extensive evaluations to validate the effectiveness of the proposed method. Our method is comparable to the state-of-the-art on the benchmark crowd datasets. More importantly, it shows remarkable generalizability.      
### 74.Barlow constrained optimization for Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03727.pdf)
>  Visual question answering is a vision-and-language multimodal task, that aims at predicting answers given samples from the question and image modalities. Most recent methods focus on learning a good joint embedding space of images and questions, either by improving the interaction between these two modalities, or by making it a more discriminant space. However, how informative this joint space is, has not been well explored. In this paper, we propose a novel regularization for VQA models, Constrained Optimization using Barlow's theory (COB), that improves the information content of the joint space by minimizing the redundancy. It reduces the correlation between the learned feature components and thereby disentangles semantic concepts. Our model also aligns the joint space with the answer embedding space, where we consider the answer and image+question as two different `views' of what in essence is the same semantic information. We propose a constrained optimization policy to balance the categorical and redundancy minimization forces. When built on the state-of-the-art GGE model, the resulting model improves VQA accuracy by 1.4% and 4% on the VQA-CP v2 and VQA v2 datasets respectively. The model also exhibits better interpretability.      
### 75.WaveMix: Resource-efficient Token Mixing for Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03689.pdf)
>  Although certain vision transformer (ViT) and CNN architectures generalize well on vision tasks, it is often impractical to use them on green, edge, or desktop computing due to their computational requirements for training and even testing. We present WaveMix as an alternative neural architecture that uses a multi-scale 2D discrete wavelet transform (DWT) for spatial token mixing. Unlike ViTs, WaveMix neither unrolls the image nor requires self-attention of quadratic complexity. Additionally, DWT introduces another inductive bias -- besides convolutional filtering -- to utilize the 2D structure of an image to improve generalization. The multi-scale nature of the DWT also reduces the requirement for a deeper architecture compared to the CNNs, as the latter relies on pooling for partial spatial mixing. WaveMix models show generalization that is competitive with ViTs, CNNs, and token mixers on several datasets while requiring lower GPU RAM (training and testing), number of computations, and storage. WaveMix have achieved State-of-the-art (SOTA) results in EMNIST Byclass and EMNIST Balanced datasets.      
### 76.Object-centric and memory-guided normality reconstruction for video anomaly detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03677.pdf)
>  This paper addresses video anomaly detection problem for videosurveillance. Due to the inherent rarity and heterogeneity of abnormal events, the problem is viewed as a normality modeling strategy, in which our model learns object-centric normal patterns without seeing anomalous samples during training. The main contributions consist in coupling pretrained object-level action features prototypes with a cosine distance-based anomaly estimation function, therefore extending previous methods by introducing additional constraints to the mainstream reconstruction-based strategy. Our framework leverages both appearance and motion information to learn object-level behavior and captures prototypical patterns within a memory module. Experiments on several well-known datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our method as it outperforms current state-of-the-art on most relevant spatio-temporal evaluation metrics.      
### 77.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation with Contrastive Learning for OCT Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03664.pdf)
>  Accurate segmentation of retinal fluids in 3D Optical Coherence Tomography images is key for diagnosis and personalized treatment of eye diseases. While deep learning has been successful at this task, trained supervised models often fail for images that do not resemble labeled examples, e.g. for images acquired using different devices. We hereby propose a novel semi-supervised learning framework for segmentation of volumetric images from new unlabeled domains. We jointly use supervised and contrastive learning, also introducing a contrastive pairing scheme that leverages similarity between nearby slices in 3D. In addition, we propose channel-wise aggregation as an alternative to conventional spatial-pooling aggregation for contrastive feature map projection. We evaluate our methods for domain adaptation from a (labeled) source domain to an (unlabeled) target domain, each containing images acquired with different acquisition devices. In the target domain, our method achieves a Dice coefficient 13.8% higher than SimCLR (a state-of-the-art contrastive framework), and leads to results comparable to an upper bound with supervised training in that domain. In the source domain, our model also improves the results by 5.4% Dice, by successfully leveraging information from many unlabeled images.      
### 78.Trustable Co-label Learning from Multiple Noisy Annotators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04199.pdf)
>  Supervised deep learning depends on massive accurately annotated examples, which is usually impractical in many real-world scenarios. A typical alternative is learning from multiple noisy annotators. Numerous earlier works assume that all labels are noisy, while it is usually the case that a few trusted samples with clean labels are available. This raises the following important question: how can we effectively use a small amount of trusted data to facilitate robust classifier learning from multiple annotators? This paper proposes a data-efficient approach, called \emph{Trustable Co-label Learning} (TCL), to learn deep classifiers from multiple noisy annotators when a small set of trusted data is available. This approach follows the coupled-view learning manner, which jointly learns the data classifier and the label aggregator. It effectively uses trusted data as a guide to generate trustable soft labels (termed co-labels). A co-label learning can then be performed by alternately reannotating the pseudo labels and refining the classifiers. In addition, we further improve TCL for a special complete data case, where each instance is labeled by all annotators and the label aggregator is represented by multilayer neural networks to enhance model capacity. Extensive experiments on synthetic and real datasets clearly demonstrate the effectiveness and robustness of the proposed approach. Source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ShikunLi/TCL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 79.A Gating Model for Bias Calibration in Generalized Zero-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04195.pdf)
>  Generalized zero-shot learning (GZSL) aims at training a model that can generalize to unseen class data by only using auxiliary information. One of the main challenges in GZSL is a biased model prediction toward seen classes caused by overfitting on only available seen class data during training. To overcome this issue, we propose a two-stream autoencoder-based gating model for GZSL. Our gating model predicts whether the query data is from seen classes or unseen classes, and utilizes separate seen and unseen experts to predict the class independently from each other. This framework avoids comparing the biased prediction scores for seen classes with the prediction scores for unseen classes. In particular, we measure the distance between visual and attribute representations in the latent space and the cross-reconstruction space of the autoencoder. These distances are utilized as complementary features to characterize unseen classes at different levels of data abstraction. Also, the two-stream autoencoder works as a unified framework for the gating model and the unseen expert, which makes the proposed method computationally efficient. We validate our proposed method in four benchmark image recognition datasets. In comparison with other state-of-the-art methods, we achieve the best harmonic mean accuracy in SUN and AWA2, and the second best in CUB and AWA1. Furthermore, our base model requires at least 20% less number of model parameters than state-of-the-art methods relying on generative models.      
### 80.Tuning-free multi-coil compressed sensing MRI with Parallel Variable Density Approximate Message Passing (P-VDAMP)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04180.pdf)
>  Purpose: To develop a tuning-free method for multi-coil compressed sensing MRI that performs competitively with algorithms with an optimally tuned sparse parameter. <br>Theory: The Parallel Variable Density Approximate Message Passing (P-VDAMP) algorithm is proposed. For Bernoulli random variable density sampling, P-VDAMP obeys a "state evolution", where the intermediate per-iteration image estimate is distributed according to the ground truth corrupted by a Gaussian vector with approximately known covariance. State evolution is leveraged to automatically tune sparse parameters on-the-fly with Stein's Unbiased Risk Estimate (SURE). <br>Methods: P-VDAMP is evaluated on brain, knee and angiogram datasets at acceleration factors 5 and 10 and compared with four variants of the Fast Iterative Shrinkage-Thresholding algorithm (FISTA), including two tuning-free variants from the literature. <br>Results: The proposed method is found to have a similar reconstruction quality and time to convergence as FISTA with an optimally tuned sparse weighting. <br>Conclusions: P-VDAMP is an efficient, robust and principled method for on-the-fly parameter tuning that is competitive with optimally tuned FISTA and offers substantial robustness and reconstruction quality improvements over competing tuning-free methods.      
### 81.Understanding person identification via gait  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04179.pdf)
>  Gait recognition is the process of identifying humans from their bipedal locomotion such as walking or running. As such gait data is privacy sensitive information and should be anonymized. With the rise of more and higher quality gait recording techniques, such as depth cameras or motion capture suits, an increasing amount of high-quality gait data becomes available which requires anonymization. As a first step towards developing anonymization techniques for high-quality gait data, we study different aspects of movement data to quantify their contribution to the gait recognition process. We first extract categories of features from the literature on human gait perception and then design computational experiments for each of the categories which we run against a gait recognition system. Our results show that gait anonymization is a challenging process as the data is highly redundant and interdependent.      
### 82.An Efficient Polyp Segmentation Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04118.pdf)
>  Cancer is a disease that occurs as a result of uncontrolled division and proliferation of cells. The number of cancer cases has been on the rise over the recent years.. Colon cancer is one of the most common types of cancer in the world. Polyps that can be seen in the large intestine can cause cancer if not removed with early intervention. Deep learning and image segmentation techniques are used to minimize the number of polyps that goes unnoticed by the experts during the diagnosis. Although these techniques give good results, they require too many parameters. We propose a new model to solve this problem. Our proposed model includes less parameters as well as outperforming the success of the state of the art models. In the proposed model, a partial decoder is used to reduce the number of parameters while maintaning success. EfficientNetB0, which gives successfull results as well as requiring few parameters, is used in the encoder part. Since polyps have variable aspect and aspect ratios, an asymetric convolution block was used instead of using classic convolution block. Kvasir and CVC-ClinicDB datasets were seperated as training, validation and testing, and CVC-ColonDB, ETIS and Endoscene datasets were used for testing. According to the dice metric, our model had the best results with %71.8 in the ColonDB test dataset, %89.3 in the EndoScene test dataset and %74.8 in the ETIS test dataset. Our model requires a total of 2.626.337 parameters. When we compare it in the literature, according to similar studies, the model that requires the least parameters is U-Net++ with 9.042.177 parameters.      
### 83.A study on joint modeling and data augmentation of multi-modalities for audio-visual scene classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04114.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose two techniques, namely joint modeling and data augmentation, to improve system performances for audio-visual scene classification (AVSC). We employ pre-trained networks trained only on image data sets to extract video embedding; whereas for audio embedding models, we decide to train them from scratch. We explore different neural network architectures for joint modeling to effectively combine the video and audio modalities. Moreover, data augmentation strategies are investigated to increase audio-visual training set size. For the video modality the effectiveness of several operations in RandAugment is verified. An audio-video joint mixup scheme is proposed to further improve AVSC performances. Evaluated on the development set of TAU Urban Audio Visual Scenes 2021, our final system can achieve the best accuracy of 94.2% among all single AVSC systems submitted to DCASE 2021 Task 1b.      
### 84.Comparing representations of biological data learned with different AI paradigms, augmenting and cropping strategies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04107.pdf)
>  Recent advances in computer vision and robotics enabled automated large-scale biological image analysis. Various machine learning approaches have been successfully applied to phenotypic profiling. However, it remains unclear how they compare in terms of biological feature extraction. In this study, we propose a simple CNN architecture and implement 4 different representation learning approaches. We train 16 deep learning setups on the 770k cancer cell images dataset under identical conditions, using different augmenting and cropping strategies. We compare the learned representations by evaluating multiple metrics for each of three downstream tasks: i) distance-based similarity analysis of known drugs, ii) classification of drugs versus controls, iii) clustering within cell lines. We also compare training times and memory usage. Among all tested setups, multi-crops and random augmentations generally improved performance across tasks, as expected. Strikingly, self-supervised (implicit contrastive learning) models showed competitive performance being up to 11 times faster to train. Self-supervised regularized learning required the most of memory and computation to deliver arguably the most informative features. We observe that no single combination of augmenting and cropping strategies consistently results in top performance across tasks and recommend prospective research directions.      
### 85.VoViT: Low Latency Graph-based Audio-Visual Voice Separation Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04099.pdf)
>  This paper presents an audio-visual approach for voice separation which outperforms state-of-the-art methods at a low latency in two scenarios: speech and singing voice. The model is based on a two-stage network. Motion cues are obtained with a lightweight graph convolutional network that processes face landmarks. Then, both audio and motion features are fed to an audio-visual transformer which produces a fairly good estimation of the isolated target source. In a second stage, the predominant voice is enhanced with an audio-only network. We present different ablation studies and comparison to state-of-the-art methods. Finally, we explore the transferability of models trained for speech separation in the task of singing voice separation. The demos, code, and weights will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ipcv.github.io/VoViT/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 86.Exploration of Various Deep Learning Models for Increased Accuracy in Automatic Polyp Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04093.pdf)
>  This paper is created to explore deep learning models and algorithms that results in highest accuracy in detecting polyp on colonoscopy images. Previous studies implemented deep learning using convolution neural network (CNN) algorithm in detecting polyp and non-polyp. Other studies used dropout, and data augmentation algorithm but mostly not checking the overfitting, thus, include more than four-layer modelss. Rulei Yu <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://et.al" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> from the Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences said that transfer learning is better talking about performance or improving the previous used algorithm. Most especially in applying the transfer learning in feature extraction. Series of experiments were conducted with only a minimum of 4 CNN layers applying previous used models and identified the model that produce the highest percentage accuracy of 98% among the other models that apply transfer learning. Further studies could use different optimizer to a different CNN modelsto increase accuracy.      
### 87.Analyzing General-Purpose Deep-Learning Detection and Segmentation Models with Images from a Lidar as a Camera Sensor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04064.pdf)
>  Over the last decade, robotic perception algorithms have significantly benefited from the rapid advances in deep learning (DL). Indeed, a significant amount of the autonomy stack of different commercial and research platforms relies on DL for situational awareness, especially vision sensors. This work explores the potential of general-purpose DL perception algorithms, specifically detection and segmentation neural networks, for processing image-like outputs of advanced lidar sensors. Rather than processing the three-dimensional point cloud data, this is, to the best of our knowledge, the first work to focus on low-resolution images with 360\textdegree field of view obtained with lidar sensors by encoding either depth, reflectivity, or near-infrared light in the image pixels. We show that with adequate preprocessing, general-purpose DL models can process these images, opening the door to their usage in environmental conditions where vision sensors present inherent limitations. We provide both a qualitative and quantitative analysis of the performance of a variety of neural network architectures. We believe that using DL models built for visual cameras offers significant advantages due to the much wider availability and maturity compared to point cloud-based perception.      
### 88.Learning to Erase the Bayer-Filter to See in the Dark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04042.pdf)
>  Low-light image enhancement - a pervasive but challenging problem, plays a central role in enhancing the visibility of an image captured in a poor illumination environment. Due to the fact that not all photons can pass the Bayer-Filter on the sensor of the color camera, in this work, we first present a De-Bayer-Filter simulator based on deep neural networks to generate a monochrome raw image from the colored raw image. Next, a fully convolutional network is proposed to achieve the low-light image enhancement by fusing colored raw data with synthesized monochrome raw data. Channel-wise attention is also introduced to the fusion process to establish a complementary interaction between features from colored and monochrome raw images. To train the convolutional networks, we propose a dataset with monochrome and color raw pairs named Mono-Colored Raw paired dataset (MCR) collected by using a monochrome camera without Bayer-Filter and a color camera with Bayer-Filter. The proposed pipeline take advantages of the fusion of the virtual monochrome and the color raw images and our extensive experiments indicate that significant improvement can be achieved by leveraging raw sensor data and data-driven learning.      
### 89.Data augmentation with mixtures of max-entropy transformations for filling-level classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04027.pdf)
>  We address the problem of distribution shifts in test-time data with a principled data augmentation scheme for the task of content-level classification. In such a task, properties such as shape or transparency of test-time containers (cup or drinking glass) may differ from those represented in the training data. Dealing with such distribution shifts using standard augmentation schemes is challenging and transforming the training images to cover the properties of the test-time instances requires sophisticated image manipulations. We therefore generate diverse augmentations using a family of max-entropy transformations that create samples with new shapes, colors and spectral characteristics. We show that such a principled augmentation scheme, alone, can replace current approaches that use transfer learning or can be used in combination with transfer learning to improve its performance.      
### 90.Mutual Contrastive Learning to Disentangle Whole Slide Image Representations for Glioma Grading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04013.pdf)
>  Whole slide images (WSI) provide valuable phenotypic information for histological assessment and malignancy grading of tumors. The WSI-based computational pathology promises to provide rapid diagnostic support and facilitate digital health. The most commonly used WSI are derived from formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) and frozen sections. Currently, the majority of automatic tumor grading models are developed based on FFPE sections, which could be affected by the artifacts introduced by tissue processing. Here we propose a mutual contrastive learning scheme to integrate FFPE and frozen sections and disentangle cross-modality representations for glioma grading. We first design a mutual learning scheme to jointly optimize the model training based on FFPE and frozen sections. Further, we develop a multi-modality domain alignment mechanism to ensure semantic consistency in the backbone model training. We finally design a sphere normalized temperature-scaled cross-entropy loss (NT-Xent), which could promote cross-modality representation disentangling of FFPE and frozen sections. Our experiments show that the proposed scheme achieves better performance than the model trained based on each single modality or mixed modalities. The sphere NT-Xent loss outperforms other typical metrics loss functions.      
### 91.On Generalizing Beyond Domains in Cross-Domain Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03970.pdf)
>  Humans have the ability to accumulate knowledge of new tasks in varying conditions, but deep neural networks often suffer from catastrophic forgetting of previously learned knowledge after learning a new task. Many recent methods focus on preventing catastrophic forgetting under the assumption of train and test data following similar distributions. In this work, we consider a more realistic scenario of continual learning under domain shifts where the model must generalize its inference to an unseen domain. To this end, we encourage learning semantically meaningful features by equipping the classifier with class similarity metrics as learning parameters which are obtained through Mahalanobis similarity computations. Learning of the backbone representation along with these extra parameters is done seamlessly in an end-to-end manner. In addition, we propose an approach based on the exponential moving average of the parameters for better knowledge distillation. We demonstrate that, to a great extent, existing continual learning algorithms fail to handle the forgetting issue under multiple distributions, while our proposed approach learns new tasks under domain shift with accuracy boosts up to 10% on challenging datasets such as DomainNet and OfficeHome.      
### 92.An Online Semantic Mapping System for Extending and Enhancing Visual SLAM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03944.pdf)
>  We present a real-time semantic mapping approach for mobile vision systems with a 2D to 3D object detection pipeline and rapid data association for generated landmarks. Besides the semantic map enrichment the associated detections are further introduced as semantic constraints into a simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) system for pose correction purposes. This way, we are able generate additional meaningful information that allows to achieve higher-level tasks, while simultaneously leveraging the view-invariance of object detections to improve the accuracy and the robustness of the odometry estimation. We propose tracklets of locally associated object observations to handle ambiguous and false predictions and an uncertainty-based greedy association scheme for an accelerated processing time. Our system reaches real-time capabilities with an average iteration duration of 65~ms and is able to improve the pose estimation of a state-of-the-art SLAM by up to 68% on a public dataset. Additionally, we implemented our approach as a modular ROS package that makes it straightforward for integration in arbitrary graph-based SLAM methods.      
### 93.Where Does the Performance Improvement Come From? - A Reproducibility Concern about Image-Text Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03853.pdf)
>  This paper seeks to provide the information retrieval community with some reflections on the current improvements of retrieval learning through the analysis of the reproducibility aspects of image-text retrieval models. For the latter part of the past decade, image-text retrieval has gradually become a major research direction in the field of information retrieval because of the growth of multi-modal data. Many researchers use benchmark datasets like MS-COCO and Flickr30k to train and assess the performance of image-text retrieval algorithms. Research in the past has mostly focused on performance, with several state-of-the-art methods being proposed in various ways. According to their claims, these approaches achieve better modal interactions and thus better multimodal representations with greater precision. In contrast to those previous works, we focus on the repeatability of the approaches and the overall examination of the elements that lead to improved performance by pretrained and nonpretrained models in retrieving images and text. To be more specific, we first examine the related reproducibility concerns and why the focus is on image-text retrieval tasks, and then we systematically summarize the current paradigm of image-text retrieval models and the stated contributions of those approaches. Second, we analyze various aspects of the reproduction of pretrained and nonpretrained retrieval models. Based on this, we conducted ablation experiments and obtained some influencing factors that affect retrieval recall more than the improvement claimed in the original paper. Finally, we also present some reflections and issues that should be considered by the retrieval community in the future. Our code is freely available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/WangFei-2019/Image-text-Retrieval" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 94.Dynamic Dual Trainable Bounds for Ultra-low Precision Super-Resolution Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03844.pdf)
>  Light-weight super-resolution (SR) models have received considerable attention for their serviceability in mobile devices. Many efforts employ network quantization to compress SR models. However, these methods suffer from severe performance degradation when quantizing the SR models to ultra-low precision (e.g., 2-bit and 3-bit) with the low-cost layer-wise quantizer. In this paper, we identify that the performance drop comes from the contradiction between the layer-wise symmetric quantizer and the highly asymmetric activation distribution in SR models. This discrepancy leads to either a waste on the quantization levels or detail loss in reconstructed images. Therefore, we propose a novel activation quantizer, referred to as Dynamic Dual Trainable Bounds (DDTB), to accommodate the asymmetry of the activations. Specifically, DDTB innovates in: 1) A layer-wise quantizer with trainable upper and lower bounds to tackle the highly asymmetric activations. 2) A dynamic gate controller to adaptively adjust the upper and lower bounds at runtime to overcome the drastically varying activation ranges over different <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://samples.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> reduce the extra overhead, the dynamic gate controller is quantized to 2-bit and applied to only part of the SR networks according to the introduced dynamic intensity. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our DDTB exhibits significant performance improvements in ultra-low precision. For example, our DDTB achieves a 0.70dB PSNR increase on Urban100 benchmark when quantizing EDSR to 2-bit and scaling up output images to x4. Code is at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zysxmu/DDTB" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 95.Generating 3D Bio-Printable Patches Using Wound Segmentation and Reconstruction to Treat Diabetic Foot Ulcers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03814.pdf)
>  We introduce AiD Regen, a novel system that generates 3D wound models combining 2D semantic segmentation with 3D reconstruction so that they can be printed via 3D bio-printers during the surgery to treat diabetic foot ulcers (DFUs). AiD Regen seamlessly binds the full pipeline, which includes RGB-D image capturing, semantic segmentation, boundary-guided point-cloud processing, 3D model reconstruction, and 3D printable G-code generation, into a single system that can be used out of the box. We developed a multi-stage data preprocessing method to handle small and unbalanced DFU image datasets. AiD Regen's human-in-the-loop machine learning interface enables clinicians to not only create 3D regenerative patches with just a few touch interactions but also customize and confirm wound boundaries. As evidenced by our experiments, our model outperforms prior wound segmentation models and our reconstruction algorithm is capable of generating 3D wound models with compelling accuracy. We further conducted a case study on a real DFU patient and demonstrated the effectiveness of AiD Regen in treating DFU wounds.      
### 96.Biometric recognition: why not massively adopted yet?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03719.pdf)
>  Although there has been a dramatically reduction on the prices of capturing devices and an increase on computing power in the last decade, it seems that biometric systems are still far from massive adoption for civilian applications. This paper deals with the causes of this phenomenon, as well as some misconceptions regarding biometric identification.      
### 97.Monocular Robot Navigation with Self-Supervised Pretrained Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03682.pdf)
>  In this work, we consider the problem of learning a perception model for monocular robot navigation using few annotated images. Using a Vision Transformer (ViT) pretrained with a label-free self-supervised method, we successfully train a coarse image segmentation model for the Duckietown environment using 70 training images. Our model performs coarse image segmentation at the 8x8 patch level, and the inference resolution can be adjusted to balance prediction granularity and real-time perception constraints. We study how best to adapt a ViT to our task and environment, and find that some lightweight architectures can yield good single-image segmentations at a usable frame rate, even on CPU. The resulting perception model is used as the backbone for a simple yet robust visual servoing agent, which we deploy on a differential drive mobile robot to perform two tasks: lane following and obstacle avoidance.      
### 98.Conquering Data Variations in Resolution: A Slice-Aware Multi-Branch Decoder Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03640.pdf)
>  Fully convolutional neural networks have made promising progress in joint liver and liver tumor segmentation. Instead of following the debates over 2D versus 3D networks (for example, pursuing the balance between large-scale 2D pretraining and 3D context), in this paper, we novelly identify the wide variation in the ratio between intra- and inter-slice resolutions as a crucial obstacle to the performance. To tackle the mismatch between the intra- and inter-slice information, we propose a slice-aware 2.5D network that emphasizes extracting discriminative features utilizing not only in-plane semantics but also out-of-plane coherence for each separate slice. Specifically, we present a slice-wise multi-input multi-output architecture to instantiate such a design paradigm, which contains a Multi-Branch Decoder (MD) with a Slice-centric Attention Block (SAB) for learning slice-specific features and a Densely Connected Dice (DCD) loss to regularize the inter-slice predictions to be coherent and continuous. Based on the aforementioned innovations, we achieve state-of-the-art results on the MICCAI 2017 Liver Tumor Segmentation (LiTS) dataset. Besides, we also test our model on the ISBI 2019 Segmentation of THoracic Organs at Risk (SegTHOR) dataset, and the result proves the robustness and generalizability of the proposed method in other segmentation tasks.      
### 99.Unsupervised Image Registration Towards Enhancing Performance and Explainability in Cardiac And Brain Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03638.pdf)
>  Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) typically recruits multiple sequences (defined here as "modalities"). As each modality is designed to offer different anatomical and functional clinical information, there are evident disparities in the imaging content across modalities. Inter- and intra-modality affine and non-rigid image registration is an essential medical image analysis process in clinical imaging, as for example before imaging biomarkers need to be derived and clinically evaluated across different MRI modalities, time phases and slices. Although commonly needed in real clinical scenarios, affine and non-rigid image registration is not extensively investigated using a single unsupervised model architecture. In our work, we present an un-supervised deep learning registration methodology which can accurately model affine and non-rigid trans-formations, simultaneously. Moreover, inverse-consistency is a fundamental inter-modality registration property that is not considered in deep learning registration algorithms. To address inverse-consistency, our methodology performs bi-directional cross-modality image synthesis to learn modality-invariant latent rep-resentations, while involves two factorised transformation networks and an inverse-consistency loss to learn topology-preserving anatomical transformations. Overall, our model (named "FIRE") shows improved performances against the reference standard baseline method on multi-modality brain 2D and 3D MRI and intra-modality cardiac 4D MRI data experiments.      
### 100.Clustering and classification of low-dimensional data in explicit feature map domain: intraoperative pixel-wise diagnosis of adenocarcinoma of a colon in a liver  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03636.pdf)
>  Application of artificial intelligence in medicine brings in highly accurate predictions achieved by complex models, the reasoning of which is hard to interpret. Their generalization ability can be reduced because of the lack of pixel wise annotated images that occurs in frozen section tissue analysis. To partially overcome this gap, this paper explores the approximate explicit feature map (aEFM) transform of low-dimensional data into a low-dimensional subspace in Hilbert space. There, with a modest increase in computational complexity, linear algorithms yield improved performance and keep interpretability. They remain amenable to incremental learning that is not a trivial issue for some nonlinear algorithms. We demonstrate proposed methodology on a very large-scale problem related to intraoperative pixel-wise semantic segmentation and clustering of adenocarcinoma of a colon in a liver. Compared to the results in the input space, logistic classifier achieved statistically significant performance improvements in micro balanced accuracy and F1 score in the amounts of 12.04% and 12.58%, respectively. Support vector machine classifier yielded the increase of 8.04% and 9.41%. For clustering, increases of 0.79% and 0.85% are obtained with ultra large-scale spectral clustering algorithm. Results are supported by a discussion of interpretability using Shapely additive explanation values for predictions of linear classifier in input space and aEFM induced space.      
### 101.Stepwise Feature Fusion: Local Guides Global  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03635.pdf)
>  Colonoscopy, currently the most efficient and recognized colon polyp detection technology, is necessary for early screening and prevention of colorectal cancer. However, due to the varying size and complex morphological features of colonic polyps as well as the indistinct boundary between polyps and mucosa, accurate segmentation of polyps is still challenging. Deep learning has become popular for accurate polyp segmentation tasks with excellent results. However, due to the structure of polyps image and the varying shapes of polyps, it easy for existing deep learning models to overfitting the current dataset. As a result, the model may not process unseen colonoscopy data. To address this, we propose a new State-Of-The-Art model for medical image segmentation, the SSFormer, which uses a pyramid Transformer encoder to improve the generalization ability of models. Specifically, our proposed Progressive Locality Decoder can be adapted to the pyramid Transformer backbone to emphasize local features and restrict attention dispersion. The SSFormer achieves statet-of-the-art performance in both learning and generalization assessment.      
### 102.InsightNet: non-contact blood pressure measuring network based on face video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03634.pdf)
>  Blood pressure indicates cardiac function and peripheral vascular resistance and is critical for disease diagnosis. Traditionally, blood pressure data are mainly acquired through contact sensors, which require high maintenance and may be inconvenient and unfriendly to some people (e.g., burn patients). In this paper, an efficient non-contact blood pressure measurement network based on face videos is proposed for the first time. An innovative oversampling training strategy is proposed to handle the unbalanced data distribution. The input video sequences are first normalized and converted to our proposed YUVT color space. Then, the Spatio-temporal slicer encodes it into a multi-domain Spatio-temporal mapping. Finally, the neural network computation module, used for high-dimensional feature extraction of the multi-domain spatial feature mapping, after which the extracted high-dimensional features are used to enhance the time-domain feature association using LSTM, is computed by the blood pressure classifier to obtain the blood pressure measurement intervals. Combining the output of feature extraction and the result after classification, the blood pressure calculator, calculates the blood pressure measurement values. The solution uses a blood pressure classifier to calculate blood pressure intervals, which can help the neural network distinguish between the high-dimensional features of different blood pressure intervals and alleviate the overfitting phenomenon. It can also locate the blood pressure intervals, correct the final blood pressure values and improve the network performance. Experimental results on two datasets show that the network outperforms existing state-of-the-art methods.      
### 103.Student Become Decathlon Master in Retinal Vessel Segmentation via Dual-teacher Multi-target Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03631.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation has been proposed recently to tackle the so-called domain shift between training data and test data with different distributions. However, most of them only focus on single-target domain adaptation and cannot be applied to the scenario with multiple target domains. In this paper, we propose RVms, a novel unsupervised multi-target domain adaptation approach to segment retinal vessels (RVs) from multimodal and multicenter retinal images. RVms mainly consists of a style augmentation and transfer (SAT) module and a dual-teacher knowledge distillation (DTKD) module. SAT augments and clusters images into source-similar domains and source-dissimilar domains via Bzier and Fourier transformations. DTKD utilizes the augmented and transformed data to train two teachers, one for source-similar domains and the other for source-dissimilar domains. Afterwards, knowledge distillation is performed to iteratively distill different domain knowledge from teachers to a generic student. The local relative intensity transformation is employed to characterize RVs in a domain invariant manner and promote the generalizability of teachers and student models. Moreover, we construct a new multimodal and multicenter vascular segmentation dataset from existing publicly-available datasets, which can be used to benchmark various domain adaptation and domain generalization methods. Through extensive experiments, RVms is found to be very close to the target-trained Oracle in terms of segmenting the RVs, largely outperforming other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 104.Multi-channel deep convolutional neural networks for multi-classifying thyroid disease  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03627.pdf)
>  Thyroid disease instances have been continuously increasing since the 1990s, and thyroid cancer has become the most rapidly rising disease among all the malignancies in recent years. Most existing studies focused on applying deep convolutional neural networks for detecting thyroid cancer. Despite their satisfactory performance on binary classification tasks, limited studies have explored multi-class classification of thyroid disease types; much less is known of the diagnosis of co-existence situation for different types of thyroid diseases. Therefore, this study proposed a novel multi-channel convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture to address the multi-class classification task of thyroid disease. The multi-channel CNN merits from computed tomography to drive a comprehensive diagnostic decision for the overall thyroid gland, emphasizing the disease co-existence circumstance. Moreover, this study also examined alternative strategies to enhance the diagnostic accuracy of CNN models through concatenation of different scales of feature maps. Benchmarking experiments demonstrate the improved performance of the proposed multi-channel CNN architecture compared with the standard single-channel CNN architecture. More specifically, the multi-channel CNN achieved an accuracy of 0.909, precision of 0.944, recall of 0.896, specificity of 0.994, and F1 of 0.917, in contrast to the single-channel CNN, which obtained 0.902, 0.892, 0.909, 0.993, 0.898, respectively. In addition, the proposed model was evaluated in different gender groups; it reached a diagnostic accuracy of 0.908 for the female group and 0.901 for the male group. Collectively, the results highlight that the proposed multi-channel CNN has excellent generalization and has the potential to be deployed to provide computational decision support in clinical settings.      
### 105.Coordinate Translator for Learning Deformable Medical Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03626.pdf)
>  The majority of deep learning (DL) based deformable image registration methods use convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to estimate displacement fields from pairs of moving and fixed images. This, however, requires the convolutional kernels in the CNN to not only extract intensity features from the inputs but also understand image coordinate systems. We argue that the latter task is challenging for traditional CNNs, limiting their performance in registration tasks. To tackle this problem, we first introduce Coordinate Translator (CoTr), a differentiable module that identifies matched features between the fixed and moving image and outputs their coordinate correspondences without the need for training. It unloads the burden of understanding image coordinate systems for CNNs, allowing them to focus on feature extraction. We then propose a novel deformable registration network, im2grid, that uses multiple CoTr's with the hierarchical features extracted from a CNN encoder and outputs a deformation field in a coarse-to-fine fashion. We compared im2grid with the state-of-the-art DL and non-DL methods for unsupervised 3D magnetic resonance image registration. Our experiments show that im2grid outperforms these methods both qualitatively and quantitatively.      
### 106.Fusion-Correction Network for Single-Exposure Correction and Multi-Exposure Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03624.pdf)
>  The photographs captured by digital cameras usually suffer from over-exposure or under-exposure problems. The Single-Exposure Correction (SEC) and Multi-Exposure Fusion (MEF) are two widely studied image processing tasks for image exposure enhancement. However, current SEC and MEF methods ignore the internal correlation between SEC and MEF, and are proposed under distinct frameworks. What's more, most MEF methods usually fail at processing a sequence containing only under-exposed or over-exposed images. To alleviate these problems, in this paper, we develop an integrated framework to simultaneously tackle the SEC and MEF tasks. Built upon the Laplacian Pyramid (LP) decomposition, we propose a novel Fusion-Correction Network (FCNet) to fuse and correct an image sequence sequentially in a multi-level scheme. In each LP level, the image sequence is feed into a Fusion block and a Correction block for consecutive image fusion and exposure correction. The corrected image is upsampled and re-composed with the high-frequency detail components in next-level, producing the base sequence for the next-level blocks. Experiments on the benchmark dataset demonstrate that our FCNet is effective on both the SEC and MEF tasks.      
### 107.Measurement-conditioned Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Model for Under-sampled Medical Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03623.pdf)
>  We propose a novel and unified method, measurement-conditioned denoising diffusion probabilistic model (MC-DDPM), for under-sampled medical image reconstruction based on DDPM. Different from previous works, MC-DDPM is defined in measurement domain (e.g. k-space in MRI reconstruction) and conditioned on under-sampling mask. We apply this method to accelerate MRI reconstruction and the experimental results show excellent performance, outperforming full supervision baseline and the state-of-the-art score-based reconstruction method. Due to its generative nature, MC-DDPM can also quantify the uncertainty of reconstruction. Our code is available on github.      
### 108.Deep-ASPECTS: A Segmentation-Assisted Model for Stroke Severity Measurement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03622.pdf)
>  A stroke occurs when an artery in the brain ruptures and bleeds or when the blood supply to the brain is cut off. Blood and oxygen cannot reach the brain's tissues due to the rupture or obstruction resulting in tissue death. The Middle cerebral artery (MCA) is the largest cerebral artery and the most commonly damaged vessel in stroke. The quick onset of a focused neurological deficit caused by interruption of blood flow in the territory supplied by the MCA is known as an MCA stroke. Alberta stroke programme early CT score (ASPECTS) is used to estimate the extent of early ischemic changes in patients with MCA stroke. This study proposes a deep learning-based method to score the CT scan for ASPECTS. Our work has three highlights. First, we propose a novel method for medical image segmentation for stroke detection. Second, we show the effectiveness of AI solution for fully-automated ASPECT scoring with reduced diagnosis time for a given non-contrast CT (NCCT) Scan. Our algorithms show a dice similarity coefficient of 0.64 for the MCA anatomy segmentation and 0.72 for the infarcts segmentation. Lastly, we show that our model's performance is inline with inter-reader variability between radiologists.      
### 109.Triple Motion Estimation and Frame Interpolation based on Adaptive Threshold for Frame Rate Up-Conversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03621.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel motion-compensated frame rate up-conversion (MC-FRUC) algorithm. The proposed algorithm creates interpolated frames by first estimating motion vectors using unilateral (jointing forward and backward) and bilateral motion estimation. Then motion vectors are combined based on adaptive threshold, in order to creates high-quality interpolated frames and reduce block artifacts. Since motion-compensated frame interpolation along unilateral motion trajectories yields holes, a new algorithm is introduced to resolve this problem. The experimental results show that the quality of the interpolated frames using the proposed algorithm is much higher than the existing algorithms.      
### 110.Adaptive Cross-Layer Attention for Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03619.pdf)
>  Non-local attention module has been proven to be crucial for image restoration. Conventional non-local attention processes features of each layer separately, so it risks missing correlation between features among different layers. To address this problem, we propose Cross-Layer Attention (CLA) module in this paper. Instead of finding correlated key pixels within the same layer, each query pixel can attend to key pixels at previous layers of the network. In order to further enhance the learning capability and reduce the inference cost of CLA, we further propose Adaptive CLA, or ACLA, as an improved CLA. Two adaptive designs are proposed for ACLA: 1) adaptively selecting the keys for non-local attention at each layer; 2) automatically searching for the insertion locations for ACLA modules. By these two adaptive designs, ACLA dynamically selects the number of keys to be aggregated for non-local attention at layer. In addition, ACLA searches for the optimal insert positions of ACLA modules by a neural architecture search method to render a compact neural network with compelling performance. Extensive experiments on image restoration tasks, including single image super-resolution, image denoising, image demosaicing, and image compression artifacts reduction, validate the effectiveness and efficiency of ACLA.      
### 111.Mammograms Classification: A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.03618.pdf)
>  An advanced reliable low-cost form of screening method, Digital mammography has been used as an effective imaging method for breast cancer detection. With an increased focus on technologies to aid healthcare, Mammogram images have been utilized in developing computer-aided diagnosis systems that will potentially help in clinical diagnosis. Researchers have proved that artificial intelligence with its emerging technologies can be used in the early detection of the disease and improve radiologists' performance in assessing breast cancer. In this paper, we review the methods developed for mammogram mass classification in two categories. The first one is classifying manually provided cropped region of interests (ROI) as either malignant or benign, and the second one is the classification of automatically segmented ROIs as either malignant or benign. We also provide an overview of datasets and evaluation metrics used in the classification task. Finally, we compare and discuss the deep learning approach to classical image processing and learning approach in this domain.      
