# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 3 Mar 2022
### 1.Protecting Celebrities with Identity Consistency Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01318.pdf)
>  In this work we propose Identity Consistency Transformer, a novel face forgery detection method that focuses on high-level semantics, specifically identity information, and detecting a suspect face by finding identity inconsistency in inner and outer face regions. The Identity Consistency Transformer incorporates a consistency loss for identity consistency determination. We show that Identity Consistency Transformer exhibits superior generalization ability not only across different datasets but also across various types of image degradation forms found in real-world applications including deepfake videos. The Identity Consistency Transformer can be easily enhanced with additional identity information when such information is available, and for this reason it is especially well-suited for detecting face forgeries involving celebrities.      
### 2.DN-DETR: Accelerate DETR Training by Introducing Query DeNoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01305.pdf)
>  We present in this paper a novel denoising training method to speedup DETR (DEtection TRansformer) training and offer a deepened understanding of the slow convergence issue of DETR-like methods. We show that the slow convergence results from the instability of bipartite graph matching which causes inconsistent optimization goals in early training stages. To address this issue, except for the Hungarian loss, our method additionally feeds ground-truth bounding boxes with noises into Transformer decoder and trains the model to reconstruct the original boxes, which effectively reduces the bipartite graph matching difficulty and leads to a faster convergence. Our method is universal and can be easily plugged into any DETR-like methods by adding dozens of lines of code to achieve a remarkable improvement. As a result, our DN-DETR results in a remarkable improvement ($+1.9$AP) under the same setting and achieves the best result (AP $43.4$ and $48.6$ with $12$ and $50$ epochs of training respectively) among DETR-like methods with ResNet-$50$ backbone. Compared with the baseline under the same setting, DN-DETR achieves comparable performance with $50\%$ training epochs. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/FengLi-ust/DN-DETR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 3.ADVISE: ADaptive Feature Relevance and VISual Explanations for Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01289.pdf)
>  To equip Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) with explainability, it is essential to interpret how opaque models take specific decisions, understand what causes the errors, improve the architecture design, and identify unethical biases in the classifiers. This paper introduces ADVISE, a new explainability method that quantifies and leverages the relevance of each unit of the feature map to provide better visual explanations. To this end, we propose using adaptive bandwidth kernel density estimation to assign a relevance score to each unit of the feature map with respect to the predicted class. We also propose an evaluation protocol to quantitatively assess the visual explainability of CNN models. We extensively evaluate our idea in the image classification task using AlexNet, VGG16, ResNet50, and Xception pretrained on ImageNet. We compare ADVISE with the state-of-the-art visual explainable methods and show that the proposed method outperforms competing approaches in quantifying feature-relevance and visual explainability while maintaining competitive time complexity. Our experiments further show that ADVISE fulfils the sensitivity and implementation independence axioms while passing the sanity checks. The implementation is accessible for reproducibility purposes on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dehshibi/ADVISE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.Deep Temporal Interpolation of Radar-based Precipitation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01277.pdf)
>  When providing the boundary conditions for hydrological flood models and estimating the associated risk, interpolating precipitation at very high temporal resolutions (e.g. 5 minutes) is essential not to miss the cause of flooding in local regions. In this paper, we study optical flow-based interpolation of globally available weather radar images from satellites. The proposed approach uses deep neural networks for the interpolation of multiple video frames, while terrain information is combined with temporarily coarse-grained precipitation radar observation as inputs for self-supervised training. An experiment with the Meteonet radar precipitation dataset for the flood risk simulation in Aude, a department in Southern France (2018), demonstrated the advantage of the proposed method over a linear interpolation baseline, with up to 20% error reduction.      
### 5.Self-supervised Transformer for Deepfake Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01265.pdf)
>  The fast evolution and widespread of deepfake techniques in real-world scenarios require stronger generalization abilities of face forgery detectors. Some works capture the features that are unrelated to method-specific artifacts, such as clues of blending boundary, accumulated up-sampling, to strengthen the generalization ability. However, the effectiveness of these methods can be easily corrupted by post-processing operations such as compression. Inspired by transfer learning, neural networks pre-trained on other large-scale face-related tasks may provide useful features for deepfake detection. For example, lip movement has been proved to be a kind of robust and good-transferring highlevel semantic feature, which can be learned from the lipreading task. However, the existing method pre-trains the lip feature extraction model in a supervised manner, which requires plenty of human resources in data annotation and increases the difficulty of obtaining training data. In this paper, we propose a self-supervised transformer based audio-visual contrastive learning method. The proposed method learns mouth motion representations by encouraging the paired video and audio representations to be close while unpaired ones to be diverse. After pre-training with our method, the model will then be partially fine-tuned for deepfake detection task. Extensive experiments show that our self-supervised method performs comparably or even better than the supervised pre-training counterpart.      
### 6.A Unified Query-based Paradigm for Point Cloud Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01252.pdf)
>  3D point cloud understanding is an important component in autonomous driving and robotics. In this paper, we present a novel Embedding-Querying paradigm (EQ-Paradigm) for 3D understanding tasks including detection, segmentation and classification. EQ-Paradigm is a unified paradigm that enables the combination of any existing 3D backbone architectures with different task heads. Under the EQ-Paradigm, the input is firstly encoded in the embedding stage with an arbitrary feature extraction architecture, which is independent of tasks and heads. Then, the querying stage enables the encoded features to be applicable for diverse task heads. This is achieved by introducing an intermediate representation, i.e., Q-representation, in the querying stage to serve as a bridge between the embedding stage and task heads. We design a novel Q-Net as the querying stage network. Extensive experimental results on various 3D tasks including semantic segmentation, object detection and shape classification show that EQ-Paradigm in tandem with Q-Net is a general and effective pipeline, which enables a flexible collaboration of backbones and heads, and further boosts the performance of the state-of-the-art methods. All codes and models will be published soon.      
### 7.H4D: Human 4D Modeling by Learning Neural Compositional Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01247.pdf)
>  Despite the impressive results achieved by deep learning based 3D reconstruction, the techniques of directly learning to model the 4D human captures with detailed geometry have been less studied. This work presents a novel framework that can effectively learn a compact and compositional representation for dynamic human by exploiting the human body prior from the widely-used SMPL parametric model. Particularly, our representation, named H4D, represents dynamic 3D human over a temporal span into the latent spaces encoding shape, initial pose, motion and auxiliary information. A simple yet effective linear motion model is proposed to provide a rough and regularized motion estimation, followed by per-frame compensation for pose and geometry details with the residual encoded in the auxiliary code. Technically, we introduce novel GRU-based architectures to facilitate learning and improve the representation capability. Extensive experiments demonstrate our method is not only efficacy in recovering dynamic human with accurate motion and detailed geometry, but also amenable to various 4D human related tasks, including motion retargeting, motion completion and future prediction.      
### 8.Video Question Answering: Datasets, Algorithms and Challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01225.pdf)
>  Video Question Answering (VideoQA) aims to answer natural language questions according to the given videos. It has earned increasing attention with recent research trends in joint vision and language understanding. Yet, compared with ImageQA, VideoQA is largely underexplored and progresses slowly. Although different algorithms have continually been proposed and shown success on different VideoQA datasets, we find that there lacks a meaningful survey to categorize them, which seriously impedes its advancements. This paper thus provides a clear taxonomy and comprehensive analyses to VideoQA, focusing on the datasets, algorithms, and unique challenges. We then point out the research trend of studying beyond factoid QA to inference QA towards the cognition of video contents, Finally, we conclude some promising directions for future exploration.      
### 9.Hybrid Tracker with Pixel and Instance for Video Panoptic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01217.pdf)
>  Video Panoptic Segmentation (VPS) requires generating consistent panoptic segmentation and tracking identities to all pixels across video frames. Existing methods are mainly based on the trained instance embedding to maintain consistent panoptic segmentation. However, they inevitably struggle to cope with the challenges of small objects, similar appearance but inconsistent identities, occlusion, and strong instance contour deformations. To address these problems, we present HybridTracker, a lightweight and joint tracking model attempting to eliminate the limitations of the single tracker. HybridTracker performs pixel tracker and instance tracker in parallel to obtain the association matrices, which are fused into a matching matrix. In the instance tracker, we design a differentiable matching layer, ensuring the stability of inter-frame matching. In the pixel tracker, we compute the dice coefficient of the same instance of different frames given the estimated optical flow, forming the Intersection Over Union (IoU) matrix. We additionally propose mutual check and temporal consistency constraints during inference to settle the occlusion and contour deformation challenges. Extensive experiments demonstrate that HybridTracker outperforms state-of-the-art methods on Cityscapes-VPS and VIPER datasets.      
### 10.Container Localisation and Mass Estimation with an RGB-D Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01207.pdf)
>  In the research area of human-robot interactions, the automatic estimation of the mass of a container manipulated by a person leveraging only visual information is a challenging task. The main challenges consist of occlusions, different filling materials and lighting conditions. The mass of an object constitutes key information for the robot to correctly regulate the force required to grasp the container. We propose a single RGB-D camera-based method to locate a manipulated container and estimate its empty mass i.e., independently of the presence of the content. The method first automatically selects a number of candidate containers based on the distance with the fixed frontal view, then averages the mass predictions of a lightweight model to provide the final estimation. Results on the CORSMAL Containers Manipulation dataset show that the proposed method estimates empty container mass obtaining a score of 71.08% under different lighting or filling conditions.      
### 11.VAE-iForest: Auto-encoding Reconstruction and Isolation-based Anomalies Detecting Fallen Objects on Road Surface  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01193.pdf)
>  In road monitoring, it is an important issue to detect changes in the road surface at an early stage to prevent damage to third parties. The target of the falling object may be a fallen tree due to the external force of a flood or an earthquake, and falling rocks from a slope. Generative deep learning is possible to flexibly detect anomalies of the falling objects on the road surface. We prototype a method that combines auto-encoding reconstruction and isolation-based anomaly detector in application for road surface monitoring. Actually, we apply our method to a set of test images that fallen objects is located on the raw inputs added with fallen stone and plywood, and that snow is covered on the winter road. Finally we mention the future works for practical purpose application.      
### 12.Improving Generalization of Deep Networks for Estimating Physical Properties of Containers and Fillings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01192.pdf)
>  We present methods to estimate the physical properties of household containers and their fillings manipulated by humans. We use a lightweight, pre-trained convolutional neural network with coordinate attention as a backbone model of the pipelines to accurately locate the object of interest and estimate the physical properties in the CORSMAL Containers Manipulation (CCM) dataset. We address the filling type classification with audio data and then combine this information from audio with video modalities to address the filling level classification. For the container capacity, dimension, and mass estimation, we present a data augmentation and consistency measurement to alleviate the over-fitting issue in the CCM dataset caused by the limited number of containers. We augment the training data using an object-of-interest-based re-scaling that increases the variety of physical values of the containers. We then perform the consistency measurement to choose a model with low prediction variance in the same containers under different scenes, which ensures the generalization ability of the model. Our method improves the generalization ability of the models to estimate the property of the containers that were not previously seen in the training.      
### 13.Visual Feature Encoding for GNNs on Road Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01187.pdf)
>  In this work, we present a novel approach to learning an encoding of visual features into graph neural networks with the application on road network data. We propose an architecture that combines state-of-the-art vision backbone networks with graph neural networks. More specifically, we perform a road type classification task on an Open Street Map road network through encoding of satellite imagery using various ResNet architectures. Our architecture further enables fine-tuning and a transfer-learning approach is evaluated by pretraining on the NWPU-RESISC45 image classification dataset for remote sensing and comparing them to purely ImageNet-pretrained ResNet models as visual feature encoders. The results show not only that the visual feature encoders are superior to low-level visual features, but also that the fine-tuning of the visual feature encoder to a general remote sensing dataset such as NWPU-RESISC45 can further improve the performance of a GNN on a machine learning task like road type classification.      
### 14.Detecting Adversarial Perturbations in Multi-Task Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01177.pdf)
>  While deep neural networks (DNNs) achieve impressive performance on environment perception tasks, their sensitivity to adversarial perturbations limits their use in practical applications. In this paper, we (i) propose a novel adversarial perturbation detection scheme based on multi-task perception of complex vision tasks (i.e., depth estimation and semantic segmentation). Specifically, adversarial perturbations are detected by inconsistencies between extracted edges of the input image, the depth output, and the segmentation output. To further improve this technique, we (ii) develop a novel edge consistency loss between all three modalities, thereby improving their initial consistency which in turn supports our detection scheme. We verify our detection scheme's effectiveness by employing various known attacks and image noises. In addition, we (iii) develop a multi-task adversarial attack, aiming at fooling both tasks as well as our detection scheme. Experimental evaluation on the Cityscapes and KITTI datasets shows that under an assumption of a 5% false positive rate up to 100% of images are correctly detected as adversarially perturbed, depending on the strength of the perturbation. Code will be available on github. A short video at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/KKa6gOyWmH4" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> provides qualitative results.      
### 15.Applying multi-angled parallelism to Spanish topographical maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01169.pdf)
>  Multi-Angled Parallelism (MAP) is a method to recognize lines in binary images. It is suitable to be implemented in parallel processing and image processing hardware. The binary image is transformed into directional planes, upon which, directional operators of erosion-dilation are iteratively applyed. From a set of basic operators, more complex ones are created, which let to extract the several types of lines. Each type is extracted with a different set of operations and so the lines are identified when extracted. In this paper, an overview of MAP is made, and it is adapted to line recognition in Spanish topographical maps, with the double purpose of testing the method in a real case and studying the process of adapting it to a custom application.      
### 16.DisARM: Displacement Aware Relation Module for 3D Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01152.pdf)
>  We introduce Displacement Aware Relation Module (DisARM), a novel neural network module for enhancing the performance of 3D object detection in point cloud scenes. The core idea of our method is that contextual information is critical to tell the difference when the instance geometry is incomplete or featureless. We find that relations between proposals provide a good representation to describe the context. However, adopting relations between all the object or patch proposals for detection is inefficient, and an imbalanced combination of local and global relations brings extra noise that could mislead the training. Rather than working with all relations, we found that training with relations only between the most representative ones, or anchors, can significantly boost the detection performance. A good anchor should be semantic-aware with no ambiguity and independent with other anchors as well. To find the anchors, we first perform a preliminary relation anchor module with an objectness-aware sampling approach and then devise a displacement-based module for weighing the relation importance for better utilization of contextual information. This lightweight relation module leads to significantly higher accuracy of object instance detection when being plugged into the state-of-the-art detectors. Evaluations on the public benchmarks of real-world scenes show that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance on both SUN RGB-D and ScanNet V2.      
### 17.Improving Lidar-Based Semantic Segmentation of Top-View Grid Maps by Learning Features in Complementary Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01151.pdf)
>  In this paper we introduce a novel way to predict semantic information from sparse, single-shot LiDAR measurements in the context of autonomous driving. In particular, we fuse learned features from complementary representations. The approach is aimed specifically at improving the semantic segmentation of top-view grid maps. Towards this goal the 3D LiDAR point cloud is projected onto two orthogonal 2D representations. For each representation a tailored deep learning architecture is developed to effectively extract semantic information which are fused by a superordinate deep neural network. The contribution of this work is threefold: (1) We examine different stages within the segmentation network for fusion. (2) We quantify the impact of embedding different features. (3) We use the findings of this survey to design a tailored deep neural network architecture leveraging respective advantages of different representations. Our method is evaluated using the SemanticKITTI dataset which provides a point-wise semantic annotation of more than 23.000 LiDAR measurements.      
### 18.Self-Supervised Scene Flow Estimation with 4D Automotive Radar  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01137.pdf)
>  Scene flow allows autonomous vehicles to reason about the arbitrary motion of multiple independent objects which is the key to long-term mobile autonomy. While estimating the scene flow from LiDAR has progressed recently, it remains largely unknown how to estimate the scene flow from a 4D radar - an increasingly popular automotive sensor for its robustness against adverse weather and lighting conditions. Compared with the LiDAR point clouds, radar data are drastically sparser, noisier and in much lower resolution. Annotated datasets for radar scene flow are also in absence and costly to acquire in the real world. These factors jointly pose the radar scene flow estimation as a challenging problem. This work aims to address the above challenges and estimate scene flow from 4D radar point clouds by leveraging self-supervised learning. A robust scene flow estimation architecture and three novel losses are bespoken designed to cope with intractable radar data. Real-world experimental results validate that our method is able to robustly estimate the radar scene flow in the wild and effectively supports the downstream task of motion segmentation.      
### 19.A Generalized Approach for Cancellable Template and Its Realization for Minutia Cylinder-Code  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01095.pdf)
>  Hashing technology gains much attention in protecting the biometric template lately. For instance, Index-of-Max (IoM), a recent reported hashing technique, is a ranking-based locality sensitive hashing technique, which illustrates the feasibility to protect the ordered and fixed-length biometric template. However, biometric templates are not always in the form of ordered and fixed-length, rather it may be an unordered and variable size point set e.g. fingerprint minutiae, which restricts the usage of the traditional hashing technology. In this paper, we proposed a generalized version of IoM hashing namely gIoM, and therefore the unordered and variable size biometric template can be used. We demonstrate a realization using a well-known variable size feature vector, fingerprint Minutia Cylinder-Code (MCC). The gIoM transforms MCC into index domain to form indexing-based feature representation. Consequently, the inversion of MCC from the transformed representation is computational infeasible, thus to achieve non-invertibility while the performance is preserved. Public fingerprint databases FVC2002 and FVC2004 are employed for experiment as benchmark to demonstrate a fair comparison with other methods. Moreover, the security and privacy analysis suggest that gIoM meets the criteria of template protection: non-invertibility, revocability, and non-linkability.      
### 20.Vision-based Large-scale 3D Semantic Mapping for Autonomous Driving Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01087.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a complete pipeline for 3D semantic mapping solely based on a stereo camera system. The pipeline comprises a direct sparse visual odometry front-end as well as a back-end for global optimization including GNSS integration, and semantic 3D point cloud labeling. We propose a simple but effective temporal voting scheme which improves the quality and consistency of the 3D point labels. Qualitative and quantitative evaluations of our pipeline are performed on the KITTI-360 dataset. The results show the effectiveness of our proposed voting scheme and the capability of our pipeline for efficient large-scale 3D semantic mapping. The large-scale mapping capabilities of our pipeline is furthermore demonstrated by presenting a very large-scale semantic map covering 8000 km of roads generated from data collected by a fleet of vehicles.      
### 21.Continual BatchNorm Adaptation (CBNA) for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01074.pdf)
>  Environment perception in autonomous driving vehicles often heavily relies on deep neural networks (DNNs), which are subject to domain shifts, leading to a significantly decreased performance during DNN deployment. Usually, this problem is addressed by unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) approaches trained either simultaneously on source and target domain datasets or even source-free only on target data in an offline fashion. In this work, we further expand a source-free UDA approach to a continual and therefore online-capable UDA on a single-image basis for semantic segmentation. Accordingly, our method only requires the pre-trained model from the supplier (trained in the source domain) and the current (unlabeled target domain) camera image. Our method Continual BatchNorm Adaptation (CBNA) modifies the source domain statistics in the batch normalization layers, using target domain images in an unsupervised fashion, which yields consistent performance improvements during inference. Thereby, in contrast to existing works, our approach can be applied to improve a DNN continuously on a single-image basis during deployment without access to source data, without algorithmic delay, and nearly without computational overhead. We show the consistent effectiveness of our method across a wide variety of source/target domain settings for semantic segmentation. As part of this work, our code will be made publicly available.      
### 22.OVE6D: Object Viewpoint Encoding for Depth-based 6D Object Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01072.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a universal framework, called OVE6D, for model-based 6D object pose estimation from a single depth image and a target object mask. Our model is trained using purely synthetic data rendered from ShapeNet, and, unlike most of the existing methods, it generalizes well on new real-world objects without any fine-tuning. We achieve this by decomposing the 6D pose into viewpoint, in-plane rotation around the camera optical axis and translation, and introducing novel lightweight modules for estimating each component in a cascaded manner. The resulting network contains less than 4M parameters while demonstrating excellent performance on the challenging T-LESS and Occluded LINEMOD datasets without any dataset-specific training. We show that OVE6D outperforms some contemporary deep learning-based pose estimation methods specifically trained for individual objects or datasets with real-world training data. <br>The implementation and the pre-trained model will be made publicly available.      
### 23.Colar: Effective and Efficient Online Action Detection by Consulting Exemplars  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01057.pdf)
>  Online action detection has attracted increasing research interests in recent years. Current works model historical dependencies and anticipate future to perceive the action evolution within a video segment and improve the detection accuracy. However, the existing paradigm ignores category-level modeling and does not pay sufficient attention to efficiency. Considering a category, its representative frames exhibit various characteristics. Thus, the category-level modeling can provide complementary guidance to the temporal dependencies modeling. In this paper, we develop an effective exemplar-consultation mechanism that first measures the similarity between a frame and exemplary frames, and then aggregates exemplary features based on the similarity weights. This is also an efficient mechanism as both similarity measurement and feature aggregation require limited computations. Based on the exemplar-consultation mechanism, the long-term dependencies can be captured by regarding historical frames as exemplars, and the category-level modeling can be achieved by regarding representative frames from a category as exemplars. Due to the complementarity from the category-level modeling, our method employs a lightweight architecture but achieves new high performance on three benchmarks. In addition, using a spatio-temporal network to tackle video frames, our method spends 9.8 seconds to dispose of a one-minute video and achieves comparable performance.      
### 24.Unsupervised Anomaly Detection from Time-of-Flight Depth Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01052.pdf)
>  Video anomaly detection (VAD) addresses the problem of automatically finding anomalous events in video data. The primary data modalities on which current VAD systems work on are monochrome or RGB images. Using depth data in this context instead is still hardly explored in spite of depth images being a popular choice in many other computer vision research areas and the increasing availability of inexpensive depth camera hardware. We evaluate the application of existing autoencoder-based methods on depth video and propose how the advantages of using depth data can be leveraged by integration into the loss function. Training is done unsupervised using normal sequences without need for any additional annotations. We show that depth allows easy extraction of auxiliary information for scene analysis in the form of a foreground mask and demonstrate its beneficial effect on the anomaly detection performance through evaluation on a large public dataset, for which we are also the first ones to present results on.      
### 25.3D object reconstruction and 6D-pose estimation from 2D shape for robotic grasping of objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01051.pdf)
>  We propose a method for 3D object reconstruction and 6D-pose estimation from 2D images that uses knowledge about object shape as the primary key. In the proposed pipeline, recognition and labeling of objects in 2D images deliver 2D segment silhouettes that are compared with the 2D silhouettes of projections obtained from various views of a 3D model representing the recognized object class. By computing transformation parameters directly from the 2D images, the number of free parameters required during the registration process is reduced, making the approach feasible. Furthermore, 3D transformations and projective geometry are employed to arrive at a full 3D reconstruction of the object in camera space using a calibrated set up. Inclusion of a second camera allows resolving remaining ambiguities. The method is quantitatively evaluated using synthetic data and tested with real data, and additional results for the well-known Linemod data set are shown. In robot experiments, successful grasping of objects demonstrates its usability in real-world environments, and, where possible, a comparison with other methods is provided. The method is applicable to scenarios where 3D object models, e.g., CAD-models or point clouds, are available and precise pixel-wise segmentation maps of 2D images can be obtained. Different from other methods, the method does not use 3D depth for training, widening the domain of application.      
### 26.Image-based material analysis of ancient historical documents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01042.pdf)
>  Researchers continually perform corroborative tests to classify ancient historical documents based on the physical materials of their writing surfaces. However, these tests, often performed on-site, requires actual access to the manuscript objects. The procedures involve a considerable amount of time and cost, and can damage the manuscripts. Developing a technique to classify such documents using only digital images can be very useful and efficient. In order to tackle this problem, this study uses images of a famous historical collection, the Dead Sea Scrolls, to propose a novel method to classify the materials of the manuscripts. The proposed classifier uses the two-dimensional Fourier Transform to identify patterns within the manuscript surfaces. Combining a binary classification system employing the transform with a majority voting process is shown to be effective for this classification task. This pilot study shows a successful classification percentage of up to 97% for a confined amount of manuscripts produced from either parchment or papyrus material. Feature vectors based on Fourier-space grid representation outperformed a concentric Fourier-space format.      
### 27.Asynchronous Optimisation for Event-based Visual Odometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01037.pdf)
>  Event cameras open up new possibilities for robotic perception due to their low latency and high dynamic range. On the other hand, developing effective event-based vision algorithms that fully exploit the beneficial properties of event cameras remains work in progress. In this paper, we focus on event-based visual odometry (VO). While existing event-driven VO pipelines have adopted continuous-time representations to asynchronously process event data, they either assume a known map, restrict the camera to planar trajectories, or integrate other sensors into the system. Towards map-free event-only monocular VO in SE(3), we propose an asynchronous structure-from-motion optimisation back-end. Our formulation is underpinned by a principled joint optimisation problem involving non-parametric Gaussian Process motion modelling and incremental maximum a posteriori inference. A high-performance incremental computation engine is employed to reason about the camera trajectory with every incoming event. We demonstrate the robustness of our asynchronous back-end in comparison to frame-based methods which depend on accurate temporal accumulation of measurements.      
### 28.TableFormer: Table Structure Understanding with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01017.pdf)
>  Tables organize valuable content in a concise and compact representation. This content is extremely valuable for systems such as search engines, Knowledge Graph's, etc, since they enhance their predictive capabilities. Unfortunately, tables come in a large variety of shapes and sizes. Furthermore, they can have complex column/row-header configurations, multiline rows, different variety of separation lines, missing entries, etc. As such, the correct identification of the table-structure from an image is a non-trivial task. In this paper, we present a new table-structure identification model. The latter improves the latest end-to-end deep learning model (i.e. encoder-dual-decoder from PubTabNet) in two significant ways. First, we introduce a new object detection decoder for table-cells. In this way, we can obtain the content of the table-cells from programmatic PDF's directly from the PDF source and avoid the training of the custom OCR decoders. This architectural change leads to more accurate table-content extraction and allows us to tackle non-english tables. Second, we replace the LSTM decoders with transformer based decoders. This upgrade improves significantly the previous state-of-the-art tree-editing-distance-score (TEDS) from 91% to 98.5% on simple tables and from 88.7% to 95% on complex tables.      
### 29.Improving Point Cloud Based Place Recognition with Ranking-based Loss and Large Batch Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00972.pdf)
>  The paper presents a simple and effective learning-based method for computing a discriminative 3D point cloud descriptor for place recognition purposes. Recent state-of-the-art methods have relatively complex architectures such as multi-scale oyramid of point Transformers combined with a pyramid of feature aggregation modules. Our method uses a simple and efficient 3D convolutional feature extraction, based on a sparse voxelized representation, enhanced with channel attention blocks. We employ recent advances in image retrieval and propose a modified version of a loss function based on a differentiable average precision approximation. Such loss function requires training with very large batches for the best results. This is enabled by using multistaged backpropagation. Experimental evaluation on the popular benchmarks proves the effectiveness of our approach, with a consistent improvement over the state of the art      
### 30.Class Re-Activation Maps for Weakly-Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00962.pdf)
>  Extracting class activation maps (CAM) is arguably the most standard step of generating pseudo masks for weakly-supervised semantic segmentation (WSSS). Yet, we find that the crux of the unsatisfactory pseudo masks is the binary cross-entropy loss (BCE) widely used in CAM. Specifically, due to the sum-over-class pooling nature of BCE, each pixel in CAM may be responsive to multiple classes co-occurring in the same receptive field. As a result, given a class, its hot CAM pixels may wrongly invade the area belonging to other classes, or the non-hot ones may be actually a part of the class. To this end, we introduce an embarrassingly simple yet surprisingly effective method: Reactivating the converged CAM with BCE by using softmax cross-entropy loss (SCE), dubbed \textbf{ReCAM}. Given an image, we use CAM to extract the feature pixels of each single class, and use them with the class label to learn another fully-connected layer (after the backbone) with SCE. Once converged, we extract ReCAM in the same way as in CAM. Thanks to the contrastive nature of SCE, the pixel response is disentangled into different classes and hence less mask ambiguity is expected. The evaluation on both PASCAL VOC and MS~COCO shows that ReCAM not only generates high-quality masks, but also supports plug-and-play in any CAM variant with little overhead.      
### 31.Aggregated Pyramid Vision Transformer: Split-transform-merge Strategy for Image Recognition without Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00960.pdf)
>  With the achievements of Transformer in the field of natural language processing, the encoder-decoder and the attention mechanism in Transformer have been applied to computer vision. Recently, in multiple tasks of computer vision (image classification, object detection, semantic segmentation, etc.), state-of-the-art convolutional neural networks have introduced some concepts of Transformer. This proves that Transformer has a good prospect in the field of image recognition. After Vision Transformer was proposed, more and more works began to use self-attention to completely replace the convolutional layer. This work is based on Vision Transformer, combined with the pyramid architecture, using Split-transform-merge to propose the group encoder and name the network architecture Aggregated Pyramid Vision Transformer (APVT). We perform image classification tasks on the CIFAR-10 dataset and object detection tasks on the COCO 2017 dataset. Compared with other network architectures that use Transformer as the backbone, APVT has excellent results while reducing the computational cost. We hope this improved strategy can provide a reference for future Transformer research in computer vision.      
### 32.Learning Moving-Object Tracking with FMCW LiDAR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00959.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a learning-based moving-object tracking method utilizing our newly developed LiDAR sensor, Frequency Modulated Continuous Wave (FMCW) LiDAR. Compared with most existing commercial LiDAR sensors, our FMCW LiDAR can provide additional Doppler velocity information to each 3D point of the point clouds. Benefiting from this, we can generate instance labels as ground truth in a semi-automatic manner. Given the labels, we propose a contrastive learning framework, which pulls together the features from the same instance in embedding space and pushes apart the features from different instances, to improve the tracking quality. Extensive experiments are conducted on our recorded driving data, and the results show that our method outperforms the baseline methods by a large margin.      
### 33.GRASP EARTH: Intuitive Software for Discovering Changes on the Planet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00955.pdf)
>  Detecting changes on the Earth, such as urban development, deforestation, or natural disaster, is one of the research fields that is attracting a great deal of attention. One promising tool to solve these problems is satellite imagery. However, satellite images require huge amount of storage, therefore users are required to set Area of Interests first, which was not suitable for detecting potential areas for disaster or development. To tackle with this problem, we develop the novel tool, namely GRASP EARTH, which is the simple change detection application based on Google Earth Engine. GRASP EARTH allows us to handle satellite imagery easily and it has used for disaster monitoring and urban development monitoring.      
### 34.ParaPose: Parameter and Domain Randomization Optimization for Pose Estimation using Synthetic Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00945.pdf)
>  Pose estimation is the task of determining the 6D position of an object in a scene. Pose estimation aid the abilities and flexibility of robotic set-ups. However, the system must be configured towards the use case to perform adequately. This configuration is time-consuming and limits the usability of pose estimation and, thereby, robotic systems. <br>Deep learning is a method to overcome this configuration procedure by learning parameters directly from the dataset. However, obtaining this training data can also be very time-consuming. The use of synthetic training data avoids this data collection problem, but a configuration of the training procedure is necessary to overcome the domain gap problem. Additionally, the pose estimation parameters also need to be configured. This configuration is jokingly known as grad student descent as parameters are manually adjusted until satisfactory results are obtained. <br>This paper presents a method for automatic configuration using only synthetic data. This is accomplished by learning the domain randomization during network training, and then using the domain randomization to optimize the pose estimation parameters. The developed approach shows state-of-the-art performance of 82.0 % recall on the challenging OCCLUSION dataset, outperforming all previous methods with a large margin. These results prove the validity of automatic set-up of pose estimation using purely synthetic data.      
### 35.TransDARC: Transformer-based Driver Activity Recognition with Latent Space Feature Calibration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00927.pdf)
>  Traditional video-based human activity recognition has experienced remarkable progress linked to the rise of deep learning, but this effect was slower as it comes to the downstream task of driver behavior understanding. Understanding the situation inside the vehicle cabin is essential for Advanced Driving Assistant System (ADAS) as it enables identifying distraction, predicting driver's intent and leads to more convenient human-vehicle interaction. At the same time, driver observation systems face substantial obstacles as they need to capture different granularities of driver states, while the complexity of such secondary activities grows with the rising automation and increased driver freedom. Furthermore, a model is rarely deployed under conditions identical to the ones in the training set, as sensor placements and types vary from vehicle to vehicle, constituting a substantial obstacle for real-life deployment of data-driven models. In this work, we present a novel vision-based framework for recognizing secondary driver behaviours based on visual transformers and an additional augmented feature distribution calibration module. This module operates in the latent feature-space enriching and diversifying the training set at feature-level in order to improve generalization to novel data appearances, (e.g., sensor changes) and general feature quality. Our framework consistently leads to better recognition rates, surpassing previous state-of-the-art results of the public Drive&amp;Act benchmark on all granularity levels. Our code will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/KPeng9510/TransDARC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 36.PUFA-GAN: A Frequency-Aware Generative Adversarial Network for 3D Point Cloud Upsampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00914.pdf)
>  We propose a generative adversarial network for point cloud upsampling, which can not only make the upsampled points evenly distributed on the underlying surface but also efficiently generate clean high frequency regions. The generator of our network includes a dynamic graph hierarchical residual aggregation unit and a hierarchical residual aggregation unit for point feature extraction and upsampling, respectively. The former extracts multiscale point-wise descriptive features, while the latter captures rich feature details with hierarchical residuals. To generate neat edges, our discriminator uses a graph filter to extract and retain high frequency points. The generated high resolution point cloud and corresponding high frequency points help the discriminator learn the global and high frequency properties of the point cloud. We also propose an identity distribution loss function to make sure that the upsampled points remain on the underlying surface of the input low resolution point cloud. To assess the regularity of the upsampled points in high frequency regions, we introduce two evaluation metrics. Objective and subjective results demonstrate that the visual quality of the upsampled point clouds generated by our method is better than that of the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 37.A Principled Design of Image Representation: Towards Forensic Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00913.pdf)
>  Image forensics is a rising topic as the trustworthy multimedia content is critical for modern society. Like other vision-related applications, forensic analysis relies heavily on the proper image representation. Despite the importance, current theoretical understanding for such representation remains limited, with varying degrees of neglect for its key role. For this gap, we attempt to investigate the forensic-oriented image representation as a distinct problem, from the perspectives of theory, implementation, and application. Our work starts from the abstraction of basic principles that the representation for forensics should satisfy, especially revealing the criticality of robustness, interpretability, and coverage. At the theoretical level, we propose a new representation framework for forensics, called Dense Invariant Representation (DIR), which is characterized by stable description with mathematical guarantees. At the implementation level, the discrete calculation problems of DIR are discussed, and the corresponding accurate and fast solutions are designed with generic nature and constant complexity. We demonstrate the above arguments on the dense-domain pattern detection and matching experiments, providing comparison results with state-of-the-art descriptors. Also, at the application level, the proposed DIR is initially explored in passive and active forensics, namely copy-move forgery detection and perceptual hashing, exhibiting the benefits in fulfilling the requirements of such forensic tasks.      
### 38.A Split Semantic Detection Algorithm for Psychological Sandplay Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00907.pdf)
>  Psychological sandplay, as an important psychological analysis tool, is a visual scene constructed by the tester selecting and placing sand objects (e.g., sand, river, human figures, animals, vegetation, buildings, etc.). As the projection of the tester's inner world, it contains high-level semantic information reflecting the tester's thoughts and feelings. Most of the existing computer vision technologies focus on the objective basic semantics (e.g., object's name, attribute, boundingbox, etc.) in the natural image, while few related works pay attention to the subjective psychological semantics (e.g., emotion, thoughts, feelings, etc.) in the artificial image. We take the latter semantics as the research object, take "split" (a common psychological semantics reflecting the inner integration of testers) as the research goal, and use the method of machine learning to realize the automatic detection of split semantics, so as to explore the application of machine learning in the detection of subjective psychological semantics of sandplay images. To this end, we present a feature dimensionality reduction and extraction algorithm to obtain a one-dimensional vector representing the split feature, and build the split semantic detector based on Multilayer Perceptron network to get the detection results. Experimental results on the real sandplay datasets show the effectiveness of our proposed algorithm.      
### 39.Dense Voxel Fusion for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00871.pdf)
>  Camera and LiDAR sensor modalities provide complementary appearance and geometric information useful for detecting 3D objects for autonomous vehicle applications. However, current fusion models underperform state-of-art LiDAR-only methods on 3D object detection benchmarks. Our proposed solution, Dense Voxel Fusion (DVF) is a sequential fusion method that generates multi-scale multi-modal dense voxel feature representations, improving expressiveness in low point density regions. To enhance multi-modal learning, we train directly with ground truth 2D bounding box labels, avoiding noisy, detector-specific, 2D predictions. Additionally, we use LiDAR ground truth sampling to simulate missed 2D detections and to accelerate training convergence. Both DVF and the multi-modal training approaches can be applied to any voxel-based LiDAR backbone without introducing additional learnable parameters. DVF outperforms existing sparse fusion detectors, ranking $1^{st}$ among all published fusion methods on KITTI's 3D car detection benchmark at the time of submission and significantly improves 3D vehicle detection performance of voxel-based methods on the Waymo Open Dataset. We also show that our proposed multi-modal training strategy results in better generalization compared to training using erroneous 2D predictions.      
### 40.Hybrid Optimized Deep Convolution Neural Network based Learning Model for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00869.pdf)
>  Object identification is one of the most fundamental and difficult issues in computer vision. It aims to discover object instances in real pictures from a huge number of established categories. In recent years, deep learning-based object detection techniques that developed from computer vision have grabbed the public's interest. Object recognition methods based on deep learning frameworks have quickly become a popular way to interpret moving images acquired by various sensors. Due to its vast variety of applications for various computer vision tasks such as activity or event detection, content-based image retrieval, and scene understanding, academics have spent decades attempting to solve this problem. With this goal in mind, a unique deep learning classification technique is used to create an autonomous object detecting system. The noise destruction and normalising operations, which are carried out using gaussian filter and contrast normalisation techniques, respectively, are the first steps in the study activity. The pre-processed picture is next subjected to entropy-based segmentation algorithms, which separate the image's significant areas in order to distinguish between distinct occurrences. The classification challenge is completed by the suggested Hybrid Optimized Dense Convolutional Neural Network (HODCNN). The major goal of this framework is to aid in the precise recognition of distinct items from the gathered input frames. The suggested system's performance is assessed by comparing it to existing machine learning and deep learning methodologies. The experimental findings reveal that the suggested framework has a detection accuracy of 0.9864, which is greater than current techniques. As a result, the suggested object detection model outperforms other current methods.      
### 41.Incremental Transformer Structure Enhanced Image Inpainting with Masking Positional Encoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00867.pdf)
>  Image inpainting has made significant advances in recent years. However, it is still challenging to recover corrupted images with both vivid textures and reasonable structures. Some specific methods only tackle regular textures while losing holistic structures due to the limited receptive fields of convolutional neural networks (CNNs). On the other hand, attention-based models can learn better long-range dependency for the structure recovery, but they are limited by the heavy computation for inference with large image sizes. To address these issues, we propose to leverage an additional structure restorer to facilitate the image inpainting incrementally. The proposed model restores holistic image structures with a powerful attention-based transformer model in a fixed low-resolution sketch space. Such a grayscale space is easy to be upsampled to larger scales to convey correct structural information. Our structure restorer can be integrated with other pretrained inpainting models efficiently with the zero-initialized residual addition. Furthermore, a masking positional encoding strategy is utilized to improve the performance with large irregular masks. Extensive experiments on various datasets validate the efficacy of our model compared with other competitors. Our codes are released in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DQiaole/ZITS_inpainting" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 42.SEA: Bridging the Gap Between One- and Two-stage Detector Distillation via SEmantic-aware Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00862.pdf)
>  We revisit the one- and two-stage detector distillation tasks and present a simple and efficient semantic-aware framework to fill the gap between them. We address the pixel-level imbalance problem by designing the category anchor to produce a representative pattern for each category and regularize the topological distance between pixels and category anchors to further tighten their semantic bonds. We name our method SEA (SEmantic-aware Alignment) distillation given the nature of abstracting dense fine-grained information by semantic reliance to well facilitate distillation efficacy. SEA is well adapted to either detection pipeline and achieves new state-of-the-art results on the challenging COCO object detection task on both one- and two-stage detectors. Its superior performance on instance segmentation further manifests the generalization ability. Both 2x-distilled RetinaNet and FCOS with ResNet50-FPN outperform their corresponding 3x ResNet101-FPN teacher, arriving 40.64 and 43.06 AP, respectively. Code will be made publicly available.      
### 43.Styleverse: Towards Identity Stylization across Heterogeneous Domains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00861.pdf)
>  We propose a new challenging task namely IDentity Stylization (IDS) across heterogeneous domains. IDS focuses on stylizing the content identity, rather than completely swapping it using the reference identity. We use an effective heterogeneous-network-based framework $Styleverse$ that uses a single domain-aware generator to exploit the Metaverse of diverse heterogeneous faces, based on the proposed dataset FS13 with limited data. FS13 means 13 kinds of Face Styles considering diverse lighting conditions, art representations and life dimensions. Previous similar tasks, \eg, image style transfer can handle textural style transfer based on a reference image. This task usually ignores the high structure-aware facial area and high-fidelity preservation of the content. However, Styleverse intends to controllably create topology-aware faces in the Parallel Style Universe, where the source facial identity is adaptively styled via AdaIN guided by the domain-aware and reference-aware style embeddings from heterogeneous pretrained models. We first establish the IDS quantitative benchmark as well as the qualitative Styleverse matrix. Extensive experiments demonstrate that Styleverse achieves higher-fidelity identity stylization compared with other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 44.D^2ETR: Decoder-Only DETR with Computationally Efficient Cross-Scale Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00860.pdf)
>  DETR is the first fully end-to-end detector that predicts a final set of predictions without post-processing. However, it suffers from problems such as low performance and slow convergence. A series of works aim to tackle these issues in different ways, but the computational cost is yet expensive due to the sophisticated encoder-decoder architecture. To alleviate this issue, we propose a decoder-only detector called D^2ETR. In the absence of encoder, the decoder directly attends to the fine-fused feature maps generated by the Transformer backbone with a novel computationally efficient cross-scale attention module. D^2ETR demonstrates low computational complexity and high detection accuracy in evaluations on the COCO benchmark, outperforming DETR and its variants.      
### 45.MixSTE: Seq2seq Mixed Spatio-Temporal Encoder for 3D Human Pose Estimation in Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00859.pdf)
>  Recent transformer-based solutions have been introduced to estimate 3D human pose from 2D keypoint sequence by considering body joints among all frames globally to learn spatio-temporal correlation. We observe that the motions of different joints differ significantly. However, the previous methods cannot efficiently model the solid inter-frame correspondence of each joint, leading to insufficient learning of spatial-temporal correlation. We propose MixSTE (Mixed Spatio-Temporal Encoder), which has a temporal transformer block to separately model the temporal motion of each joint and a spatial transformer block to learn inter-joint spatial correlation. These two blocks are utilized alternately to obtain better spatio-temporal feature encoding. In addition, the network output is extended from the central frame to entire frames of the input video, thereby improving the coherence between the input and output sequences. Extensive experiments are conducted on three benchmarks (i.e. Human3.6M, MPI-INF-3DHP, and HumanEva) to evaluate the proposed method. The results show that our model outperforms the state-of-the-art approach by 10.9% P-MPJPE and 7.6% MPJPE on the Human3.6M dataset. Code is available.      
### 46.Clean-Annotation Backdoor Attack against Lane Detection Systems in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00858.pdf)
>  We present the first backdoor attack against the lane detection systems in the physical world. Modern autonomous vehicles adopt various deep learning methods to train lane detection models, making it challenging to devise a universal backdoor attack technique. In our solution, (1) we propose a novel semantic trigger design, which leverages the traffic cones with specific poses and locations to activate the backdoor. Such trigger can be easily realized under the physical setting, and looks very natural not to be detected. (2) We introduce a new clean-annotation approach to generate poisoned samples. These samples have correct annotations but are still capable of embedding the backdoor to the model. Comprehensive evaluations on public datasets and physical autonomous vehicles demonstrate that our backdoor attack is effective, stealthy and robust.      
### 47.X-Trans2Cap: Cross-Modal Knowledge Transfer using Transformer for 3D Dense Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00843.pdf)
>  3D dense captioning aims to describe individual objects by natural language in 3D scenes, where 3D scenes are usually represented as RGB-D scans or point clouds. However, only exploiting single modal information, e.g., point cloud, previous approaches fail to produce faithful descriptions. Though aggregating 2D features into point clouds may be beneficial, it introduces an extra computational burden, especially in inference phases. In this study, we investigate a cross-modal knowledge transfer using Transformer for 3D dense captioning, X-Trans2Cap, to effectively boost the performance of single-modal 3D caption through knowledge distillation using a teacher-student framework. In practice, during the training phase, the teacher network exploits auxiliary 2D modality and guides the student network that only takes point clouds as input through the feature consistency constraints. Owing to the well-designed cross-modal feature fusion module and the feature alignment in the training phase, X-Trans2Cap acquires rich appearance information embedded in 2D images with ease. Thus, a more faithful caption can be generated only using point clouds during the inference. Qualitative and quantitative results confirm that X-Trans2Cap outperforms previous state-of-the-art by a large margin, i.e., about +21 and about +16 absolute CIDEr score on ScanRefer and Nr3D datasets, respectively.      
### 48.OmniFusion: 360 Monocular Depth Estimation via Geometry-Aware Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00838.pdf)
>  A well-known challenge in applying deep-learning methods to omnidirectional images is spherical distortion. In dense regression tasks such as depth estimation, where structural details are required, using a vanilla CNN layer on the distorted 360 image results in undesired information loss. In this paper, we propose a 360 monocular depth estimation pipeline, \textit{OmniFusion}, to tackle the spherical distortion issue. Our pipeline transforms a 360 image into less-distorted perspective patches (i.e. tangent images) to obtain patch-wise predictions via CNN, and then merge the patch-wise results for final output. To handle the discrepancy between patch-wise predictions which is a major issue affecting the merging quality, we propose a new framework with the following key components. First, we propose a geometry-aware feature fusion mechanism that combines 3D geometric features with 2D image features to compensate for the patch-wise discrepancy. Second, we employ the self-attention-based transformer architecture to conduct a global aggregation of patch-wise information, which further improves the consistency. Last, we introduce an iterative depth refinement mechanism, to further refine the estimated depth based on the more accurate geometric features. Experiments show that our method greatly mitigates the distortion issue, and achieves state-of-the-art performances on several 360 monocular depth estimation benchmark datasets.      
### 49.3DCTN: 3D Convolution-Transformer Network for Point Cloud Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00828.pdf)
>  Although accurate and fast point cloud classification is a fundamental task in 3D applications, it is difficult to achieve this purpose due to the irregularity and disorder of point clouds that make it challenging to achieve effective and efficient global discriminative feature learning. Lately, 3D Transformers have been adopted to improve point cloud processing. Nevertheless, massive Transformer layers tend to incur huge computational and memory costs. This paper presents a novel hierarchical framework that incorporates convolution with Transformer for point cloud classification, named 3D Convolution-Transformer Network (3DCTN), to combine the strong and efficient local feature learning ability of convolution with the remarkable global context modeling capability of Transformer. Our method has two main modules operating on the downsampling point sets, and each module consists of a multi-scale local feature aggregating (LFA) block and a global feature learning (GFL) block, which are implemented by using Graph Convolution and Transformer respectively. We also conduct a detailed investigation on a series of Transformer variants to explore better performance for our network. Various experiments on ModelNet40 demonstrate that our method achieves state-of-the-art classification performance, in terms of both accuracy and efficiency.      
### 50.Robust Seatbelt Detection and Usage Recognition for Driver Monitoring Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00810.pdf)
>  Wearing a seatbelt appropriately while driving can reduce serious crash-related injuries or deaths by about half. However, current seatbelt reminder system has multiple shortcomings, such as can be easily fooled by a "Seatbelt Warning Stopper", and cannot recognize incorrect usages for example seating in front of a buckled seatbelt or wearing a seatbelt under the arm. General seatbelt usage recognition has many challenges, to name a few, lacking of color information in Infrared (IR) cameras, strong distortion caused by wide Field of View (FoV) fisheye lens, low contrast between belt and its background, occlusions caused by hands or hair, and imaging blurry. In this paper, we introduce a novel general seatbelt detection and usage recognition framework to resolve the above challenges. Our method consists of three components: a local predictor, a global assembler, and a shape modeling process. Our approach can be applied to the driver in the Driver Monitoring System (DMS) or general passengers in the Occupant Monitoring System (OMS) for various camera modalities. Experiment results on both DMS and OMS are provided to demonstrate the accuracy and robustness of the proposed approach.      
### 51.Instance-aware multi-object self-supervision for monocular depth prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00809.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a self-supervised monocular image-to-depth prediction framework that is trained with an end-to-end photometric loss that handles not only 6-DOF camera motion but also 6-DOF moving object instances. Self-supervision is performed by warping the images across a video sequence using depth and scene motion including object instances. One novelty of the proposed method is the use of a multi-head attention of the transformer network that matches moving objects across time and models their interaction and dynamics. This enables accurate and robust pose estimation for each object instance. Most image-to-depth predication frameworks make the assumption of rigid scenes, which largely degrades their performance with respect to dynamic objects. Only a few SOTA papers have accounted for dynamic objects. The proposed method is shown to largely outperform these methods on standard benchmarks and the impact of the dynamic motion on these benchmarks is exposed. Furthermore, the proposed image-to-depth prediction framework is also shown to outperform SOTA video-to-depth prediction frameworks.      
### 52.InCloud: Incremental Learning for Point Cloud Place Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00807.pdf)
>  Place recognition is a fundamental component of robotics, and has seen tremendous improvements through the use of deep learning models in recent years. Networks can experience significant drops in performance when deployed in unseen or highly dynamic environments, and require additional training on the collected data. However naively fine-tuning on new training distributions can cause severe degradation of performance on previously visited domains, a phenomenon known as catastrophic forgetting. In this paper we address the problem of incremental learning for point cloud place recognition and introduce InCloud, a structure-aware distillation-based approach which preserves the higher-order structure of the network's embedding space. We introduce several challenging new benchmarks on four popular and large-scale LiDAR datasets (Oxford, MulRan, In-house and KITTI) showing broad improvements in point cloud place recognition performance over a variety of network architectures. To the best of our knowledge, this work is the first to effectively apply incremental learning for point cloud place recognition.      
### 53.Unified Physical Threat Monitoring System Aided by Virtual Building Simulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00789.pdf)
>  With increasing physical threats in recent years targeted at critical infrastructures, it is crucial to establish a reliable threat monitoring system integrating video surveillance and digital sensors based on cutting-edge technologies. A physical threat monitoring solution unifying the floorplan, cameras, and sensors for smart buildings has been set up in our study. Computer vision and deep learning models are used for video streams analysis. When a threat is detected by a rule engine based on the real-time analysis results combining with feedback from related digital sensors, an alert is sent to the Video Management System so that human operators can take further action. A physical threat monitoring system typically needs to address complex and even destructive incidents, such as fire, which is unrealistic to simulate in real life. Restrictions imposed during the Covid-19 pandemic and privacy concerns have added to the challenges. Our study utilises the Unreal Engine to simulate some typical suspicious and intrusion scenes with photorealistic qualities in the context of a virtual building. Add-on programs are implemented to transfer the video stream from virtual PTZ cameras to the Milestone Video Management System and enable users to control those cameras from the graphic client application. Virtual sensors such as fire alarms, temperature sensors and door access controls are implemented similarly, fulfilling the same programmatic VMS interface as real-life sensors. Thanks to this simulation system's extensibility and repeatability, we have consolidated this unified physical threat monitoring system and verified its effectiveness and user-friendliness. Both the simulated Unreal scenes and the software add-ons developed during this study are highly modulated and thereby are ready for reuse in future projects in this area.      
### 54.Image analysis for automatic measurement of crustose lichens  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00787.pdf)
>  Lichens, organisms resulting from a symbiosis between a fungus and an algae, are frequently used as age estimators, especially in recent geological deposits and archaeological structures, using the correlation between lichen size and age. Current non-automated manual lichen and measurement (with ruler, calipers or using digital image processing tools) is a time-consuming and laborious process, especially when the number of samples is high. <br>This work presents a workflow and set of image acquisition and processing tools developed to efficiently identify lichen thalli in flat rocky surfaces, and to produce relevant lichen size statistics (percentage cover, number of thalli, their area and perimeter). <br>The developed workflow uses a regular digital camera for image capture along with specially designed targets to allow for automatic image correction and scale assignment. After this step, lichen identification is done in a flow comprising assisted image segmentation and classification based on interactive foreground extraction tool (GrabCut) and automatic classification of images using Simple Linear Iterative Clustering (SLIC) for image segmentation and Support Vector Machines (SV) and Random Forest classifiers. <br>Initial evaluation shows promising results. The manual classification of images (for training) using GrabCut show an average speedup of 4 if compared with currently used techniques and presents an average precision of 95\%. The automatic classification using SLIC and SVM with default parameters produces results with average precision higher than 70\%. The developed system is flexible and allows a considerable reduction of processing time, the workflow allows it applicability to data sets of new lichen populations.      
### 55.Low-Cost On-device Partial Domain Adaptation (LoCO-PDA): Enabling efficient CNN retraining on edge devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00772.pdf)
>  With the increased deployment of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) on edge devices, the uncertainty of the observed data distribution upon deployment has led researchers to to utilise large and extensive datasets such as ILSVRC'12 to train CNNs. Consequently, it is likely that the observed data distribution upon deployment is a subset of the training data distribution. In such cases, not adapting a network to the observed data distribution can cause performance degradation due to negative transfer and alleviating this is the focus of Partial Domain Adaptation (PDA). Current works targeting PDA do not focus on performing the domain adaptation on an edge device, adapting to a changing target distribution or reducing the cost of deploying the adapted network. This work proposes a novel PDA methodology that targets all of these directions and opens avenues for on-device PDA. LoCO-PDA adapts a deployed network to the observed data distribution by enabling it to be retrained on an edge device. Across subsets of the ILSVRC12 dataset, LoCO-PDA improves classification accuracy by 3.04pp on average while achieving up to 15.1x reduction in retraining memory consumption and 2.07x improvement in inference latency on the NVIDIA Jetson TX2. The work is open-sourced at \emph{link removed for anonymity}.      
### 56.There is a Time and Place for Reasoning Beyond the Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00758.pdf)
>  Images are often more significant than only the pixels to human eyes, as we can infer, associate, and reason with contextual information from other sources to establish a more complete picture. For example, in Figure 1, we can find a way to identify the news articles related to the picture through segment-wise understandings on the signs, the buildings, the crowds, and more. This tells us the time when and the location where the image is taken, which will help us in subsequent tasks, such as evidence retrieval for criminal activities, automatic storyline construction, and upper-stream processing such as image clustering. In this work, we formulate this problem and introduce TARA: a dataset with 16k images with their associated news, time and location automatically extracted from New York Times (NYT), and an additional 61k examples as distant supervision from WIT. On top of the extractions, we present a crowdsourced subset in which images are believed to be feasible to find their spatio-temporal information for evaluation purpose. We show that there exists a 70% gap between a state-of-the-art joint model and human performance, which is slightly filled by our proposed model that uses segment-wise reasoning, motivating higher-level vision-language joint models that can conduct open-ended reasoning with world knowledge.      
### 57.Runtime Detection of Executional Errors in Robot-Assisted Surgery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00737.pdf)
>  Despite significant developments in the design of surgical robots and automated techniques for objective evaluation of surgical skills, there are still challenges in ensuring safety in robot-assisted minimally-invasive surgery (RMIS). This paper presents a runtime monitoring system for the detection of executional errors during surgical tasks through the analysis of kinematic data. The proposed system incorporates dual Siamese neural networks and knowledge of surgical context, including surgical tasks and gestures, their distributional similarities, and common error modes, to learn the differences between normal and erroneous surgical trajectories from small training datasets. We evaluate the performance of the error detection using Siamese networks compared to single CNN and LSTM networks trained with different levels of contextual knowledge and training data, using the dry-lab demonstrations of the Suturing and Needle Passing tasks from the JIGSAWS dataset. Our results show that gesture specific task nonspecific Siamese networks obtain micro F1 scores of 0.94 (Siamese-CNN) and 0.95 (Siamese-LSTM), and perform better than single CNN (0.86) and LSTM (0.87) networks. These Siamese networks also outperform gesture nonspecific task specific Siamese-CNN and Siamese-LSTM models for Suturing and Needle Passing.      
### 58.3D Skeleton-based Human Motion Prediction with Manifold-Aware GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00736.pdf)
>  In this work we propose a novel solution for 3D skeleton-based human motion prediction. The objective of this task consists in forecasting future human poses based on a prior skeleton pose sequence. This involves solving two main challenges still present in recent literature; (1) discontinuity of the predicted motion which results in unrealistic motions and (2) performance deterioration in long-term horizons resulting from error accumulation across time. We tackle these issues by using a compact manifold-valued representation of 3D human skeleton motion. Specifically, we model the temporal evolution of the 3D poses as trajectory, what allows us to map human motions to single points on a sphere manifold. Using such a compact representation avoids error accumulation and provides robust representation for long-term prediction while ensuring the smoothness and the coherence of the whole motion. To learn these non-Euclidean representations, we build a manifold-aware Wasserstein generative adversarial model that captures the temporal and spatial dependencies of human motion through different losses. Experiments have been conducted on CMU MoCap and Human 3.6M datasets and demonstrate the superiority of our approach over the state-of-the-art both in short and long term horizons. The smoothness of the generated motion is highlighted in the qualitative results.      
### 59.Knock, knock. Who's there? -- Identifying football player jersey numbers with synthetic data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00734.pdf)
>  Automatic player identification is an essential and complex task in sports video analysis. Different strategies have been devised over the years, but identification based on jersey numbers is one of the most common approaches given its versatility and relative simplicity. However, automatic detection of jersey numbers is still challenging due to changing camera angles, low video resolution, small object size in wide-range shots and transient changes in the player's posture and movement. In this paper we present a novel approach for jersey number identification in a small, highly imbalanced dataset from the Seattle Seahawks practice videos. Our results indicate that simple models can achieve an acceptable performance on the jersey number detection task and that synthetic data can improve the performance dramatically (accuracy increase of ~9% overall, ~18% on low frequency numbers) making our approach achieve state of the art results.      
### 60.HighMMT: Towards Modality and Task Generalization for High-Modality Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01311.pdf)
>  Learning multimodal representations involves discovering correspondences and integrating information from multiple heterogeneous sources of data. While recent research has begun to explore the design of more general-purpose multimodal models (contrary to prior focus on domain and modality-specific architectures), these methods are still largely focused on a small set of modalities in the language, vision, and audio space. In order to accelerate generalization towards diverse and understudied modalities, we investigate methods for high-modality (a large set of diverse modalities) and partially-observable (each task only defined on a small subset of modalities) scenarios. To tackle these challenges, we design a general multimodal model that enables multitask and transfer learning: multitask learning with shared parameters enables stable parameter counts (addressing scalability), and cross-modal transfer learning enables information sharing across modalities and tasks (addressing partial observability). Our resulting model generalizes across text, image, video, audio, time-series, sensors, tables, and set modalities from different research areas, improves the tradeoff between performance and efficiency, transfers to new modalities and tasks, and reveals surprising insights on the nature of information sharing in multitask models. We release our code and benchmarks which we hope will present a unified platform for subsequent theoretical and empirical analysis: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/pliang279/HighMMT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 61.Half Wavelet Attention on M-Net+ for Low-Light Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01296.pdf)
>  Low-Light Image Enhancement is a computer vision task which intensifies the dark images to appropriate brightness. It can also be seen as an ill-posed problem in image restoration domain. With the success of deep neural networks, the convolutional neural networks surpass the traditional algorithm-based methods and become the mainstream in the computer vision area. To advance the performance of enhancement algorithms, we propose an image enhancement network (HWMNet) based on an improved hierarchical model: M-Net+. Specifically, we use a half wavelet attention block on M-Net+ to enrich the features from wavelet domain. Furthermore, our HWMNet has competitive performance results on two image enhancement datasets in terms of quantitative metrics and visual quality. The source code and pretrained model are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/FanChiMao/HWMNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 62.Differentiable IFS Fractals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01231.pdf)
>  I present my explorations in rendering Iterated Function System (IFS) fractals using a differentiable rendering pipeline. Differentiable rendering is a recent innovation at the intersection of graphics and machine learning. This opens up many possibilities for generating fractals that meet particular criteria. In this paper I show how my method can be used to generate an IFS fractal that resembles a target image.      
### 63.A Simple and Universal Rotation Equivariant Point-cloud Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01216.pdf)
>  Equivariance to permutations and rigid motions is an important inductive bias for various 3D learning problems. Recently it has been shown that the equivariant Tensor Field Network architecture is universal -- it can approximate any equivariant function. In this paper we suggest a much simpler architecture, prove that it enjoys the same universality guarantees and evaluate its performance on Modelnet40. The code to reproduce our experiments is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/simpleinvariance/UniversalNetwork" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 64.Fast and Robust Ground Surface Estimation from LIDAR Measurements using Uniform B-Splines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01180.pdf)
>  We propose a fast and robust method to estimate the ground surface from LIDAR measurements on an automated vehicle. The ground surface is modeled as a UBS which is robust towards varying measurement densities and with a single parameter controlling the smoothness prior. We model the estimation process as a robust LS optimization problem which can be reformulated as a linear problem and thus solved efficiently. Using the SemanticKITTI data set, we conduct a quantitative evaluation by classifying the point-wise semantic annotations into ground and non-ground points. Finally, we validate the approach on our research vehicle in real-world scenarios.      
### 65.Shape constrained CNN for segmentation guided prediction of myocardial shape and pose parameters in cardiac MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.01089.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) is the state-of-the-art for many medical image segmentation tasks including myocardial segmentation in cardiac MR images. However, the predicted segmentation maps obtained from such standard CNN do not allow direct quantification of regional shape properties such as regional wall thickness. Furthermore, the CNNs lack explicit shape constraints, occasionally resulting in unrealistic segmentations. In this paper, we use a CNN to predict shape parameters of an underlying statistical shape model of the myocardium learned from a training set of images. Additionally, the cardiac pose is predicted, which allows to reconstruct the myocardial contours. The integrated shape model regularizes the predicted contours and guarantees realistic shapes. We enforce robustness of shape and pose prediction by simultaneously performing pixel-wise semantic segmentation during training and define two loss functions to impose consistency between the two predicted representations: one distance-based loss and one overlap-based loss. We evaluated the proposed method in a 5-fold cross validation on an in-house clinical dataset with 75 subjects and on the ACDC and LVQuan19 public datasets. We show the benefits of simultaneous semantic segmentation and the two newly defined loss functions for the prediction of shape parameters. Our method achieved a correlation of 99% for left ventricular (LV) area on the three datasets, between 91% and 97% for myocardial area, 98-99% for LV dimensions and between 80% and 92% for regional wall thickness.      
### 66.Sketched RT3D: How to reconstruct billions of photons per second  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00952.pdf)
>  Single-photon light detection and ranging (lidar) captures depth and intensity information of a 3D scene. Reconstructing a scene from observed photons is a challenging task due to spurious detections associated with background illumination sources. To tackle this problem, there is a plethora of 3D reconstruction algorithms which exploit spatial regularity of natural scenes to provide stable reconstructions. However, most existing algorithms have computational and memory complexity proportional to the number of recorded photons. This complexity hinders their real-time deployment on modern lidar arrays which acquire billions of photons per second. Leveraging a recent lidar sketching framework, we show that it is possible to modify existing reconstruction algorithms such that they only require a small sketch of the photon information. In particular, we propose a sketched version of a recent state-of-the-art algorithm which uses point cloud denoisers to provide spatially regularized reconstructions. A series of experiments performed on real lidar datasets demonstrates a significant reduction of execution time and memory requirements, while achieving the same reconstruction performance than in the full data case.      
### 67.CD-GAN: a robust fusion-based generative adversarial network for unsupervised change detection between heterogeneous images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00948.pdf)
>  In the context of Earth observation, the detection of changes is performed from multitemporal images acquired by sensors with possibly different characteristics and modalities. Even when restricting to the optical modality, this task has proved to be challenging as soon as the sensors provide images of different spatial and/or spectral resolutions. This paper proposes a novel unsupervised change detection method dedicated to such so-called heterogeneous optical images. This method capitalizes on recent advances which frame the change detection problem into a robust fusion framework. More precisely, we show that a deep adversarial network designed and trained beforehand to fuse a pair of multiband images can be easily complemented by a network with the same architecture to perform change detection. The resulting overall architecture itself follows an adversarial strategy where the fusion network and the additional network are interpreted as essential building blocks of a generator. A comparison with state-of-the-art change detection methods demonstrate the versatility and the effectiveness of the proposed approach.      
### 68.Parameterized Image Quality Score Distribution Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00926.pdf)
>  Recently, image quality has been generally describedby a mean opinion score (MOS). However, we observe that thequality scores of an image given by a group of subjects are verysubjective and diverse. Thus it is not enough to use a MOS todescribe the image quality. In this paper, we propose to describeimage quality using a parameterized distribution rather thana MOS, and an objective method is also proposed to predictthe image quality score distribution (IQSD). At first, the LIVEdatabase is re-recorded. Specifically, we have invited a largegroup of subjects to evaluate the quality of all images in theLIVE database, and each image is evaluated by a large numberof subjects (187 valid subjects), whose scores can form a reliableIQSD. By analyzing the obtained subjective quality scores, wefind that the IQSD can be well modeled by an alpha stable model,and it can reflect much more information than a single MOS, suchas the skewness of opinion score, the subject diversity and themaximum probability score for an image. Therefore, we proposeto model the IQSD using the alpha stable model. Moreover, wepropose a framework and an algorithm to predict the alphastable model based IQSD, where quality features are extractedfrom each image based on structural information and statisticalinformation, and support vector regressors are trained to predictthe alpha stable model parameters. Experimental results verifythe feasibility of using alpha stable model to describe the IQSD,and prove the effectiveness of objective alpha stable model basedIQSD prediction method.      
### 69.Translation Invariant Global Estimation of Heading Angle Using Sinogram of LiDAR Point Cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00924.pdf)
>  Global point cloud registration is an essential module for localization, of which the main difficulty exists in estimating the rotation globally without initial value. With the aid of gravity alignment, the degree of freedom in point cloud registration could be reduced to 4DoF, in which only the heading angle is required for rotation estimation. In this paper, we propose a fast and accurate global heading angle estimation method for gravity-aligned point clouds. Our key idea is that we generate a translation invariant representation based on Radon Transform, allowing us to solve the decoupled heading angle globally with circular cross-correlation. Besides, for heading angle estimation between point clouds with different distributions, we implement this heading angle estimator as a differentiable module to train a feature extraction network end- to-end. The experimental results validate the effectiveness of the proposed method in heading angle estimation and show better performance compared with other methods.      
### 70.Towards Bidirectional Arbitrary Image Rescaling: Joint Optimization and Cycle Idempotence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00911.pdf)
>  Deep learning based single image super-resolution models have been widely studied and superb results are achieved in upscaling low-resolution images with fixed scale factor and downscaling degradation kernel. To improve real world applicability of such models, there are growing interests to develop models optimized for arbitrary upscaling factors. Our proposed method is the first to treat arbitrary rescaling, both upscaling and downscaling, as one unified process. Using joint optimization of both directions, the proposed model is able to learn upscaling and downscaling simultaneously and achieve bidirectional arbitrary image rescaling. It improves the performance of current arbitrary upscaling models by a large margin while at the same time learns to maintain visual perception quality in downscaled images. The proposed model is further shown to be robust in cycle idempotence test, free of severe degradations in reconstruction accuracy when the downscaling-to-upscaling cycle is applied repetitively. This robustness is beneficial for image rescaling in the wild when this cycle could be applied to one image for multiple times. It also performs well on tests with arbitrary large scales and asymmetric scales, even when the model is not trained with such tasks. Extensive experiments are conducted to demonstrate the superior performance of our model.      
### 71.Can No-reference features help in Full-reference image quality estimation?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00845.pdf)
>  Development of perceptual image quality assessment (IQA) metrics has been of significant interest to computer vision community. The aim of these metrics is to model quality of an image as perceived by humans. Recent works in Full-reference IQA research perform pixelwise comparison between deep features corresponding to query and reference images for quality prediction. However, pixelwise feature comparison may not be meaningful if distortion present in query image is severe. In this context, we explore utilization of no-reference features in Full-reference IQA task. Our model consists of both full-reference and no-reference branches. Full-reference branches use both distorted and reference images, whereas No-reference branch only uses distorted image. Our experiments show that use of no-reference features boosts performance of image quality assessment. Our model achieves higher SRCC and KRCC scores than a number of state-of-the-art algorithms on KADID-10K and PIPAL datasets.      
### 72.GSC Loss: A Gaussian Score Calibrating Loss for Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00833.pdf)
>  Cross entropy (CE) loss integrated with softmax is an orthodox component in most classification-based frameworks, but it fails to obtain an accurate probability distribution of predicted scores that is critical for further decision-making of poor-classified samples. The prediction score calibration provides a solution to learn the distribution of predicted scores which can explicitly make the model obtain a discriminative representation. Considering the entropy function can be utilized to measure the uncertainty of predicted scores. But, the gradient variation of it is not in line with the expectations of model optimization. To this end, we proposed a general Gaussian Score Calibrating (GSC) loss to calibrate the predicted scores produced by the deep neural networks (DNN). Extensive experiments on over 10 benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed GSC loss can yield consistent and significant performance boosts in a variety of visual tasks. Notably, our label-independent GSC loss can be embedded into common improved methods based on the CE loss easily.      
### 73.Stable, accurate and efficient deep neural networks for inverse problems with analysis-sparse models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00804.pdf)
>  Solving inverse problems is a fundamental component of science, engineering and mathematics. With the advent of deep learning, deep neural networks have significant potential to outperform existing state-of-the-art, model-based methods for solving inverse problems. However, it is known that current data-driven approaches face several key issues, notably instabilities and hallucinations, with potential impact in critical tasks such as medical imaging. This raises the key question of whether or not one can construct stable and accurate deep neural networks for inverse problems. In this work, we present a novel construction of an accurate, stable and efficient neural network for inverse problems with general analysis-sparse models. To construct the network, we unroll NESTA, an accelerated first-order method for convex optimization. Combined with a compressed sensing analysis, we prove accuracy and stability. Finally, a restart scheme is employed to enable exponential decay of the required network depth, yielding a shallower, and consequently more efficient, network. We showcase this approach in the case of Fourier imaging, and verify its stability and performance via a series of numerical experiments. The key impact of this work is to provide theoretical guarantees for computing and developing stable neural networks in practice.      
### 74.Tricks and Plugins to GBM on Images and Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00761.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and transformers, which are composed of multiple processing layers and blocks to learn the representations of data with multiple abstract levels, are the most successful machine learning models in recent years. However, millions of parameters and many blocks make them difficult to be trained, and sometimes several days or weeks are required to find an ideal architecture or tune the parameters. Within this paper, we propose a new algorithm for boosting Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (BoostCNN) to combine the merits of dynamic feature selection and BoostCNN, and another new family of algorithms combining boosting and transformers. To learn these new models, we introduce subgrid selection and importance sampling strategies and propose a set of algorithms to incorporate boosting weights into a deep learning architecture based on a least squares objective function. These algorithms not only reduce the required manual effort for finding an appropriate network architecture but also result in superior performance and lower running time. Experiments show that the proposed methods outperform benchmarks on several fine-grained classification tasks.      
