# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 16 Mar 2022
### 1.Object Manipulation via Visual Target Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08141.pdf)
>  Object manipulation is a critical skill required for Embodied AI agents interacting with the world around them. Training agents to manipulate objects, poses many challenges. These include occlusion of the target object by the agent's arm, noisy object detection and localization, and the target frequently going out of view as the agent moves around in the scene. We propose Manipulation via Visual Object Location Estimation (m-VOLE), an approach that explores the environment in search for target objects, computes their 3D coordinates once they are located, and then continues to estimate their 3D locations even when the objects are not visible, thus robustly aiding the task of manipulating these objects throughout the episode. Our evaluations show a massive 3x improvement in success rate over a model that has access to the same sensory suite but is trained without the object location estimator, and our analysis shows that our agent is robust to noise in depth perception and agent localization. Importantly, our proposed approach relaxes several assumptions about idealized localization and perception that are commonly employed by recent works in embodied AI -- an important step towards training agents for object manipulation in the real world.      
### 2.Learning Spatio-Temporal Downsampling for Effective Video Upscaling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08140.pdf)
>  Downsampling is one of the most basic image processing operations. Improper spatio-temporal downsampling applied on videos can cause aliasing issues such as moiré patterns in space and the wagon-wheel effect in time. Consequently, the inverse task of upscaling a low-resolution, low frame-rate video in space and time becomes a challenging ill-posed problem due to information loss and aliasing artifacts. In this paper, we aim to solve the space-time aliasing problem by learning a spatio-temporal downsampler. Towards this goal, we propose a neural network framework that jointly learns spatio-temporal downsampling and upsampling. It enables the downsampler to retain the key patterns of the original video and maximizes the reconstruction performance of the upsampler. To make the downsamping results compatible with popular image and video storage formats, the downsampling results are encoded to uint8 with a differentiable quantization layer. To fully utilize the space-time correspondences, we propose two novel modules for explicit temporal propagation and space-time feature rearrangement. Experimental results show that our proposed method significantly boosts the space-time reconstruction quality by preserving spatial textures and motion patterns in both downsampling and upscaling. Moreover, our framework enables a variety of applications, including arbitrary video resampling, blurry frame reconstruction, and efficient video storage.      
### 3.CryoAI: Amortized Inference of Poses for Ab Initio Reconstruction of 3D Molecular Volumes from Real Cryo-EM Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08138.pdf)
>  Cryo-electron microscopy (cryo-EM) has become a tool of fundamental importance in structural biology, helping us understand the basic building blocks of life. The algorithmic challenge of cryo-EM is to jointly estimate the unknown 3D poses and the 3D electron scattering potential of a biomolecule from millions of extremely noisy 2D images. Existing reconstruction algorithms, however, cannot easily keep pace with the rapidly growing size of cryo-EM datasets due to their high computational and memory cost. We introduce cryoAI, an ab initio reconstruction algorithm for homogeneous conformations that uses direct gradient-based optimization of particle poses and the electron scattering potential from single-particle cryo-EM data. CryoAI combines a learned encoder that predicts the poses of each particle image with a physics-based decoder to aggregate each particle image into an implicit representation of the scattering potential volume. This volume is stored in the Fourier domain for computational efficiency and leverages a modern coordinate network architecture for memory efficiency. Combined with a symmetrized loss function, this framework achieves results of a quality on par with state-of-the-art cryo-EM solvers for both simulated and experimental data, one order of magnitude faster for large datasets and with significantly lower memory requirements than existing methods.      
### 4.Animatable Neural Implicit Surfaces for Creating Avatars from Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08133.pdf)
>  This paper aims to reconstruct an animatable human model from a video of very sparse camera views. Some recent works represent human geometry and appearance with neural radiance fields and utilize parametric human models to produce deformation fields for animation, which enables them to recover detailed 3D human models from videos. However, their reconstruction results tend to be noisy due to the lack of surface constraints on radiance fields. Moreover, as they generate the human appearance in 3D space, their rendering quality heavily depends on the accuracy of deformation fields. To solve these problems, we propose Animatable Neural Implicit Surface (AniSDF), which models the human geometry with a signed distance field and defers the appearance generation to the 2D image space with a 2D neural renderer. The signed distance field naturally regularizes the learned geometry, enabling the high-quality reconstruction of human bodies, which can be further used to improve the rendering speed. Moreover, the 2D neural renderer can be learned to compensate for geometric errors, making the rendering more robust to inaccurate deformations. Experiments on several datasets show that the proposed approach outperforms recent human reconstruction and synthesis methods by a large margin.      
### 5.One Network Doesn't Rule Them All: Moving Beyond Handcrafted Architectures in Self-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08130.pdf)
>  The current literature on self-supervised learning (SSL) focuses on developing learning objectives to train neural networks more effectively on unlabeled data. The typical development process involves taking well-established architectures, e.g., ResNet demonstrated on ImageNet, and using them to evaluate newly developed objectives on downstream scenarios. While convenient, this does not take into account the role of architectures which has been shown to be crucial in the supervised learning literature. In this work, we establish extensive empirical evidence showing that a network architecture plays a significant role in SSL. We conduct a large-scale study with over 100 variants of ResNet and MobileNet architectures and evaluate them across 11 downstream scenarios in the SSL setting. We show that there is no one network that performs consistently well across the scenarios. Based on this, we propose to learn not only network weights but also architecture topologies in the SSL regime. We show that "self-supervised architectures" outperform popular handcrafted architectures (ResNet18 and MobileNetV2) while performing competitively with the larger and computationally heavy ResNet50 on major image classification benchmarks (ImageNet-1K, iNat2021, and more). Our results suggest that it is time to consider moving beyond handcrafted architectures in SSL and start thinking about incorporating architecture search into self-supervised learning objectives.      
### 6.From 2D to 3D: Re-thinking Benchmarking of Monocular Depth Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08122.pdf)
>  There have been numerous recently proposed methods for monocular depth prediction (MDP) coupled with the equally rapid evolution of benchmarking tools. However, we argue that MDP is currently witnessing benchmark over-fitting and relying on metrics that are only partially helpful to gauge the usefulness of the predictions for 3D applications. This limits the design and development of novel methods that are truly aware of - and improving towards estimating - the 3D structure of the scene rather than optimizing 2D-based distances. In this work, we aim to bring structural awareness to MDP, an inherently 3D task, by exhibiting the limits of evaluation metrics towards assessing the quality of the 3D geometry. We propose a set of metrics well suited to evaluate the 3D geometry of MDP approaches and a novel indoor benchmark, RIO-D3D, crucial for the proposed evaluation methodology. Our benchmark is based on a real-world dataset featuring high-quality rendered depth maps obtained from RGB-D reconstructions. We further demonstrate this to help benchmark the closely-tied task of 3D scene completion.      
### 7.ARTEMIS: Attention-based Retrieval with Text-Explicit Matching and Implicit Similarity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08101.pdf)
>  An intuitive way to search for images is to use queries composed of an example image and a complementary text. While the first provides rich and implicit context for the search, the latter explicitly calls for new traits, or specifies how some elements of the example image should be changed to retrieve the desired target image. Current approaches typically combine the features of each of the two elements of the query into a single representation, which can then be compared to the ones of the potential target images. Our work aims at shedding new light on the task by looking at it through the prism of two familiar and related frameworks: text-to-image and image-to-image retrieval. Taking inspiration from them, we exploit the specific relation of each query element with the targeted image and derive light-weight attention mechanisms which enable to mediate between the two complementary modalities. We validate our approach on several retrieval benchmarks, querying with images and their associated free-form text modifiers. Our method obtains state-of-the-art results without resorting to side information, multi-level features, heavy pre-training nor large architectures as in previous works.      
### 8.Implicit Feature Decoupling with Depthwise Quantization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08080.pdf)
>  Quantization has been applied to multiple domains in Deep Neural Networks (DNNs). We propose Depthwise Quantization (DQ) where $\textit{quantization}$ is applied to a decomposed sub-tensor along the $\textit{feature axis}$ of weak statistical dependence. The feature decomposition leads to an exponential increase in $\textit{representation capacity}$ with a linear increase in memory and parameter cost. In addition, DQ can be directly applied to existing encoder-decoder frameworks without modification of the DNN architecture. We use DQ in the context of Hierarchical Auto-Encoder and train end-to-end on an image feature representation. We provide an analysis on cross-correlation between spatial and channel features and we propose a decomposition of the image feature representation along the channel axis. The improved performance of the depthwise operator is due to the increased representation capacity from implicit feature decoupling. We evaluate DQ on the likelihood estimation task, where it outperforms the previous state-of-the-art on CIFAR-10, ImageNet-32 and ImageNet-64. We progressively train with increasing image size a single hierarchical model that uses 69% less parameters and has a faster convergence than the previous works.      
### 9.MotionCLIP: Exposing Human Motion Generation to CLIP Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08063.pdf)
>  We introduce MotionCLIP, a 3D human motion auto-encoder featuring a latent embedding that is disentangled, well behaved, and supports highly semantic textual descriptions. MotionCLIP gains its unique power by aligning its latent space with that of the Contrastive Language-Image Pre-training (CLIP) model. Aligning the human motion manifold to CLIP space implicitly infuses the extremely rich semantic knowledge of CLIP into the manifold. In particular, it helps continuity by placing semantically similar motions close to one another, and disentanglement, which is inherited from the CLIP-space structure. MotionCLIP comprises a transformer-based motion auto-encoder, trained to reconstruct motion while being aligned to its text label's position in CLIP-space. We further leverage CLIP's unique visual understanding and inject an even stronger signal through aligning motion to rendered frames in a self-supervised manner. We show that although CLIP has never seen the motion domain, MotionCLIP offers unprecedented text-to-motion abilities, allowing out-of-domain actions, disentangled editing, and abstract language specification. For example, the text prompt "couch" is decoded into a sitting down motion, due to lingual similarity, and the prompt "Spiderman" results in a web-swinging-like solution that is far from seen during training. In addition, we show how the introduced latent space can be leveraged for motion interpolation, editing and recognition.      
### 10.Seeking Commonness and Inconsistencies: A Jointly Smoothed Approach to Multi-view Subspace Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08060.pdf)
>  Multi-view subspace clustering aims to discover the hidden subspace structures from multiple views for robust clustering, and has been attracting considerable attention in recent years. Despite significant progress, most of the previous multi-view subspace clustering algorithms are still faced with two limitations. First, they usually focus on the consistency (or commonness) of multiple views, yet often lack the ability to capture the cross-view inconsistencies in subspace representations. Second, many of them overlook the local structures of multiple views and cannot jointly leverage multiple local structures to enhance the subspace representation learning. To address these two limitations, in this paper, we propose a jointly smoothed multi-view subspace clustering (JSMC) approach. Specifically, we simultaneously incorporate the cross-view commonness and inconsistencies into the subspace representation learning. The view-consensus grouping effect is presented to jointly exploit the local structures of multiple views to regularize the view-commonness representation, which is further associated with the low-rank constraint via the nuclear norm to strengthen its cluster structure. Thus the cross-view commonness and inconsistencies, the view-consensus grouping effect, and the low-rank representation are seamlessly incorporated into a unified objective function, upon which an alternating optimization algorithm is performed to achieve a robust subspace representation for clustering. Experimental results on a variety of real-world multi-view datasets have confirmed the superiority of the proposed approach.      
### 11.On Hyperbolic Embeddings in 2D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08049.pdf)
>  Object detection, for the most part, has been formulated in the euclidean space, where euclidean or spherical geodesic distances measure the similarity of an image region to an object class prototype. In this work, we study whether a hyperbolic geometry better matches the underlying structure of the object classification space. We incorporate a hyperbolic classifier in two-stage, keypoint-based, and transformer-based object detection architectures and evaluate them on large-scale, long-tailed, and zero-shot object detection benchmarks. In our extensive experimental evaluations, we observe categorical class hierarchies emerging in the structure of the classification space, resulting in lower classification errors and boosting the overall object detection performance.      
### 12.A multi-organ point cloud registration algorithm for abdominal CT registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08041.pdf)
>  Registering CT images of the chest is a crucial step for several tasks such as disease progression tracking or surgical planning. It is also a challenging step because of the heterogeneous content of the human abdomen which implies complex deformations. In this work, we focus on accurately registering a subset of organs of interest. We register organ surface point clouds, as may typically be extracted from an automatic segmentation pipeline, by expanding the Bayesian Coherent Point Drift algorithm (BCPD). We introduce MO-BCPD, a multi-organ version of the BCPD algorithm which explicitly models three important aspects of this task: organ individual elastic properties, inter-organ motion coherence and segmentation inaccuracy. This model also provides an interpolation framework to estimate the deformation of the entire volume. We demonstrate the efficiency of our method by registering different patients from the LITS challenge dataset. The target registration error on anatomical landmarks is almost twice as small for MO-BCPD compared to standard BCPD while imposing the same constraints on individual organs deformation.      
### 13.Deep learning for radar data exploitation of autonomous vehicle  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08038.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving requires a detailed understanding of complex driving scenes. The redundancy and complementarity of the vehicle's sensors provide an accurate and robust comprehension of the environment, thereby increasing the level of performance and safety. This thesis focuses the on automotive RADAR, which is a low-cost active sensor measuring properties of surrounding objects, including their relative speed, and has the key advantage of not being impacted by adverse weather conditions. With the rapid progress of deep learning and the availability of public driving datasets, the perception ability of vision-based driving systems has considerably improved. The RADAR sensor is seldom used for scene understanding due to its poor angular resolution, the size, noise, and complexity of RADAR raw data as well as the lack of available datasets. This thesis proposes an extensive study of RADAR scene understanding, from the construction of an annotated dataset to the conception of adapted deep learning architectures. First, this thesis details approaches to tackle the current lack of data. A simple simulation as well as generative methods for creating annotated data will be presented. It will also describe the CARRADA dataset, composed of synchronised camera and RADAR data with a semi-automatic annotation method. This thesis then present a proposed set of deep learning architectures with their associated loss functions for RADAR semantic segmentation. It also introduces a method to open up research into the fusion of LiDAR and RADAR sensors for scene understanding. Finally, this thesis exposes a collaborative contribution, the RADIal dataset with synchronised High-Definition (HD) RADAR, LiDAR and camera. A deep learning architecture is also proposed to estimate the RADAR signal processing pipeline while performing multitask learning for object detection and free driving space segmentation.      
### 14.End-to-End Modeling via Information Tree for One-Shot Natural Language Spatial Video Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08013.pdf)
>  Natural language spatial video grounding aims to detect the relevant objects in video frames with descriptive sentences as the query. In spite of the great advances, most existing methods rely on dense video frame annotations, which require a tremendous amount of human effort. To achieve effective grounding under a limited annotation budget, we investigate one-shot video grounding, and learn to ground natural language in all video frames with solely one frame labeled, in an end-to-end manner. One major challenge of end-to-end one-shot video grounding is the existence of videos frames that are either irrelevant to the language query or the labeled frames. Another challenge relates to the limited supervision, which might result in ineffective representation learning. To address these challenges, we designed an end-to-end model via Information Tree for One-Shot video grounding (IT-OS). Its key module, the information tree, can eliminate the interference of irrelevant frames based on branch search and branch cropping techniques. In addition, several self-supervised tasks are proposed based on the information tree to improve the representation learning under insufficient labeling. Experiments on the benchmark dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of our model.      
### 15.Inverted Pyramid Multi-task Transformer for Dense Scene Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07997.pdf)
>  Multi-task dense scene understanding is a thriving research domain that requires simultaneous perception and reasoning on a series of correlated tasks with pixel-wise prediction. Most existing works encounter a severe limitation of modeling in the locality due to heavy utilization of convolution operations, while learning interactions and inference in a global spatial-position and multi-task context is critical for this problem. In this paper, we propose a novel end-to-end Inverted Pyramid multi-task (InvPT) Transformer to perform simultaneous modeling of spatial positions and multiple tasks in a unified framework. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that explores designing a transformer structure for multi-task dense prediction for scene understanding. Besides, it is widely demonstrated that a higher spatial resolution is remarkably beneficial for dense predictions, while it is very challenging for existing transformers to go deeper with higher resolutions due to huge complexity to large spatial size. InvPT presents an efficient UP-Transformer block to learn multi-task feature interaction at gradually increased resolutions, which also incorporates effective self-attention message passing and multi-scale feature aggregation to produce task-specific prediction at a high resolution. Our method achieves superior multi-task performance on NYUD-v2 and PASCAL-Context datasets respectively, and significantly outperforms previous state-of-the-arts. Code and trained models will be publicly available.      
### 16.Smoothing Matters: Momentum Transformer for Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07988.pdf)
>  After the great success of Vision Transformer variants (ViTs) in computer vision, it has also demonstrated great potential in domain adaptive semantic segmentation. Unfortunately, straightforwardly applying local ViTs in domain adaptive semantic segmentation does not bring in expected improvement. We find that the pitfall of local ViTs is due to the severe high-frequency components generated during both the pseudo-label construction and features alignment for target domains. These high-frequency components make the training of local ViTs very unsmooth and hurt their transferability. In this paper, we introduce a low-pass filtering mechanism, momentum network, to smooth the learning dynamics of target domain features and pseudo labels. Furthermore, we propose a dynamic of discrepancy measurement to align the distributions in the source and target domains via dynamic weights to evaluate the importance of the samples. After tackling the above issues, extensive experiments on sim2real benchmarks show that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. Our codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/alpc91/TransDA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 17.Object Detection as Probabilistic Set Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07980.pdf)
>  Accurate uncertainty estimates are essential for deploying deep object detectors in safety-critical systems. The development and evaluation of probabilistic object detectors have been hindered by shortcomings in existing performance measures, which tend to involve arbitrary thresholds or limit the detector's choice of distributions. In this work, we propose to view object detection as a set prediction task where detectors predict the distribution over the set of objects. Using the negative log-likelihood for random finite sets, we present a proper scoring rule for evaluating and training probabilistic object detectors. The proposed method can be applied to existing probabilistic detectors, is free from thresholds, and enables fair comparison between architectures. Three different types of detectors are evaluated on the COCO dataset. Our results indicate that the training of existing detectors is optimized toward non-probabilistic metrics. We hope to encourage the development of new object detectors that can accurately estimate their own uncertainty. Code will be released.      
### 18.OcclusionFusion: Occlusion-aware Motion Estimation for Real-time Dynamic 3D Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07977.pdf)
>  RGBD-based real-time dynamic 3D reconstruction suffers from inaccurate inter-frame motion estimation as errors may accumulate with online tracking. This problem is even more severe for single-view-based systems due to strong occlusions. Based on these observations, we propose OcclusionFusion, a novel method to calculate occlusion-aware 3D motion to guide the reconstruction. In our technique, the motion of visible regions is first estimated and combined with temporal information to infer the motion of the occluded regions through an LSTM-involved graph neural network. Furthermore, our method computes the confidence of the estimated motion by modeling the network output with a probabilistic model, which alleviates untrustworthy motions and enables robust tracking. Experimental results on public datasets and our own recorded data show that our technique outperforms existing single-view-based real-time methods by a large margin. With the reduction of the motion errors, the proposed technique can handle long and challenging motion sequences. Please check out the project page for sequence results: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://wenbin-lin.github.io/OcclusionFusion" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.On the Pitfalls of Batch Normalization for End-to-End Video Learning: A Study on Surgical Workflow Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07976.pdf)
>  Batch Normalization's (BN) unique property of depending on other samples in a batch is known to cause problems in several tasks, including sequential modeling, and has led to the use of alternatives in these fields. In video learning, however, these problems are less studied, despite the ubiquitous use of BN in CNNs for visual feature extraction. We argue that BN's properties create major obstacles for training CNNs and temporal models end to end in video tasks. Yet, end-to-end learning seems preferable in specialized domains such as surgical workflow analysis, which lack well-pretrained feature extractors. While previous work in surgical workflow analysis has avoided BN-related issues through complex, multi-stage learning procedures, we show that even simple, end-to-end CNN-LSTMs can outperform the state of the art when CNNs without BN are used. Moreover, we analyze in detail when BN-related issues occur, including a "cheating" phenomenon in surgical anticipation tasks. We hope that a deeper understanding of BN's limitations and a reconsideration of end-to-end approaches can be beneficial for future research in surgical workflow analysis and general video learning.      
### 20.MOBDrone: a Drone Video Dataset for Man OverBoard Rescue  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07973.pdf)
>  Modern Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV) equipped with cameras can play an essential role in speeding up the identification and rescue of people who have fallen overboard, i.e., man overboard (MOB). To this end, Artificial Intelligence techniques can be leveraged for the automatic understanding of visual data acquired from drones. However, detecting people at sea in aerial imagery is challenging primarily due to the lack of specialized annotated datasets for training and testing detectors for this task. To fill this gap, we introduce and publicly release the MOBDrone benchmark, a collection of more than 125K drone-view images in a marine environment under several conditions, such as different altitudes, camera shooting angles, and illumination. We manually annotated more than 180K objects, of which about 113K man overboard, precisely localizing them with bounding boxes. Moreover, we conduct a thorough performance analysis of several state-of-the-art object detectors on the MOBDrone data, serving as baselines for further research.      
### 21.Intrinsic Neural Fields: Learning Functions on Manifolds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07967.pdf)
>  Neural fields have gained significant attention in the computer vision community due to their excellent performance in novel view synthesis, geometry reconstruction, and generative modeling. Some of their advantages are a sound theoretic foundation and an easy implementation in current deep learning frameworks. While neural fields have been applied to signals on manifolds, e.g., for texture reconstruction, their representation has been limited to extrinsically embedding the shape into Euclidean space. The extrinsic embedding ignores known intrinsic manifold properties and is inflexible wrt. transfer of the learned function. To overcome these limitations, this work introduces intrinsic neural fields, a novel and versatile representation for neural fields on manifolds. Intrinsic neural fields combine the advantages of neural fields with the spectral properties of the Laplace-Beltrami operator. We show theoretically that intrinsic neural fields inherit many desirable properties of the extrinsic neural field framework but exhibit additional intrinsic qualities, like isometry invariance. In experiments, we show intrinsic neural fields can reconstruct high-fidelity textures from images with state-of-the-art quality and are robust to the discretization of the underlying manifold. We demonstrate the versatility of intrinsic neural fields by tackling various applications: texture transfer between deformed shapes &amp; different shapes, texture reconstruction from real-world images with view dependence, and discretization-agnostic learning on meshes and point clouds.      
### 22.Style Transformer for Image Inversion and Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07932.pdf)
>  Existing GAN inversion methods fail to provide latent codes for reliable reconstruction and flexible editing simultaneously. This paper presents a transformer-based image inversion and editing model for pretrained StyleGAN which is not only with less distortions, but also of high quality and flexibility for editing. The proposed model employs a CNN encoder to provide multi-scale image features as keys and values. Meanwhile it regards the style code to be determined for different layers of the generator as queries. It first initializes query tokens as learnable parameters and maps them into W+ space. Then the multi-stage alternate self- and cross-attention are utilized, updating queries with the purpose of inverting the input by the generator. Moreover, based on the inverted code, we investigate the reference- and label-based attribute editing through a pretrained latent classifier, and achieve flexible image-to-image translation with high quality results. Extensive experiments are carried out, showing better performances on both inversion and editing tasks within StyleGAN.      
### 23.DialogueNeRF: Towards Realistic Avatar Face-to-face Conversation Video Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07931.pdf)
>  Conversation is an essential component of virtual avatar activities in the metaverse. With the development of natural language processing, textual and vocal conversation generation has achieved a significant breakthrough. Face-to-face conversations account for the vast majority of daily conversations. However, this task has not acquired enough attention. In this paper, we propose a novel task that aims to generate a realistic human avatar face-to-face conversation process and present a new dataset to explore this target. To tackle this novel task, we propose a new framework that utilizes a series of conversation signals, e.g. audio, head pose, and expression, to synthesize face-to-face conversation videos between human avatars, with all the interlocutors modeled within the same network. Our method is evaluated by quantitative and qualitative experiments in different aspects, e.g. image quality, pose sequence trend, and naturalness of the rendering videos. All the code, data, and models will be made publicly available.      
### 24.Relative Pose from SIFT Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07930.pdf)
>  This paper proposes the geometric relationship of epipolar geometry and orientation- and scale-covariant, e.g., SIFT, features. We derive a new linear constraint relating the unknown elements of the fundamental matrix and the orientation and scale. This equation can be used together with the well-known epipolar constraint to, e.g., estimate the fundamental matrix from four SIFT correspondences, essential matrix from three, and to solve the semi-calibrated case from three correspondences. Requiring fewer correspondences than the well-known point-based approaches (e.g., 5PT, 6PT and 7PT solvers) for epipolar geometry estimation makes RANSAC-like randomized robust estimation significantly faster. The proposed constraint is tested on a number of problems in a synthetic environment and on publicly available real-world datasets on more than 80000 image pairs. It is superior to the state-of-the-art in terms of processing time while often leading to more accurate results.      
### 25.GPV-Pose: Category-level Object Pose Estimation via Geometry-guided Point-wise Voting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07918.pdf)
>  While 6D object pose estimation has recently made a huge leap forward, most methods can still only handle a single or a handful of different objects, which limits their applications. To circumvent this problem, category-level object pose estimation has recently been revamped, which aims at predicting the 6D pose as well as the 3D metric size for previously unseen instances from a given set of object classes. This is, however, a much more challenging task due to severe intra-class shape variations. To address this issue, we propose GPV-Pose, a novel framework for robust category-level pose estimation, harnessing geometric insights to enhance the learning of category-level pose-sensitive features. First, we introduce a decoupled confidence-driven rotation representation, which allows geometry-aware recovery of the associated rotation matrix. Second, we propose a novel geometry-guided point-wise voting paradigm for robust retrieval of the 3D object bounding box. Finally, leveraging these different output streams, we can enforce several geometric consistency terms, further increasing performance, especially for non-symmetric categories. GPV-Pose produces superior results to state-of-the-art competitors on common public benchmarks, whilst almost achieving real-time inference speed at 20 FPS.      
### 26.Deep Transfer Learning with Graph Neural Network for Sensor-Based Human Activity Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07910.pdf)
>  The sensor-based human activity recognition (HAR) in mobile application scenarios is often confronted with sensor modalities variation and annotated data deficiency. Given this observation, we devised a graph-inspired deep learning approach toward the sensor-based HAR tasks, which was further used to build a deep transfer learning model toward giving a tentative solution for these two challenging problems. Specifically, we present a multi-layer residual structure involved graph convolutional neural network (ResGCNN) toward the sensor-based HAR tasks, namely the HAR-ResGCNN approach. Experimental results on the PAMAP2 and mHealth data sets demonstrate that our ResGCNN is effective at capturing the characteristics of actions with comparable results compared to other sensor-based HAR models (with an average accuracy of 98.18% and 99.07%, respectively). More importantly, the deep transfer learning experiments using the ResGCNN model show excellent transferability and few-shot learning performance. The graph-based framework shows good meta-learning ability and is supposed to be a promising solution in sensor-based HAR tasks.      
### 27.Panoptic SwiftNet: Pyramidal Fusion for Real-time Panoptic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07908.pdf)
>  Dense panoptic prediction is a key ingredient in many existing applications such as autonomous driving, automated warehouses or agri-robotics. However, most of these applications leverage the recovered dense semantics as an input to visual closed-loop control. Hence, practical deployments require real-time inference over large input resolutions on embedded hardware. These requirements call for computationally efficient approaches which deliver high accuracy with limited computational resources. We propose to achieve this goal by trading-off backbone capacity for multi-scale feature extraction. In comparison with contemporaneous approaches to panoptic segmentation, the main novelties of our method are scale-equivariant feature extraction and cross-scale upsampling through pyramidal fusion. Our best model achieves 55.9% PQ on Cityscapes val at 60 FPS on full resolution 2MPx images and RTX3090 with FP16 Tensor RT optimization.      
### 28.Unsupervised Learning Based Focal Stack Camera Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07904.pdf)
>  We propose an unsupervised deep learning based method to estimate depth from focal stack camera images. On the NYU-v2 dataset, our method achieves much better depth estimation accuracy compared to single-image based methods.      
### 29.Generalized Rectifier Wavelet Covariance Models For Texture Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07902.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art maximum entropy models for texture synthesis are built from statistics relying on image representations defined by convolutional neural networks (CNN). Such representations capture rich structures in texture images, outperforming wavelet-based representations in this regard. However, conversely to neural networks, wavelets offer meaningful representations, as they are known to detect structures at multiple scales (e.g. edges) in images. In this work, we propose a family of statistics built upon non-linear wavelet based representations, that can be viewed as a particular instance of a one-layer CNN, using a generalized rectifier non-linearity. These statistics significantly improve the visual quality of previous classical wavelet-based models, and allow one to produce syntheses of similar quality to state-of-the-art models, on both gray-scale and color textures.      
### 30.K-VQG: Knowledge-aware Visual Question Generation for Common-sense Acquisition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07890.pdf)
>  Visual Question Generation (VQG) is a task to generate questions from images. When humans ask questions about an image, their goal is often to acquire some new knowledge. However, existing studies on VQG have mainly addressed question generation from answers or question categories, overlooking the objectives of knowledge acquisition. To introduce a knowledge acquisition perspective into VQG, we constructed a novel knowledge-aware VQG dataset called K-VQG. This is the first large, humanly annotated dataset in which questions regarding images are tied to structured knowledge. We also developed a new VQG model that can encode and use knowledge as the target for a question. The experiment results show that our model outperforms existing models on the K-VQG dataset.      
### 31.LiP-Flow: Learning Inference-time Priors for Codec Avatars via Normalizing Flows in Latent Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07881.pdf)
>  Neural face avatars that are trained from multi-view data captured in camera domes can produce photo-realistic 3D reconstructions. However, at inference time, they must be driven by limited inputs such as partial views recorded by headset-mounted cameras or a front-facing camera, and sparse facial landmarks. To mitigate this asymmetry, we introduce a prior model that is conditioned on the runtime inputs and tie this prior space to the 3D face model via a normalizing flow in the latent space. Our proposed model, LiP-Flow, consists of two encoders that learn representations from the rich training-time and impoverished inference-time observations. A normalizing flow bridges the two representation spaces and transforms latent samples from one domain to another, allowing us to define a latent likelihood objective. We trained our model end-to-end to maximize the similarity of both representation spaces and the reconstruction quality, making the 3D face model aware of the limited driving signals. We conduct extensive evaluations where the latent codes are optimized to reconstruct 3D avatars from partial or sparse observations. We show that our approach leads to an expressive and effective prior, capturing facial dynamics and subtle expressions better.      
### 32.Don't Get Me Wrong: How to apply Deep Visual Interpretations to Time Series  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07861.pdf)
>  The correct interpretation and understanding of deep learning models is essential in many applications. Explanatory visual interpretation approaches for image and natural language processing allow domain experts to validate and understand almost any deep learning model. However, they fall short when generalizing to arbitrary time series data that is less intuitive and more diverse. Whether a visualization explains the true reasoning or captures the real features is difficult to judge. Hence, instead of blind trust we need an objective evaluation to obtain reliable quality metrics. We propose a framework of six orthogonal metrics for gradient- or perturbation-based post-hoc visual interpretation methods designed for time series classification and segmentation tasks. An experimental study includes popular neural network architectures for time series and nine visual interpretation methods. We evaluate the visual interpretation methods with diverse datasets from the UCR repository and a complex real-world dataset, and study the influence of common regularization techniques during training. We show that none of the methods consistently outperforms any of the others on all metrics while some are ahead at times. Our insights and recommendations allow experts to make informed choices of suitable visualization techniques for the model and task at hand.      
### 33.A Survey of Non-Rigid 3D Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07858.pdf)
>  Non-rigid registration computes an alignment between a source surface with a target surface in a non-rigid manner. In the past decade, with the advances in 3D sensing technologies that can measure time-varying surfaces, non-rigid registration has been applied for the acquisition of deformable shapes and has a wide range of applications. This survey presents a comprehensive review of non-rigid registration methods for 3D shapes, focusing on techniques related to dynamic shape acquisition and reconstruction. In particular, we review different approaches for representing the deformation field, and the methods for computing the desired deformation. Both optimization-based and learning-based methods are covered. We also review benchmarks and datasets for evaluating non-rigid registration methods, and discuss potential future research directions.      
### 34.Bamboo: Building Mega-Scale Vision Dataset Continually with Human-Machine Synergy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07845.pdf)
>  Large-scale datasets play a vital role in computer vision. Existing datasets are either collected according to heuristic label systems or annotated blindly without differentiation to samples, making them inefficient and unscalable. How to systematically collect, annotate and build a mega-scale dataset remains an open question. In this work, we advocate building a high-quality vision dataset actively and continually on a comprehensive label system. Specifically, we contribute Bamboo Dataset, a mega-scale and information-dense dataset for both classification and detection. Bamboo aims to populate the comprehensive categories with 69M image classification annotations and 170,586 object bounding box annotations. Compared to ImageNet22K and Objects365, models pre-trained on Bamboo achieve superior performance among various downstream tasks (6.2% gains on classification and 2.1% gains on detection). In addition, we provide valuable observations regarding large-scale pre-training from over 1,000 experiments. Due to its scalable nature on both label system and annotation pipeline, Bamboo will continue to grow and benefit from the collective efforts of the community, which we hope would pave the way for more general vision models.      
### 35.Pose-MUM : Reinforcing Key Points Relationship for Semi-Supervised Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07837.pdf)
>  A well-designed strong-weak augmentation strategy and the stable teacher to generate reliable pseudo labels are essential in the teacher-student framework of semi-supervised learning (SSL). Considering these in mind, to suit the semi-supervised human pose estimation (SSHPE) task, we propose a novel approach referred to as Pose-MUM that modifies Mix/UnMix (MUM) augmentation. Like MUM in the dense prediction task, the proposed Pose-MUM makes strong-weak augmentation for pose estimation and leads the network to learn the relationship between each human key point much better than the conventional methods by adding the mixing process in intermediate layers in a stochastic manner. In addition, we employ the exponential-moving-average-normalization (EMAN) teacher, which is stable and well-suited to the SSL framework and furthermore boosts the performance. Extensive experiments on MS-COCO dataset show the superiority of our proposed method by consistently improving the performance over the previous methods following SSHPE benchmark.      
### 36.SPA-VAE: Similar-Parts-Assignment for Unsupervised 3D Point Cloud Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07825.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of unsupervised parts-aware point cloud generation with learned parts-based self-similarity. Our SPA-VAE infers a set of latent canonical candidate shapes for any given object, along with a set of rigid body transformations for each such candidate shape to one or more locations within the assembled object. In this way, noisy samples on the surface of, say, each leg of a table, are effectively combined to estimate a single leg prototype. When parts-based self-similarity exists in the raw data, sharing data among parts in this way confers numerous advantages: modeling accuracy, appropriately self-similar generative outputs, precise in-filling of occlusions, and model parsimony. SPA-VAE is trained end-to-end using a variational Bayesian approach which uses the Gumbel-softmax trick for the shared part assignments, along with various novel losses to provide appropriate inductive biases. Quantitative and qualitative analyses on ShapeNet demonstrate the advantage of SPA-VAE.      
### 37.SISL:Self-Supervised Image Signature Learning for Splicing Detection and Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07824.pdf)
>  Recent algorithms for image manipulation detection almost exclusively use deep network models. These approaches require either dense pixelwise groundtruth masks, camera ids, or image metadata to train the networks. On one hand, constructing a training set to represent the countless tampering possibilities is impractical. On the other hand, social media platforms or commercial applications are often constrained to remove camera ids as well as metadata from images. A self-supervised algorithm for training manipulation detection models without dense groundtruth or camera/image metadata would be extremely useful for many forensics applications. In this paper, we propose self-supervised approach for training splicing detection/localization models from frequency transforms of images. To identify the spliced regions, our deep network learns a representation to capture an image specific signature by enforcing (image) self consistency . We experimentally demonstrate that our proposed model can yield similar or better performances of multiple existing methods on standard datasets without relying on labels or metadata.      
### 38.Adversarial Counterfactual Augmentation: Application in Alzheimer's Disease Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07815.pdf)
>  Data augmentation has been widely used in deep learning to reduce over-fitting and improve the robustness of models. However, traditional data augmentation techniques, e.g., rotation, cropping, flipping, etc., do not consider \textit{semantic} transformations, e.g., changing the age of a brain image. Previous works tried to achieve semantic augmentation by generating \textit{counterfactuals}, but they focused on how to train deep generative models and randomly created counterfactuals with the generative models without considering which counterfactuals are most \textit{effective} for improving downstream training. Different from these approaches, in this work, we propose a novel adversarial counterfactual augmentation scheme that aims to find the most \textit{effective} counterfactuals to improve downstream tasks with a pre-trained generative model. Specifically, we construct an adversarial game where we update the input \textit{conditional factor} of the generator and the downstream \textit{classifier} with gradient backpropagation alternatively and iteratively. The key idea is to find conditional factors that can result in \textit{hard} counterfactuals for the classifier. This can be viewed as finding the `\textit{weakness}' of the classifier and purposely forcing it to \textit{overcome} its weakness via the generative model. To demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach, we validate the method with the classification of Alzheimer's Disease (AD) as the downstream task based on a pre-trained brain ageing synthesis model. We show the proposed approach improves test accuracy and can alleviate spurious correlations. Code will be released upon acceptance.      
### 39.Interspace Pruning: Using Adaptive Filter Representations to Improve Training of Sparse CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07808.pdf)
>  Unstructured pruning is well suited to reduce the memory footprint of convolutional neural networks (CNNs), both at training and inference time. CNNs contain parameters arranged in $K \times K$ filters. Standard unstructured pruning (SP) reduces the memory footprint of CNNs by setting filter elements to zero, thereby specifying a fixed subspace that constrains the filter. Especially if pruning is applied before or during training, this induces a strong bias. To overcome this, we introduce interspace pruning (IP), a general tool to improve existing pruning methods. It uses filters represented in a dynamic interspace by linear combinations of an underlying adaptive filter basis (FB). For IP, FB coefficients are set to zero while un-pruned coefficients and FBs are trained jointly. In this work, we provide mathematical evidence for IP's superior performance and demonstrate that IP outperforms SP on all tested state-of-the-art unstructured pruning methods. Especially in challenging situations, like pruning for ImageNet or pruning to high sparsity, IP greatly exceeds SP with equal runtime and parameter costs. Finally, we show that advances of IP are due to improved trainability and superior generalization ability.      
### 40.On the focusing of thermal images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07805.pdf)
>  In this paper we present a new thermographic image database suitable for the analysis of automatic focus measures. This database consists of 8 different sets of scenes, where each scene contains one image for 96 different focus positions. Using this database we evaluate the usefulness of six focus measures with the goal to determine the optimal focus position. Experimental results reveal that an accurate automatic detection of optimal focus position is possible, even with a low computational burden. We also present an acquisition tool able to help the acquisition of thermal images. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study about automatic focus of thermal images.      
### 41.Parking Analytics Framework using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07792.pdf)
>  With the number of vehicles continuously increasing, parking monitoring and analysis are becoming a substantial feature of modern cities. In this study, we present a methodology to monitor car parking areas and to analyze their occupancy in real-time. The solution is based on a combination between image analysis and deep learning techniques. It incorporates four building blocks put inside a pipeline: vehicle detection, vehicle tracking, manual annotation of parking slots, and occupancy estimation using the Ray Tracing algorithm. The aim of this methodology is to optimize the use of parking areas and to reduce the time wasted by daily drivers to find the right parking slot for their cars. Also, it helps to better manage the space of the parking areas and to discover misuse cases. A demonstration of the provided solution is shown in the following video link: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KbAt8zT14Tc" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 42.Multi-Curve Translator for Real-Time High-Resolution Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07756.pdf)
>  The dominant image-to-image translation methods are based on fully convolutional networks, which extract and translate an image's features and then reconstruct the image. However, they have unacceptable computational costs when working with high-resolution images. To this end, we present the Multi-Curve Translator (MCT), which not only predicts the translated pixels for the corresponding input pixels but also for their neighboring pixels. And if a high-resolution image is downsampled to its low-resolution version, the lost pixels are the remaining pixels' neighboring pixels. So MCT makes it possible to feed the network only the downsampled image to perform the mapping for the full-resolution image, which can dramatically lower the computational cost. Besides, MCT is a plug-in approach that utilizes existing base models and requires only replacing their output layers. Experiments demonstrate that the MCT variants can process 4K images in real-time and achieve comparable or even better performance than the base models on various image-to-image translation tasks.      
### 43.Exact Feature Distribution Matching for Arbitrary Style Transfer and Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07740.pdf)
>  Arbitrary style transfer (AST) and domain generalization (DG) are important yet challenging visual learning tasks, which can be cast as a feature distribution matching problem. With the assumption of Gaussian feature distribution, conventional feature distribution matching methods usually match the mean and standard deviation of features. However, the feature distributions of real-world data are usually much more complicated than Gaussian, which cannot be accurately matched by using only the first-order and second-order statistics, while it is computationally prohibitive to use high-order statistics for distribution matching. In this work, we, for the first time to our best knowledge, propose to perform Exact Feature Distribution Matching (EFDM) by exactly matching the empirical Cumulative Distribution Functions (eCDFs) of image features, which could be implemented by applying the Exact Histogram Matching (EHM) in the image feature space. Particularly, a fast EHM algorithm, named Sort-Matching, is employed to perform EFDM in a plug-and-play manner with minimal cost. The effectiveness of our proposed EFDM method is verified on a variety of AST and DG tasks, demonstrating new state-of-the-art results. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/YBZh/EFDM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 44.CSN: Component-Supervised Network for Few-Shot Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07738.pdf)
>  The few-shot classification (FSC) task has been a hot research topic in recent years. It aims to address the classification problem with insufficient labeled data on a cross-category basis. Typically, researchers pre-train a feature extractor with base data, then use it to extract the features of novel data and recognize them. Notably, the novel set only has a few annotated samples and has entirely different categories from the base set, which leads to that the pre-trained feature extractor can not adapt to the novel data flawlessly. We dub this problem as Feature-Extractor-Maladaptive (FEM) problem. Starting from the root cause of this problem, this paper presents a new scheme, Component-Supervised Network (CSN), to improve the performance of FSC. We believe that although the categories of base and novel sets are different, the composition of the sample's components is similar. For example, both cat and dog contain leg and head components. Actually, such entity components are intra-class stable. They have fine cross-category versatility and new category generalization. Therefore, we refer to WordNet, a dictionary commonly used in natural language processing, to collect component information of samples and construct a component-based auxiliary task to improve the adaptability of the feature extractor. We conduct experiments on two benchmark datasets (mini-ImageNet and tiered-ImageNet), the improvements of $0.9\%$-$5.8\%$ compared with state-of-the-arts have evaluated the efficiency of our CSN.      
### 45.An Annotation-free Restoration Network for Cataractous Fundus Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07737.pdf)
>  Cataracts are the leading cause of vision loss worldwide. Restoration algorithms are developed to improve the readability of cataract fundus images in order to increase the certainty in diagnosis and treatment for cataract patients. Unfortunately, the requirement of annotation limits the application of these algorithms in clinics. This paper proposes a network to annotation-freely restore cataractous fundus images (ArcNet) so as to boost the clinical practicability of restoration. Annotations are unnecessary in ArcNet, where the high-frequency component is extracted from fundus images to replace segmentation in the preservation of retinal structures. The restoration model is learned from the synthesized images and adapted to real cataract images. Extensive experiments are implemented to verify the performance and effectiveness of ArcNet. Favorable performance is achieved using ArcNet against state-of-the-art algorithms, and the diagnosis of ocular fundus diseases in cataract patients is promoted by ArcNet. The capability of properly restoring cataractous images in the absence of annotated data promises the proposed algorithm outstanding clinical practicability.      
### 46.S2F2: Self-Supervised High Fidelity Face Reconstruction from Monocular Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07732.pdf)
>  We present a novel face reconstruction method capable of reconstructing detailed face geometry, spatially varying face reflectance from a single monocular image. We build our work upon the recent advances of DNN-based auto-encoders with differentiable ray tracing image formation, trained in self-supervised manner. While providing the advantage of learning-based approaches and real-time reconstruction, the latter methods lacked fidelity. In this work, we achieve, for the first time, high fidelity face reconstruction using self-supervised learning only. Our novel coarse-to-fine deep architecture allows us to solve the challenging problem of decoupling face reflectance from geometry using a single image, at high computational speed. Compared to state-of-the-art methods, our method achieves more visually appealing reconstruction.      
### 47.Meta Ordinal Regression Forest for Medical Image Classification with Ordinal Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07725.pdf)
>  The performance of medical image classification has been enhanced by deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs), which are typically trained with cross-entropy (CE) loss. However, when the label presents an intrinsic ordinal property in nature, e.g., the development from benign to malignant tumor, CE loss cannot take into account such ordinal information to allow for better generalization. To improve model generalization with ordinal information, we propose a novel meta ordinal regression forest (MORF) method for medical image classification with ordinal labels, which learns the ordinal relationship through the combination of convolutional neural network and differential forest in a meta-learning framework. The merits of the proposed MORF come from the following two components: a tree-wise weighting net (TWW-Net) and a grouped feature selection (GFS) module. First, the TWW-Net assigns each tree in the forest with a specific weight that is mapped from the classification loss of the corresponding tree. Hence, all the trees possess varying weights, which is helpful for alleviating the tree-wise prediction variance. Second, the GFS module enables a dynamic forest rather than a fixed one that was previously used, allowing for random feature perturbation. During training, we alternatively optimize the parameters of the CNN backbone and TWW-Net in the meta-learning framework through calculating the Hessian matrix. Experimental results on two medical image classification datasets with ordinal labels, i.e., LIDC-IDRI and Breast Ultrasound Dataset, demonstrate the superior performances of our MORF method over existing state-of-the-art methods.      
### 48.CODA: A Real-World Road Corner Case Dataset for Object Detection in Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07724.pdf)
>  Contemporary deep-learning object detection methods for autonomous driving usually assume prefixed categories of common traffic participants, such as pedestrians and cars. Most existing detectors are unable to detect uncommon objects and corner cases (e.g., a dog crossing a street), which may lead to severe accidents in some situations, making the timeline for the real-world application of reliable autonomous driving uncertain. One main reason that impedes the development of truly reliably self-driving systems is the lack of public datasets for evaluating the performance of object detectors on corner cases. Hence, we introduce a challenging dataset named CODA that exposes this critical problem of vision-based detectors. The dataset consists of 1500 carefully selected real-world driving scenes, each containing four object-level corner cases (on average), spanning 30+ object categories. On CODA, the performance of standard object detectors trained on large-scale autonomous driving datasets significantly drops to no more than 12.8% in mAR. Moreover, we experiment with the state-of-the-art open-world object detector and find that it also fails to reliably identify the novel objects in CODA, suggesting that a robust perception system for autonomous driving is probably still far from reach. We expect our CODA dataset to facilitate further research in reliable detection for real-world autonomous driving. Our dataset will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://coda-dataset.github.io" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 49.Revitalize Region Feature for Democratizing Video-Language Pre-training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07720.pdf)
>  Recent dominant methods for video-language pre-training (VLP) learn transferable representations from the raw pixels in an end-to-end manner to achieve advanced performance on downstream video-language tasks. Despite the impressive results, VLP research becomes extremely expensive with the need for massive data and a long training time, preventing further explorations. In this work, we revitalize region features of sparsely sampled video clips to significantly reduce both spatial and temporal visual redundancy towards democratizing VLP research at the same time achieving state-of-the-art results. Specifically, to fully explore the potential of region features, we introduce a novel bidirectional region-word alignment regularization that properly optimizes the fine-grained relations between regions and certain words in sentences, eliminating the domain/modality disconnections between pre-extracted region features and text. Extensive results of downstream text-to-video retrieval and video question answering tasks on seven datasets demonstrate the superiority of our method on both effectiveness and efficiency, e.g., our method achieves competing results with 80\% fewer data and 85\% less pre-training time compared to the most efficient VLP method so far. The code will be available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/CuthbertCai/DemoVLP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 50.ActFormer: A GAN Transformer Framework towards General Action-Conditioned 3D Human Motion Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07706.pdf)
>  We present a GAN Transformer framework for general action-conditioned 3D human motion generation, including not only single-person actions but also multi-person interactive actions. Our approach consists of a powerful Action-conditioned motion transFormer (ActFormer) under a GAN training scheme, equipped with a Gaussian Process latent prior. Such a design combines the strong spatio-temporal representation capacity of Transformer, superiority in generative modeling of GAN, and inherent temporal correlations from latent prior. Furthermore, ActFormer can be naturally extended to multi-person motions by alternately modeling temporal correlations and human interactions with Transformer encoders. We validate our approach by comparison with other methods on larger-scale benchmarks, including NTU RGB+D 120 and BABEL. We also introduce a new synthetic dataset of complex multi-person combat behaviors to facilitate research on multi-person motion generation. Our method demonstrates adaptability to various human motion representations and achieves leading performance over SOTA methods on both single-person and multi-person motion generation tasks, indicating a hopeful step towards a universal human motion generator.      
### 51.APRNet: Attention-based Pixel-wise Rendering Network for Photo-Realistic Text Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07705.pdf)
>  Style-guided text image generation tries to synthesize text image by imitating reference image's appearance while keeping text content unaltered. The text image appearance includes many aspects. In this paper, we focus on transferring style image's background and foreground color patterns to the content image to generate photo-realistic text image. To achieve this goal, we propose 1) a content-style cross attention based pixel sampling approach to roughly mimicking the style text image's background; 2) a pixel-wise style modulation technique to transfer varying color patterns of the style image to the content image spatial-adaptively; 3) a cross attention based multi-scale style fusion approach to solving text foreground misalignment issue between style and content images; 4) an image patch shuffling strategy to create style, content and ground truth image tuples for training. Experimental results on Chinese handwriting text image synthesis with SCUT-HCCDoc and CASIA-OLHWDB datasets demonstrate that the proposed method can improve the quality of synthetic text images and make them more photo-realistic.      
### 52.Distribution-Aware Single-Stage Models for Multi-Person 3D Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07697.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel Distribution-Aware Single-stage (DAS) model for tackling the challenging multi-person 3D pose estimation problem. Different from existing top-down and bottom-up methods, the proposed DAS model simultaneously localizes person positions and their corresponding body joints in the 3D camera space in a one-pass manner. This leads to a simplified pipeline with enhanced efficiency. In addition, DAS learns the true distribution of body joints for the regression of their positions, rather than making a simple Laplacian or Gaussian assumption as previous works. This provides valuable priors for model prediction and thus boosts the regression-based scheme to achieve competitive performance with volumetric-base ones. Moreover, DAS exploits a recursive update strategy for progressively approaching to regression target, alleviating the optimization difficulty and further lifting the regression performance. DAS is implemented with a fully Convolutional Neural Network and end-to-end learnable. Comprehensive experiments on benchmarks CMU Panoptic and MuPoTS-3D demonstrate the superior efficiency of the proposed DAS model, specifically 1.5x speedup over previous best model, and its stat-of-the-art accuracy for multi-person 3D pose estimation.      
### 53.Implicit field supervision for robust non-rigid shape matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07694.pdf)
>  Establishing a correspondence between two non-rigidly deforming shapes is one of the most fundamental problems in visual computing. Existing methods often show weak resilience when presented with challenges innate to real-world data such as noise, outliers, self-occlusion etc. On the other hand, auto-decoders have demonstrated strong expressive power in learning geometrically meaningful latent embeddings. However, their use in \emph{shape analysis} and especially in non-rigid shape correspondence has been limited. In this paper, we introduce an approach based on auto-decoder framework, that learns a continuous shape-wise deformation field over a fixed template. By supervising the deformation field for points on-surface and regularising for points off-surface through a novel \emph{Signed Distance Regularisation} (SDR), we learn an alignment between the template and shape \emph{volumes}. Unlike classical correspondence techniques, our method is remarkably robust in the presence of strong artefacts and can be generalised to arbitrary shape categories. Trained on clean water-tight meshes, \emph{without} any data-augmentation, we demonstrate compelling performance on compromised data and real-world scans.      
### 54.InsCon:Instance Consistency Feature Representation via Self-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07688.pdf)
>  Feature representation via self-supervised learning has reached remarkable success in image-level contrastive learning, which brings impressive performances on image classification tasks. While image-level feature representation mainly focuses on contrastive learning in single instance, it ignores the objective differences between pretext and downstream prediction tasks such as object detection and instance segmentation. In order to fully unleash the power of feature representation on downstream prediction tasks, we propose a new end-to-end self-supervised framework called InsCon, which is devoted to capturing multi-instance information and extracting cell-instance features for object recognition and localization. On the one hand, InsCon builds a targeted learning paradigm that applies multi-instance images as input, aligning the learned feature between corresponding instance views, which makes it more appropriate for multi-instance recognition tasks. On the other hand, InsCon introduces the pull and push of cell-instance, which utilizes cell consistency to enhance fine-grained feature representation for precise boundary localization. As a result, InsCon learns multi-instance consistency on semantic feature representation and cell-instance consistency on spatial feature representation. Experiments demonstrate the method we proposed surpasses MoCo v2 by 1.1% AP^{bb} on COCO object detection and 1.0% AP^{mk} on COCO instance segmentation using Mask R-CNN R50-FPN network structure with 90k iterations, 2.1% APbb on PASCAL VOC objection detection using Faster R-CNN R50-C4 network structure with 24k iterations.      
### 55.Rich CNN-Transformer Feature Aggregation Networks for Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07682.pdf)
>  Recent vision transformers along with self-attention have achieved promising results on various computer vision tasks. In particular, a pure transformer-based image restoration architecture surpasses the existing CNN-based methods using multi-task pre-training with a large number of trainable parameters. In this paper, we introduce an effective hybrid architecture for super-resolution (SR) tasks, which leverages local features from CNNs and long-range dependencies captured by transformers to further improve the SR results. Specifically, our architecture comprises of transformer and convolution branches, and we substantially elevate the performance by mutually fusing two branches to complement each representation. Furthermore, we propose a cross-scale token attention module, which allows the transformer to efficiently exploit the informative relationships among tokens across different scales. Our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art SR results on numerous benchmark datasets.      
### 56.Progressive End-to-End Object Detection in Crowded Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07669.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a new query-based detection framework for crowd detection. Previous query-based detectors suffer from two drawbacks: first, multiple predictions will be inferred for a single object, typically in crowded scenes; second, the performance saturates as the depth of the decoding stage increases. Benefiting from the nature of the one-to-one label assignment rule, we propose a progressive predicting method to address the above issues. Specifically, we first select accepted queries prone to generate true positive predictions, then refine the rest noisy queries according to the previously accepted predictions. Experiments show that our method can significantly boost the performance of query-based detectors in crowded scenes. Equipped with our approach, Sparse RCNN achieves 92.0\% $\text{AP}$, 41.4\% $\text{MR}^{-2}$ and 83.2\% $\text{JI}$ on the challenging CrowdHuman \cite{shao2018crowdhuman} dataset, outperforming the box-based method MIP \cite{chu2020detection} that specifies in handling crowded scenarios. Moreover, the proposed method, robust to crowdedness, can still obtain consistent improvements on moderately and slightly crowded datasets like CityPersons \cite{zhang2017citypersons} and COCO \cite{lin2014microsoft}. Code will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/megvii-model/Iter-E2EDET" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 57.SATS: Self-Attention Transfer for Continual Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07667.pdf)
>  Continually learning to segment more and more types of image regions is a desired capability for many intelligent systems. However, such continual semantic segmentation suffers from the same catastrophic forgetting issue as in continual classification learning. While multiple knowledge distillation strategies originally for continual classification have been well adapted to continual semantic segmentation, they only consider transferring old knowledge based on the outputs from one or more layers of deep fully convolutional networks. Different from existing solutions, this study proposes to transfer a new type of information relevant to knowledge, i.e. the relationships between elements (Eg. pixels or small local regions) within each image which can capture both within-class and between-class knowledge. The relationship information can be effectively obtained from the self-attention maps in a Transformer-style segmentation model. Considering that pixels belonging to the same class in each image often share similar visual properties, a class-specific region pooling is applied to provide more efficient relationship information for knowledge transfer. Extensive evaluations on multiple public benchmarks support that the proposed self-attention transfer method can further effectively alleviate the catastrophic forgetting issue, and its flexible combination with one or more widely adopted strategies significantly outperforms state-of-the-art solu      
### 58.Can you even tell left from right? Presenting a new challenge for VQA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07664.pdf)
>  Visual Question Answering (VQA) needs a means of evaluating the strengths and weaknesses of models. One aspect of such an evaluation is the evaluation of compositional generalisation, or the ability of a model to answer well on scenes whose scene-setups are different from the training set. Therefore, for this purpose, we need datasets whose train and test sets differ significantly in composition. In this work, we present several quantitative measures of compositional separation and find that popular datasets for VQA are not good evaluators. To solve this, we present Uncommon Objects in Unseen Configurations (UOUC), a synthetic dataset for VQA. UOUC is at once fairly complex while also being well-separated, compositionally. The object-class of UOUC consists of 380 clasess taken from 528 characters from the Dungeons and Dragons game. The train set of UOUC consists of 200,000 scenes; whereas the test set consists of 30,000 scenes. In order to study compositional generalisation, simple reasoning and memorisation, each scene of UOUC is annotated with up to 10 novel questions. These deal with spatial relationships, hypothetical changes to scenes, counting, comparison, memorisation and memory-based reasoning. In total, UOUC presents over 2 million questions. UOUC also finds itself as a strong challenge to well-performing models for VQA. Our evaluation of recent models for VQA shows poor compositional generalisation, and comparatively lower ability towards simple reasoning. These results suggest that UOUC could lead to advances in research by being a strong benchmark for VQA.      
### 59.What's in the Black Box? The False Negative Mechanisms Inside Object Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07662.pdf)
>  In object detection, false negatives arise when a detector fails to detect a target object. To understand why object detectors produce false negatives, we identify five 'false negative mechanisms', where each mechanism describes how a specific component inside the detector architecture failed. Focusing on two-stage and one-stage anchor-box object detector architectures, we introduce a framework for quantifying these false negative mechanisms. Using this framework, we investigate why Faster R-CNN and RetinaNet fail to detect objects in benchmark vision datasets and robotics datasets. We show that a detector's false negative mechanisms differ significantly between computer vision benchmark datasets and robotics deployment scenarios. This has implications for the translation of object detectors developed for benchmark datasets to robotics applications.      
### 60.Neural Radiance Projection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07658.pdf)
>  The proposed method, Neural Radiance Projection (NeRP), addresses the three most fundamental shortages of training such a convolutional neural network on X-ray image segmentation: dealing with missing/limited human-annotated datasets; ambiguity on the per-pixel label; and the imbalance across positive- and negative- classes distribution. By harnessing a generative adversarial network, we can synthesize a massive amount of physics-based X-ray images, so-called Variationally Reconstructed Radiographs (VRRs), alongside their segmentation from more accurate labeled 3D Computed Tomography data. As a result, VRRs present more faithfully than other projection methods in terms of photo-realistic metrics. Adding outputs from NeRP also surpasses the vanilla UNet models trained on the same pairs of X-ray images.      
### 61.Wave-SAN: Wavelet based Style Augmentation Network for Cross-Domain Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07656.pdf)
>  Previous few-shot learning (FSL) works mostly are limited to natural images of general concepts and categories. These works assume very high visual similarity between the source and target classes. In contrast, the recently proposed cross-domain few-shot learning (CD-FSL) aims at transferring knowledge from general nature images of many labeled examples to novel domain-specific target categories of only a few labeled examples. The key challenge of CD-FSL lies in the huge data shift between source and target domains, which is typically in the form of totally different visual styles. This makes it very nontrivial to directly extend the classical FSL methods to address the CD-FSL task. To this end, this paper studies the problem of CD-FSL by spanning the style distributions of the source dataset. Particularly, wavelet transform is introduced to enable the decomposition of visual representations into low-frequency components such as shape and style and high-frequency components e.g., texture. To make our model robust to visual styles, the source images are augmented by swapping the styles of their low-frequency components with each other. We propose a novel Style Augmentation (StyleAug) module to implement this idea. Furthermore, we present a Self-Supervised Learning (SSL) module to ensure the predictions of style-augmented images are semantically similar to the unchanged ones. This avoids the potential semantic drift problem in exchanging the styles. Extensive experiments on two CD-FSL benchmarks show the effectiveness of our method. Our codes and models will be released.      
### 62.P-STMO: Pre-Trained Spatial Temporal Many-to-One Model for 3D Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07628.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a novel Pre-trained Spatial Temporal Many-to-One (P-STMO) model for 2D-to-3D human pose estimation task. To reduce the difficulty of capturing spatial and temporal information, we divide this task into two stages: pre-training (Stage I) and fine-tuning (Stage II). In Stage I, a self-supervised pre-training sub-task, termed masked pose modeling, is proposed. The human joints in the input sequence are randomly masked in both spatial and temporal domains. A general form of denoising auto-encoder is exploited to recover the original 2D poses and the encoder is capable of capturing spatial and temporal dependencies in this way. In Stage II, the pre-trained encoder is loaded to STMO model and fine-tuned. The encoder is followed by a many-to-one frame aggregator to predict the 3D pose in the current frame. Especially, an MLP block is utilized as the spatial feature extractor in STMO, which yields better performance than other methods. In addition, a temporal downsampling strategy is proposed to diminish data redundancy. Extensive experiments on two benchmarks show that our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods with fewer parameters and less computational overhead. For example, our P-STMO model achieves 42.1mm MPJPE on Human3.6M dataset when using 2D poses from CPN as inputs. Meanwhile, it brings a 1.5-7.1 times speedup to state-of-the-art methods. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/paTRICK-swk/P-STMO" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 63.Learning What Not to Segment: A New Perspective on Few-Shot Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07615.pdf)
>  Recently few-shot segmentation (FSS) has been extensively developed. Most previous works strive to achieve generalization through the meta-learning framework derived from classification tasks; however, the trained models are biased towards the seen classes instead of being ideally class-agnostic, thus hindering the recognition of new concepts. This paper proposes a fresh and straightforward insight to alleviate the problem. Specifically, we apply an additional branch (base learner) to the conventional FSS model (meta learner) to explicitly identify the targets of base classes, i.e., the regions that do not need to be segmented. Then, the coarse results output by these two learners in parallel are adaptively integrated to yield precise segmentation prediction. Considering the sensitivity of meta learner, we further introduce an adjustment factor to estimate the scene differences between the input image pairs for facilitating the model ensemble forecasting. The substantial performance gains on PASCAL-5i and COCO-20i verify the effectiveness, and surprisingly, our versatile scheme sets a new state-of-the-art even with two plain learners. Moreover, in light of the unique nature of the proposed approach, we also extend it to a more realistic but challenging setting, i.e., generalized FSS, where the pixels of both base and novel classes are required to be determined. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/chunbolang/BAM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 64.VPFusion: Joint 3D Volume and Pixel-Aligned Feature Fusion for Single and Multi-view 3D Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07553.pdf)
>  We introduce a unified single and multi-view neural implicit 3D reconstruction framework VPFusion. VPFusion~attains high-quality reconstruction using both - 3D feature volume to capture 3D-structure-aware context, and pixel-aligned image features to capture fine local detail. Existing approaches use RNN, feature pooling, or attention computed independently in each view for multi-view fusion. RNNs suffer from long-term memory loss and permutation variance, while feature pooling or independently computed attention leads to representation in each view being unaware of other views before the final pooling step. In contrast, we show improved multi-view feature fusion by establishing transformer-based pairwise view association. In particular, we propose a novel interleaved 3D reasoning and pairwise view association architecture for feature volume fusion across different views. Using this structure-aware and multi-view-aware feature volume, we show improved 3D reconstruction performance compared to existing methods. VPFusion improves the reconstruction quality further by also incorporating pixel-aligned local image features to capture fine detail. We verify the effectiveness of VPFusion~on the ShapeNet and ModelNet datasets, where we outperform or perform on-par the state-of-the-art single and multi-view 3D shape reconstruction methods.      
### 65.Unsupervised Clustering of Roman Potsherds via Variational Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07437.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose an artificial intelligence imaging solution to support archaeologists in the classification task of Roman commonware potsherds. Usually, each potsherd is represented by its sectional profile as a two dimensional black-white image and printed in archaeological books related to specific archaeological excavations. The partiality and handcrafted variance of the fragments make their matching a challenging problem: we propose to pair similar profiles via the unsupervised hierarchical clustering of non-linear features learned in the latent space of a deep convolutional Variational Autoencoder (VAE) network. Our contribution also include the creation of a ROman COmmonware POTtery (ROCOPOT) database, with more than 4000 potsherds profiles extracted from 25 Roman pottery corpora, and a MATLAB GUI software for the easy inspection of shape similarities. Results are commented both from a mathematical and archaeological perspective so as to unlock new research directions in both communities.      
### 66.Panoptic animal pose estimators are zero-shot performers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07436.pdf)
>  Animal pose estimation is critical in applications ranging from life science research, agriculture, to veterinary medicine. Compared to human pose estimation, the performance of animal pose estimation is limited by the size of available datasets and the generalization of a model across datasets. Typically different keypoints are labeled regardless of whether the species are the same or not, leaving animal pose datasets to have disjoint or partially overlapping keypoints. As a consequence, a model cannot be used as a plug-and-play solution across datasets. This reality motivates us to develop panoptic animal pose estimation models that are able to predict keypoints defined in all datasets. In this work we propose a simple yet effective way to merge differentially labeled datasets to obtain the largest quadruped and lab mouse pose dataset. Using a gradient masking technique, so called SuperAnimal-models are able to predict keypoints that are distributed across datasets and exhibit strong zero-shot performance. The models can be further improved by (pseudo) labeled fine-tuning. These models outperform ImageNet-initialized models.      
### 67.There's no difference: Convolutional Neural Networks for transient detection without template subtraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07390.pdf)
>  We present a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) model for the separation of astrophysical transients from image artifacts, a task known as "real-bogus" classification, that does not rely on Difference Image Analysis (DIA) which is a computationally expensive process involving image matching on small spatial scales in large volumes of data. We explore the use of CNNs to (1) automate the "real-bogus" classification, (2) reduce the computational costs of transient discovery. We compare the efficiency of two CNNs with similar architectures, one that uses "image triplets" (templates, search, and the corresponding difference image) and one that adopts a similar architecture but takes as input the template and search only. Without substantially changing the model architecture or retuning the hyperparameters to the new input, we observe only a small decrease in model efficiency (97% to 92% accuracy). We further investigate how the model that does not receive the difference image learns the required information from the template and search by exploring the saliency maps. Our work demonstrates that (1) CNNs are excellent models for "real-bogus" classification that rely exclusively on the imaging data and require no feature engineering task; (2) high-accuracy models can be built without the need to construct difference images. Since once trained, neural networks can generate predictions at minimal computational costs, we argue that future implementations of this methodology could dramatically reduce the computational costs in the detection of genuine transients in synoptic surveys like Rubin Observatory's Legacy Survey of Space and Time by bypassing the DIA step entirely.      
### 68.Enhancing crowd flow prediction in various spatial and temporal granularities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07372.pdf)
>  Thanks to the diffusion of the Internet of Things, nowadays it is possible to sense human mobility almost in real time using unconventional methods (e.g., number of bikes in a bike station). Due to the diffusion of such technologies, the last years have witnessed a significant growth of human mobility studies, motivated by their importance in a wide range of applications, from traffic management to public security and computational epidemiology. A mobility task that is becoming prominent is crowd flow prediction, i.e., forecasting aggregated incoming and outgoing flows in the locations of a geographic region. Although several deep learning approaches have been proposed to solve this problem, their usage is limited to specific types of spatial tessellations and cannot provide sufficient explanations of their predictions. We propose CrowdNet, a solution to crowd flow prediction based on graph convolutional networks. Compared with state-of-the-art solutions, CrowdNet can be used with regions of irregular shapes and provide meaningful explanations of the predicted crowd flows. We conduct experiments on public data varying the spatio-temporal granularity of crowd flows to show the superiority of our model with respect to existing methods, and we investigate CrowdNet's reliability to missing or noisy input data. Our model is a step forward in the design of reliable deep learning models to predict and explain human displacements in urban environments.      
### 69.Can Neural Nets Learn the Same Model Twice? Investigating Reproducibility and Double Descent from the Decision Boundary Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08124.pdf)
>  We discuss methods for visualizing neural network decision boundaries and decision regions. We use these visualizations to investigate issues related to reproducibility and generalization in neural network training. We observe that changes in model architecture (and its associate inductive bias) cause visible changes in decision boundaries, while multiple runs with the same architecture yield results with strong similarities, especially in the case of wide architectures. We also use decision boundary methods to visualize double descent phenomena. We see that decision boundary reproducibility depends strongly on model width. Near the threshold of interpolation, neural network decision boundaries become fragmented into many small decision regions, and these regions are non-reproducible. Meanwhile, very narrows and very wide networks have high levels of reproducibility in their decision boundaries with relatively few decision regions. We discuss how our observations relate to the theory of double descent phenomena in convex models. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/somepago/dbViz" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 70.Things not Written in Text: Exploring Spatial Commonsense from Visual Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08075.pdf)
>  Spatial commonsense, the knowledge about spatial position and relationship between objects (like the relative size of a lion and a girl, and the position of a boy relative to a bicycle when cycling), is an important part of commonsense knowledge. Although pretrained language models (PLMs) succeed in many NLP tasks, they are shown to be ineffective in spatial commonsense reasoning. Starting from the observation that images are more likely to exhibit spatial commonsense than texts, we explore whether models with visual signals learn more spatial commonsense than text-based PLMs. We propose a spatial commonsense benchmark that focuses on the relative scales of objects, and the positional relationship between people and objects under different actions. We probe PLMs and models with visual signals, including vision-language pretrained models and image synthesis models, on this benchmark, and find that image synthesis models are more capable of learning accurate and consistent spatial knowledge than other models. The spatial knowledge from image synthesis models also helps in natural language understanding tasks that require spatial commonsense.      
### 71.Simultaneous Localisation and Mapping with Quadric Surfaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08040.pdf)
>  There are many possibilities for how to represent the map in simultaneous localisation and mapping (SLAM). While sparse, keypoint-based SLAM systems have achieved impressive levels of accuracy and robustness, their maps may not be suitable for many robotic tasks. Dense SLAM systems are capable of producing dense reconstructions, but can be computationally expensive and, like sparse systems, lack higher-level information about the structure of a scene. Human-made environments contain a lot of structure, and we seek to take advantage of this by enabling the use of quadric surfaces as features in SLAM systems. We introduce a minimal representation for quadric surfaces and show how this can be included in a least-squares formulation. We also show how our representation can be easily extended to include additional constraints on quadrics such as those found in quadrics of revolution. Finally, we introduce a proof-of-concept SLAM system using our representation, and provide some experimental results using an RGB-D dataset.      
### 72.A Noise-level-aware Framework for PET Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.08034.pdf)
>  In PET, the amount of relative (signal-dependent) noise present in different body regions can be significantly different and is inherently related to the number of counts present in that region. The number of counts in a region depends, in principle and among other factors, on the total administered activity, scanner sensitivity, image acquisition duration, radiopharmaceutical tracer uptake in the region, and patient local body morphometry surrounding the region. In theory, less amount of denoising operations is needed to denoise a high-count (low relative noise) image than images a low-count (high relative noise) image, and vice versa. The current deep-learning-based methods for PET image denoising are predominantly trained on image appearance only and have no special treatment for images of different noise levels. Our hypothesis is that by explicitly providing the local relative noise level of the input image to a deep convolutional neural network (DCNN), the DCNN can outperform itself trained on image appearance only. To this end, we propose a noise-level-aware framework denoising framework that allows embedding of local noise level into a DCNN. The proposed is trained and tested on 30 and 15 patient PET images acquired on a GE Discovery MI PET/CT system. Our experiments showed that the increases in both PSNR and SSIM from our backbone network with relative noise level embedding (NLE) versus the same network without NLE were statistically significant with p&lt;0.001, and the proposed method significantly outperformed a strong baseline method by a large margin.      
### 73.Leveraging Uni-Modal Self-Supervised Learning for Multimodal Audio-Visual Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07996.pdf)
>  Training Transformer-based models demands a large amount of data, while obtaining parallel aligned and labelled data in multimodality is rather cost-demanding, especially for audio-visual speech recognition (AVSR). Thus it makes a lot of sense to make use of unlabelled uni-modal data. On the other side, although the effectiveness of large-scale self-supervised learning is well established in both audio and visual modalities, how to integrate those pre-trained models into a multimodal scenario remains underexplored. In this work, we successfully leverage uni-modal self-supervised learning to promote the multimodal AVSR. In particular, we first train audio and visual encoders on a large-scale uni-modal dataset, then we integrate components of both encoders into a larger multimodal framework which learns to recognize paired audio-visual data into characters through a combination of CTC and seq2seq decoding. We show that both components inherited from uni-modal self-supervised learning cooperate well, resulting in that the multimodal framework yields competitive results through fine-tuning. Our model is experimentally validated on both word-level and sentence-level AVSR tasks. Especially, even without an external language model, our proposed model raises the state-of-the-art performances on the widely accepted Lip Reading Sentences 2 (LRS2) dataset by a large margin, with a relative improvement of 30%.      
### 74.Recursive 3D Segmentation of Shoulder Joint with Coarse-scanned MR Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07846.pdf)
>  For diagnosis of shoulder illness, it is essential to look at the morphology deviation of scapula and humerus from the medical images that are acquired from Magnetic Resonance (MR) imaging. However, taking high-resolution MR images is time-consuming and costly because the reduction of the physical distance between image slices causes prolonged scanning time. Moreover, due to the lack of training images, images from various sources must be utilized, which creates the issue of high variance across the dataset. Also, there are human errors among the images due to the fact that it is hard to take the spatial relationship into consideration when labeling the 3D image in low resolution. In order to combat all obstacles stated above, we develop a fully automated algorithm for segmenting the humerus and scapula bone from coarsely scanned and low-resolution MR images and a recursive learning framework that iterative utilize the generated labels for reducing the errors among segmentations and increase our dataset set for training the next round network. In this study, 50 MR images are collected from several institutions and divided into five mutually exclusive sets for carrying five-fold cross-validation. Contours that are generated by the proposed method demonstrated a high level of accuracy when compared with ground truth and the traditional method. The proposed neural network and the recursive learning scheme improve the overall quality of the segmentation on humerus and scapula on the low-resolution dataset and reduced incorrect segmentation in the ground truth, which could have a positive impact on finding the cause of shoulder pain and patient's early relief.      
### 75.Image Quality Assessment for Magnetic Resonance Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07809.pdf)
>  Image quality assessment (IQA) algorithms aim to reproduce the human's perception of the image quality. The growing popularity of image enhancement, generation, and recovery models instigated the development of many methods to assess their performance. However, most IQA solutions are designed to predict image quality in the general domain, with the applicability to specific areas, such as medical imaging, remaining questionable. Moreover, the selection of these IQA metrics for a specific task typically involves intentionally induced distortions, such as manually added noise or artificial blurring; yet, the chosen metrics are then used to judge the output of real-life computer vision models. In this work, we aspire to fill these gaps by carrying out the most extensive IQA evaluation study for Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) to date (14,700 subjective scores). We use outputs of neural network models trained to solve problems relevant to MRI, including image reconstruction in the scan acceleration, motion correction, and denoising. Seven trained radiologists assess these distorted images, with their verdicts then correlated with 35 different image quality metrics (full-reference, no-reference, and distribution-based metrics considered). Our emphasis is on reflecting the radiologist's perception of the reconstructed images, gauging the most diagnostically influential criteria for the quality of MRI scans: signal-to-noise ratio, contrast-to-noise ratio, and the presence of artifacts.      
### 76.Scalable Penalized Regression for Noise Detection in Learning with Noisy Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07788.pdf)
>  Noisy training set usually leads to the degradation of generalization and robustness of neural networks. In this paper, we propose using a theoretically guaranteed noisy label detection framework to detect and remove noisy data for Learning with Noisy Labels (LNL). Specifically, we design a penalized regression to model the linear relation between network features and one-hot labels, where the noisy data are identified by the non-zero mean shift parameters solved in the regression model. To make the framework scalable to datasets that contain a large number of categories and training data, we propose a split algorithm to divide the whole training set into small pieces that can be solved by the penalized regression in parallel, leading to the Scalable Penalized Regression (SPR) framework. We provide the non-asymptotic probabilistic condition for SPR to correctly identify the noisy data. While SPR can be regarded as a sample selection module for standard supervised training pipeline, we further combine it with semi-supervised algorithm to further exploit the support of noisy data as unlabeled data. Experimental results on several benchmark datasets and real-world noisy datasets show the effectiveness of our framework. Our code and pretrained models are released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Yikai-Wang/SPR-LNL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 77.Fast Autofocusing using Tiny Networks for Digital Holographic Microscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07772.pdf)
>  The numerical wavefront backpropagation principle of digital holography confers unique extended focus capabilities, without mechanical displacements along z-axis. However, the determination of the correct focusing distance is a non-trivial and time consuming issue. A deep learning (DL) solution is proposed to cast the autofocusing as a regression problem and tested over both experimental and simulated holograms. Single wavelength digital holograms were recorded by a Digital Holographic Microscope (DHM) with a 10$\mathrm{x}$ microscope objective from a patterned target moving in 3D over an axial range of 92 $\mu$m. Tiny DL models are proposed and compared such as a tiny Vision Transformer (TViT), tiny VGG16 (TVGG) and a tiny Swin-Transfomer (TSwinT). The experiments show that the predicted focusing distance $Z_R^{\mathrm{Pred}}$ is accurately inferred with an accuracy of 1.2 $\mu$m in average in comparison with the DHM depth of field of 15 $\mu$m. Numerical simulations show that all tiny models give the $Z_R^{\mathrm{Pred}}$ with an error below 0.3 $\mu$m. Such a prospect would significantly improve the current capabilities of computer vision position sensing in applications such as 3D microscopy for life sciences or micro-robotics. Moreover, all models reach state of the art inference time on CPU, less than 25 ms per inference.      
### 78.Securing the Classification of COVID-19 in Chest X-ray Images: A Privacy-Preserving Deep Learning Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07728.pdf)
>  Deep learning (DL) is being increasingly utilized in healthcare-related fields due to its outstanding efficiency. However, we have to keep the individual health data used by DL models private and secure. Protecting data and preserving the privacy of individuals has become an increasingly prevalent issue. The gap between the DL and privacy communities must be bridged. In this paper, we propose privacy-preserving deep learning (PPDL)-based approach to secure the classification of Chest X-ray images. This study aims to use Chest X-ray images to their fullest potential without compromising the privacy of the data that it contains. The proposed approach is based on two steps: encrypting the dataset using partially homomorphic encryption and training/testing the DL algorithm over the encrypted images. Experimental results on the COVID-19 Radiography database show that the MobileNetV2 model achieves an accuracy of 94.2% over the plain data and 93.3% over the encrypted data.      
### 79.Magnification Prior: A Self-Supervised Method for Learning Representations on Breast Cancer Histopathological Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07707.pdf)
>  This work presents a novel self-supervised pre-training method to learn efficient representations without labels on histopathology medical images utilizing magnification factors. Other state-of-theart works mainly focus on fully supervised learning approaches that rely heavily on human annotations. However, the scarcity of labeled and unlabeled data is a long-standing challenge in histopathology. Currently, representation learning without labels remains unexplored for the histopathology domain. The proposed method, Magnification Prior Contrastive Similarity (MPCS), enables self-supervised learning of representations without labels on small-scale breast cancer dataset BreakHis by exploiting magnification factor, inductive transfer, and reducing human prior. The proposed method matches fully supervised learning state-of-the-art performance in malignancy classification when only 20% of labels are used in fine-tuning and outperform previous works in fully supervised learning settings. It formulates a hypothesis and provides empirical evidence to support that reducing human-prior leads to efficient representation learning in self-supervision. The implementation of this work is available online on GitHub - <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/prakashchhipa/Magnification-Prior-Self-Supervised-Method" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 80.Unpaired Deep Image Dehazing Using Contrastive Disentanglement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07677.pdf)
>  We present an effective unpaired learning based image dehazing network from an unpaired set of clear and hazy images. This paper provides a new perspective to treat image dehazing as a two-class separated factor disentanglement task, i.e, the task-relevant factor of clear image reconstruction and the task-irrelevant factor of haze-relevant distribution. To achieve the disentanglement of these two-class factors in deep feature space, contrastive learning is introduced into a CycleGAN framework to learn disentangled representations by guiding the generated images to be associated with latent factors. With such formulation, the proposed contrastive disentangled dehazing method (CDD-GAN) first develops negative generators to cooperate with the encoder network to update alternately, so as to produce a queue of challenging negative adversaries. Then these negative adversaries are trained end-to-end together with the backbone representation network to enhance the discriminative information and promote factor disentanglement performance by maximizing the adversarial contrastive loss. During the training, we further show that hard negative examples can suppress the task-irrelevant factors and unpaired clear exemples can enhance the task-relevant factors, in order to better facilitate haze removal and help image restoration. Extensive experiments on both synthetic and real-world datasets demonstrate that our method performs favorably against existing state-of-the-art unpaired dehazing approaches.      
### 81.Breast Cancer Molecular Subtypes Prediction on Pathological Images with Discriminative Patch Selecting and Multi-Instance Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07659.pdf)
>  Molecular subtypes of breast cancer are important references to personalized clinical treatment. For cost and labor savings, only one of the patient's paraffin blocks is usually selected for subsequent immunohistochemistry (IHC) to obtain molecular subtypes. Inevitable sampling error is risky due to tumor heterogeneity and could result in a delay in treatment. Molecular subtype prediction from conventional H&amp;E pathological whole slide images (WSI) using AI method is useful and critical to assist pathologists pre-screen proper paraffin block for IHC. It's a challenging task since only WSI level labels of molecular subtypes can be obtained from IHC. Gigapixel WSIs are divided into a huge number of patches to be computationally feasible for deep learning. While with coarse slide-level labels, patch-based methods may suffer from abundant noise patches, such as folds, overstained regions, or non-tumor tissues. A weakly supervised learning framework based on discriminative patch selecting and multi-instance learning was proposed for breast cancer molecular subtype prediction from H&amp;E WSIs. Firstly, co-teaching strategy was adopted to learn molecular subtype representations and filter out noise patches. Then, a balanced sampling strategy was used to handle the imbalance in subtypes in the dataset. In addition, a noise patch filtering algorithm that used local outlier factor based on cluster centers was proposed to further select discriminative patches. Finally, a loss function integrating patch with slide constraint information was used to finetune MIL framework on obtained discriminative patches and further improve the performance of molecular subtyping. The experimental results confirmed the effectiveness of the proposed method and our models outperformed even senior pathologists, with potential to assist pathologists to pre-screen paraffin blocks for IHC in clinic.      
### 82.Generalized but not Robust? Comparing the Effects of Data Modification Methods on Out-of-Domain Generalization and Adversarial Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07653.pdf)
>  Data modification, either via additional training datasets, data augmentation, debiasing, and dataset filtering, has been proposed as an effective solution for generalizing to out-of-domain (OOD) inputs, in both natural language processing and computer vision literature. However, the effect of data modification on adversarial robustness remains unclear. In this work, we conduct a comprehensive study of common data modification strategies and evaluate not only their in-domain and OOD performance, but also their adversarial robustness (AR). We also present results on a two-dimensional synthetic dataset to visualize the effect of each method on the training distribution. This work serves as an empirical study towards understanding the relationship between generalizing to unseen domains and defending against adversarial perturbations. Our findings suggest that more data (either via additional datasets or data augmentation) benefits both OOD accuracy and AR. However, data filtering (previously shown to improve OOD accuracy on natural language inference) hurts OOD accuracy on other tasks such as question answering and image classification. We provide insights from our experiments to inform future work in this direction.      
### 83.CARETS: A Consistency And Robustness Evaluative Test Suite for VQA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07613.pdf)
>  We introduce CARETS, a systematic test suite to measure consistency and robustness of modern VQA models through a series of six fine-grained capability tests. In contrast to existing VQA test sets, CARETS features balanced question generation to create pairs of instances to test models, with each pair focusing on a specific capability such as rephrasing, logical symmetry or image obfuscation. We evaluate six modern VQA systems on CARETS and identify several actionable weaknesses in model comprehension, especially with concepts such as negation, disjunction, or hypernym invariance. Interestingly, even the most sophisticated models are sensitive to aspects such as swapping the order of terms in a conjunction or varying the number of answer choices mentioned in the question. We release CARETS to be used as an extensible tool for evaluating multi-modal model robustness.      
### 84.Task-Agnostic Robust Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07596.pdf)
>  It has been reported that deep learning models are extremely vulnerable to small but intentionally chosen perturbations of its input. In particular, a deep network, despite its near-optimal accuracy on the clean images, often mis-classifies an image with a worst-case but humanly imperceptible perturbation (so-called adversarial examples). To tackle this problem, a great amount of research has been done to study the training procedure of a network to improve its robustness. However, most of the research so far has focused on the case of supervised learning. With the increasing popularity of self-supervised learning methods, it is also important to study and improve the robustness of their resulting representation on the downstream tasks. In this paper, we study the problem of robust representation learning with unlabeled data in a task-agnostic manner. Specifically, we first derive an upper bound on the adversarial loss of a prediction model (which is based on the learned representation) on any downstream task, using its loss on the clean data and a robustness regularizer. Moreover, the regularizer is task-independent, thus we propose to minimize it directly during the representation learning phase to make the downstream prediction model more robust. Extensive experiments show that our method achieves preferable adversarial performance compared to relevant baselines.      
### 85.Fast Active Monocular Distance Estimation from Time-to-Contact  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07530.pdf)
>  Distance estimation is fundamental for a variety of robotic applications including navigation, manipulation and planning. Inspired by the mammal's visual system, which gazes at specific objects (active fixation), and estimates when the object will reach it (time-to-contact), we develop a novel constraint between time-to-contact, acceleration, and distance that we call the $\tau$-constraint. It allows an active monocular camera to estimate depth using time-to-contact and inertial measurements (linear accelerations and angular velocities) within a window of time. <br>Our work differs from other approaches by focusing on patches instead of feature points. This is, because the change in the patch area determines the time-to-contact directly. The result enables efficient estimation of distance while using only a small portion of the image, leading to a large speedup. <br>We successfully validate the proposed $\tau$-constraint in the application of estimating camera position with a monocular grayscale camera and an Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU). Specifically, we test our method on different real-world planar objects over trajectories 8-40 seconds in duration and 7-35 meters long. Our method achieves 8.5 cm Average Trajectory Error (ATE) while the popular Visual-Inertial Odometry methods VINS-Mono and ROVIO achieve 12.2 and 16.9 cm ATE respectively. Additionally, our implementation runs 27$\times$ faster than VINS-Mono's and 6.8$\times$ faster than ROVIO's. We believe these results indicate the $\tau$-constraints potential to be the basis of robust, sophisticated algorithms for a multitude of applications involving an active camera and an IMU.      
### 86.Skydiver: A Spiking Neural Network Accelerator Exploiting Spatio-Temporal Workload Balance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07516.pdf)
>  Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs) are developed as a promising alternative to Artificial Neural networks (ANNs) due to their more realistic brain-inspired computing models. SNNs have sparse neuron firing over time, i.e., spatio-temporal sparsity; thus, they are useful to enable energy-efficient hardware inference. However, exploiting spatio-temporal sparsity of SNNs in hardware leads to unpredictable and unbalanced workloads, degrading the energy efficiency. In this work, we propose an FPGA-based convolutional SNN accelerator called Skydiver that exploits spatio-temporal workload balance. We propose the Approximate Proportional Relation Construction (APRC) method that can predict the relative workload channel-wisely and a Channel-Balanced Workload Schedule (CBWS) method to increase the hardware workload balance ratio to over 90%. Skydiver was implemented on a Xilinx XC7Z045 FPGA and verified on image segmentation and MNIST classification tasks. Results show improved throughput by 1.4X and 1.2X for the two tasks. Skydiver achieved 22.6 KFPS throughput, and 42.4 uJ/Image prediction energy on the classification task with 98.5% accuracy.      
### 87.A deep learning pipeline for breast cancer ki-67 proliferation index scoring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07452.pdf)
>  The Ki-67 proliferation index is an essential biomarker that helps pathologists to diagnose and select appropriate treatments. However, automatic evaluation of Ki-67 is difficult due to nuclei overlapping and complex variations in their properties. This paper proposes an integrated pipeline for accurate automatic counting of Ki-67, where the impact of nuclei separation techniques is highlighted. First, semantic segmentation is performed by combining the Squeez and Excitation Resnet and Unet algorithms to extract nuclei from the background. The extracted nuclei are then divided into overlapped and non-overlapped regions based on eight geometric and statistical features. A marker-based Watershed algorithm is subsequently proposed and applied only to the overlapped regions to separate nuclei. Finally, deep features are extracted from each nucleus patch using Resnet18 and classified into positive or negative by a random forest classifier. The proposed pipeline's performance is validated on a dataset from the Department of Pathology at Hôpital Nord Franche-Comté hospital.      
### 88.SATr: Slice Attention with Transformer for Universal Lesion Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.07373.pdf)
>  Universal Lesion Detection (ULD) in computed tomography plays an essential role in computer-aided diagnosis. Promising ULD results have been reported by multi-slice-input detection approaches which model 3D context from multiple adjacent CT slices, but such methods still experience difficulty in obtaining a global representation among different slices and within each individual slice since they only use convolution-based fusion operations. In this paper, we propose a novel Slice Attention Transformer (SATr) block which can be easily plugged into convolution-based ULD backbones to form hybrid network structures. Such newly formed hybrid backbones can better model long-distance feature dependency via the cascaded self-attention modules in the Transformer block while still holding a strong power of modeling local features with the convolutional operations in the original backbone. Experiments with five state-of-the-art methods show that the proposed SATr block can provide an almost free boost to lesion detection accuracy without extra hyperparameters or special network designs.      
