# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 28 Mar 2022
### 1.AutoAvatar: Autoregressive Neural Fields for Dynamic Avatar Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13817.pdf)
>  Neural fields such as implicit surfaces have recently enabled avatar modeling from raw scans without explicit temporal correspondences. In this work, we exploit autoregressive modeling to further extend this notion to capture dynamic effects, such as soft-tissue deformations. Although autoregressive models are naturally capable of handling dynamics, it is non-trivial to apply them to implicit representations, as explicit state decoding is infeasible due to prohibitive memory requirements. In this work, for the first time, we enable autoregressive modeling of implicit avatars. To reduce the memory bottleneck and efficiently model dynamic implicit surfaces, we introduce the notion of articulated observer points, which relate implicit states to the explicit surface of a parametric human body model. We demonstrate that encoding implicit surfaces as a set of height fields defined on articulated observer points leads to significantly better generalization compared to a latent representation. The experiments show that our approach outperforms the state of the art, achieving plausible dynamic deformations even for unseen motions. <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://zqbai-jeremy.github.io/autoavatar" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 2.Versatile Multi-Modal Pre-Training for Human-Centric Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13815.pdf)
>  Human-centric perception plays a vital role in vision and graphics. But their data annotations are prohibitively expensive. Therefore, it is desirable to have a versatile pre-train model that serves as a foundation for data-efficient downstream tasks transfer. To this end, we propose the Human-Centric Multi-Modal Contrastive Learning framework HCMoCo that leverages the multi-modal nature of human data (e.g. RGB, depth, 2D keypoints) for effective representation learning. The objective comes with two main challenges: dense pre-train for multi-modality data, efficient usage of sparse human priors. To tackle the challenges, we design the novel Dense Intra-sample Contrastive Learning and Sparse Structure-aware Contrastive Learning targets by hierarchically learning a modal-invariant latent space featured with continuous and ordinal feature distribution and structure-aware semantic consistency. HCMoCo provides pre-train for different modalities by combining heterogeneous datasets, which allows efficient usage of existing task-specific human data. Extensive experiments on four downstream tasks of different modalities demonstrate the effectiveness of HCMoCo, especially under data-efficient settings (7.16% and 12% improvement on DensePose Estimation and Human Parsing). Moreover, we demonstrate the versatility of HCMoCo by exploring cross-modality supervision and missing-modality inference, validating its strong ability in cross-modal association and reasoning.      
### 3.Spatially Multi-conditional Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13812.pdf)
>  In most scenarios, conditional image generation can be thought of as an inversion of the image understanding process. Since generic image understanding involves the solving of multiple tasks, it is natural to aim at the generation of images via multi-conditioning. However, multi-conditional image generation is a very challenging problem due to the heterogeneity and the sparsity of the (in practice) available conditioning labels. In this work, we propose a novel neural architecture to address the problem of heterogeneity and sparsity of the spatially multi-conditional labels. Our choice of spatial conditioning, such as by semantics and depth, is driven by the promise it holds for better control of the image generation process. The proposed method uses a transformer-like architecture operating pixel-wise, which receives the available labels as input tokens to merge them in a learned homogeneous space of labels. The merged labels are then used for image generation via conditional generative adversarial training. In this process, the sparsity of the labels is handled by simply dropping the input tokens corresponding to the missing labels at the desired locations, thanks to the proposed pixel-wise operating architecture. Our experiments on three benchmark datasets demonstrate the clear superiority of our method over the state-of-the-art and the compared baselines.      
### 4.Playing Lottery Tickets in Style Transfer Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13802.pdf)
>  Style transfer has achieved great success and attracted a wide range of attention from both academic and industrial communities due to its flexible application scenarios. However, the dependence on pretty large VGG based autoencoder leads to existing style transfer models have a high parameter complexities which limits the application for resource-constrained devices. Unfortunately, the compression of style transfer model has less been explored. In parallel, study on the lottery ticket hypothesis (LTH) has shown great potential in finding extremely sparse matching subnetworks which can achieve on par or even better performance than original full networks when trained in isolation. In this work, we perform the first empirical study to verify whether such trainable networks also exist in style transfer models. From a wide range of style transfer methods, we choose two of the most popular style transfer models as the main testbeds, i.e., AdaIN and SANet, representing approaches of global and local transformation based style transfer respectively. Through extensive experiments and comprehensive analysis, we draw the following main conclusions. (1) Compared with fixing VGG encoder, style transfer models can benefit more from training the whole network together. (2) Using iterative magnitude pruning, we find the most sparse matching subnetworks at 89.2% in AdaIN and 73.7% in SANet, which suggests that style transfer models can play lottery tickets too. (3) Feature transformation module should also be pruned to get a sparser model without affecting the existence and quality of matching subnetworks. (4) Besides AdaIN and SANet, other models such as LST, MANet, AdaAttN and MCCNet can also play lottert tickets, which shows that LTH can be generalized to various style transfer models.      
### 5.Continuous Dynamic-NeRF: Spline-NeRF  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13800.pdf)
>  The problem of reconstructing continuous functions over time is important for problems such as reconstructing moving scenes, and interpolating between time steps. Previous approaches that use deep-learning rely on regularization to ensure that reconstructions are approximately continuous, which works well on short sequences. As sequence length grows, though, it becomes more difficult to regularize, and it becomes less feasible to learn only through regularization. We propose a new architecture for function reconstruction based on classical Bezier splines, which ensures $C^0$ and $C^1$-continuity, where $C^0$ continuity is that $\forall c:\lim\limits_{x\to c} f(x) <br>= f(c)$, or more intuitively that there are no breaks at any point in the function. In order to demonstrate our architecture, we reconstruct dynamic scenes using Neural Radiance Fields, but hope it is clear that our approach is general and can be applied to a variety of problems. We recover a Bezier spline $B(\beta, t\in[0,1])$, parametrized by the control points $\beta$. Using Bezier splines ensures reconstructions have $C^0$ and $C^1$ continuity, allowing for guaranteed interpolation over time. We reconstruct $\beta$ with a multi-layer perceptron (MLP), blending machine learning with classical animation techniques. All code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JulianKnodt/nerf_atlas" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>, and datasets are from prior work.      
### 6.Stochastic Trajectory Prediction via Motion Indeterminacy Diffusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13777.pdf)
>  Human behavior has the nature of indeterminacy, which requires the pedestrian trajectory prediction system to model the multi-modality of future motion states. Unlike existing stochastic trajectory prediction methods which usually use a latent variable to represent multi-modality, we explicitly simulate the process of human motion variation from indeterminate to determinate. In this paper, we present a new framework to formulate the trajectory prediction task as a reverse process of motion indeterminacy diffusion (MID), in which we progressively discard indeterminacy from all the walkable areas until reaching the desired trajectory. This process is learned with a parameterized Markov chain conditioned by the observed trajectories. We can adjust the length of the chain to control the degree of indeterminacy and balance the diversity and determinacy of the predictions. Specifically, we encode the history behavior information and the social interactions as a state embedding and devise a Transformer-based diffusion model to capture the temporal dependencies of trajectories. Extensive experiments on the human trajectory prediction benchmarks including the Stanford Drone and ETH/UCY datasets demonstrate the superiority of our method. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gutianpei/MID" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.Analysis of the use of color and its emotional relationship in visual creations based on experiences during the context of the COVID-19 pandemic  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13770.pdf)
>  Color is a complex communicative element that helps us understand and evaluate our environment. At the level of artistic creation, this component influences both the formal aspects of the composition and the symbolic weight, directly affecting the construction and transmission of the message that you want to communicate, creating a specific emotional reaction. During the COVID-19 pandemic, people generated countless images transmitting this event's subjective experiences. Using the repository of images created in the Instagram account CAM (The COVID Art Museum), we propose a methodology to understand the use of color and its emotional relationship in this context. The process considers two stages in parallel that are then combined. First, emotions are extracted and classified from the CAM dataset images through a convolutional neural network. Second, we extract the colors and their harmonies through a clustering process. Once both processes are completed, we combine the results generating an expanded discussion on the usage of color, harmonies, and emotion. The results indicate that warm colors are prevalent in the sample, with a preference for analog compositions over complementary ones. The relationship between emotions and these compositions shows a trend in positive emotions, reinforced by the results of the algorithm a priori and the emotional relationship analysis of the attributes of color (hue, chroma, and lighting).      
### 8.FReSCO: Flow Reconstruction and Segmentation for low latency Cardiac Output monitoring using deep artifact suppression and segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13729.pdf)
>  Purpose: Real-time monitoring of cardiac output (CO) requires low latency reconstruction and segmentation of real-time phase contrast MR (PCMR), which has previously been difficult to perform. Here we propose a deep learning framework for 'Flow Reconstruction and Segmentation for low latency Cardiac Output monitoring' (FReSCO). <br>Methods: Deep artifact suppression and segmentation U-Nets were independently trained. Breath hold spiral PCMR data (n=516) was synthetically undersampled using a variable density spiral sampling pattern and gridded to create aliased data for training of the artifact suppression U-net. A subset of the data (n=96) was segmented and used to train the segmentation U-net. Real-time spiral PCMR was prospectively acquired and then reconstructed and segmented using the trained models (FReSCO) at low latency at the scanner in 10 healthy subjects during rest, exercise and recovery periods. CO obtained via FReSCO was compared to a reference rest CO and rest and exercise Compressed Sensing (CS) CO. <br>Results: FReSCO was demonstrated prospectively at the scanner. Beat-to-beat heartrate, stroke volume and CO could be visualized with a mean latency of 622ms. No significant differences were noted when compared to reference at rest (Bias = -0.21+-0.50 L/min, p=0.246) or CS at peak exercise (Bias=0.12+-0.48 L/min, p=0.458). <br>Conclusion: FReSCO was successfully demonstrated for real-time monitoring of CO during exercise and could provide a convenient tool for assessment of the hemodynamic response to a range of stressors.      
### 9.Salt Detection Using Segmentation of Seismic Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13721.pdf)
>  In this project, a state-of-the-art deep convolution neural network (DCNN) is presented to segment seismic images for salt detection below the earth's surface. Detection of salt location is very important for starting mining. Hence, a seismic image is used to detect the exact salt location under the earth's surface. However, precisely detecting the exact location of salt deposits is difficult. Therefore, professional seismic imaging still requires expert human interpretation of salt bodies. This leads to very subjective, highly variable renderings. Hence, to create the most accurate seismic images and 3D renderings, we need a robust algorithm that automatically and accurately identifies if a surface target is a salt or not. Since the performance of DCNN is well-known and well-established for object recognition in images, DCNN is a very good choice for this particular problem and being successfully applied to a dataset of seismic images in which each pixel is labeled as salt or not. The result of this algorithm is promising.      
### 10.Digital Fingerprinting of Microstructures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13718.pdf)
>  Finding efficient means of fingerprinting microstructural information is a critical step towards harnessing data-centric machine learning approaches. A statistical framework is systematically developed for compressed characterisation of a population of images, which includes some classical computer vision methods as special cases. The focus is on materials microstructure. The ultimate purpose is to rapidly fingerprint sample images in the context of various high-throughput design/make/test scenarios. This includes, but is not limited to, quantification of the disparity between microstructures for quality control, classifying microstructures, predicting materials properties from image data and identifying potential processing routes to engineer new materials with specific properties. Here, we consider microstructure classification and utilise the resulting features over a range of related machine learning tasks, namely supervised, semi-supervised, and unsupervised learning. <br>The approach is applied to two distinct datasets to illustrate various aspects and some recommendations are made based on the findings. In particular, methods that leverage transfer learning with convolutional neural networks (CNNs), pretrained on the ImageNet dataset, are generally shown to outperform other methods. Additionally, dimensionality reduction of these CNN-based fingerprints is shown to have negligible impact on classification accuracy for the supervised learning approaches considered. In situations where there is a large dataset with only a handful of images labelled, graph-based label propagation to unlabelled data is shown to be favourable over discarding unlabelled data and performing supervised learning. In particular, label propagation by Poisson learning is shown to be highly effective at low label rates.      
### 11.Stabilizing Adversarially Learned One-Class Novelty Detection Using Pseudo Anomalies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13716.pdf)
>  Recently, anomaly scores have been formulated using reconstruction loss of the adversarially learned generators and/or classification loss of discriminators. Unavailability of anomaly examples in the training data makes optimization of such networks challenging. Attributed to the adversarial training, performance of such models fluctuates drastically with each training step, making it difficult to halt the training at an optimal point. In the current study, we propose a robust anomaly detection framework that overcomes such instability by transforming the fundamental role of the discriminator from identifying real vs. fake data to distinguishing good vs. bad quality reconstructions. For this purpose, we propose a method that utilizes the current state as well as an old state of the same generator to create good and bad quality reconstruction examples. The discriminator is trained on these examples to detect the subtle distortions that are often present in the reconstructions of anomalous data. In addition, we propose an efficient generic criterion to stop the training of our model, ensuring elevated performance. Extensive experiments performed on six datasets across multiple domains including image and video based anomaly detection, medical diagnosis, and network security, have demonstrated excellent performance of our approach.      
### 12.Searching for Network Width with Bilaterally Coupled Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13714.pdf)
>  Searching for a more compact network width recently serves as an effective way of channel pruning for the deployment of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) under hardware constraints. To fulfill the searching, a one-shot supernet is usually leveraged to efficiently evaluate the performance \wrt~different network widths. However, current methods mainly follow a \textit{unilaterally augmented} (UA) principle for the evaluation of each width, which induces the training unfairness of channels in supernet. In this paper, we introduce a new supernet called Bilaterally Coupled Network (BCNet) to address this issue. In BCNet, each channel is fairly trained and responsible for the same amount of network widths, thus each network width can be evaluated more accurately. Besides, we propose to reduce the redundant search space and present the BCNetV2 as the enhanced supernet to ensure rigorous training fairness over channels. Furthermore, we leverage a stochastic complementary strategy for training the BCNet, and propose a prior initial population sampling method to boost the performance of the evolutionary search. We also propose the first open-source width benchmark on macro structures named Channel-Bench-Macro for the better comparison of width search algorithms. Extensive experiments on benchmark CIFAR-10 and ImageNet datasets indicate that our method can achieve state-of-the-art or competing performance over other baseline methods. Moreover, our method turns out to further boost the performance of NAS models by refining their network widths. For example, with the same FLOPs budget, our obtained EfficientNet-B0 achieves 77.53\% Top-1 accuracy on ImageNet dataset, surpassing the performance of original setting by 0.65\%.      
### 13.Clustering Aided Weakly Supervised Training to Detect Anomalous Events in Surveillance Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13704.pdf)
>  Formulating learning systems for the detection of real-world anomalous events using only video-level labels is a challenging task mainly due to the presence of noisy labels as well as the rare occurrence of anomalous events in the training data. We propose a weakly supervised anomaly detection system which has multiple contributions including a random batch selection mechanism to reduce inter-batch correlation and a normalcy suppression block which learns to minimize anomaly scores over normal regions of a video by utilizing the overall information available in a training batch. In addition, a clustering loss block is proposed to mitigate the label noise and to improve the representation learning for the anomalous and normal regions. This block encourages the backbone network to produce two distinct feature clusters representing normal and anomalous events. Extensive analysis of the proposed approach is provided using three popular anomaly detection datasets including UCF-Crime, ShanghaiTech, and UCSD Ped2. The experiments demonstrate a superior anomaly detection capability of our approach.      
### 14.Unsupervised Image Deraining: Optimization Model Driven Deep CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13699.pdf)
>  The deep convolutional neural network has achieved significant progress for single image rain streak removal. However, most of the data-driven learning methods are full-supervised or semi-supervised, unexpectedly suffering from significant performance drops when dealing with real rain. These data-driven learning methods are representative yet generalize poor for real rain. The opposite holds true for the model-driven unsupervised optimization methods. To overcome these problems, we propose a unified unsupervised learning framework which inherits the generalization and representation merits for real rain removal. Specifically, we first discover a simple yet important domain knowledge that directional rain streak is anisotropic while the natural clean image is isotropic, and formulate the structural discrepancy into the energy function of the optimization model. Consequently, we design an optimization model-driven deep CNN in which the unsupervised loss function of the optimization model is enforced on the proposed network for better generalization. In addition, the architecture of the network mimics the main role of the optimization models with better feature representation. On one hand, we take advantage of the deep network to improve the representation. On the other hand, we utilize the unsupervised loss of the optimization model for better generalization. Overall, the unsupervised learning framework achieves good generalization and representation: unsupervised training (loss) with only a few real rainy images (input) and physical meaning network (architecture). Extensive experiments on synthetic and real-world rain datasets show the superiority of the proposed method.      
### 15.Implicit Neural Representations for Variable Length Human Motion Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13694.pdf)
>  We propose an action-conditional human motion generation method using variational implicit neural representations (INR). The variational formalism enables action-conditional distributions of INRs, from which one can easily sample representations to generate novel human motion sequences. Our method offers variable-length sequence generation by construction because a part of INR is optimized for a whole sequence of arbitrary length with temporal embeddings. In contrast, previous works reported difficulties with modeling variable-length sequences. We confirm that our method with a Transformer decoder outperforms all relevant methods on HumanAct12, NTU-RGBD, and UESTC datasets in terms of realism and diversity of generated motions. Surprisingly, even our method with an MLP decoder consistently outperforms the state-of-the-art Transformer-based auto-encoder. In particular, we show that variable-length motions generated by our method are better than fixed-length motions generated by the state-of-the-art method in terms of realism and diversity.      
### 16.The TerraByte Client: providing access to terabytes of plant data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13691.pdf)
>  In this paper we demonstrate the TerraByte Client, a software to download user-defined plant datasets from a data portal hosted at Compute Canada. To that end the client offers two key functionalities: (1) It allows the user to get an overview on what data is available and a quick way to visually check samples of that data. For this the client receives the results of queries to a database and displays the number of images that fulfill the search criteria. Furthermore, a sample can be downloaded within seconds to confirm that the data suits the user's needs. (2) The user can then download the specified data to their own drive. This data is prepared into chunks server-side and sent to the user's end-system, where it is automatically extracted into individual files. The first chunks of data are available for inspection after a brief waiting period of a minute or less depending on available bandwidth and type of data. The TerraByte Client has a full graphical user interface for easy usage and uses end-to-end encryption. The user interface is built on top of a low-level client. This architecture in combination of offering the client program open-source makes it possible for the user to develop their own user interface or use the client's functionality directly. An example for direct usage could be to download specific data on demand within a larger application, such as training machine learning models.      
### 17.Dense Continuous-Time Optical Flow from Events and Frames  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13674.pdf)
>  We present a method for estimating dense continuous-time optical flow. Traditional dense optical flow methods compute the pixel displacement between two images. Due to missing information, these approaches cannot recover the pixel trajectories in the blind time between two images. In this work, we show that it is possible to compute per-pixel, continuous-time optical flow by additionally using events from an event camera. Events provide temporally fine-grained information about movement in image space due to their asynchronous nature and microsecond response time. We leverage these benefits to predict pixel trajectories densely in continuous-time via parameterized Bézier curves. To achieve this, we introduce multiple innovations to build a neural network with strong inductive biases for this task: First, we build multiple sequential correlation volumes in time using event data. Second, we use Bézier curves to index these correlation volumes at multiple timestamps along the trajectory. Third, we use the retrieved correlation to update the Bézier curve representations iteratively. Our method can optionally include image pairs to boost performance further. The proposed approach outperforms existing image-based and event-based methods by 11.5 % lower EPE on DSEC-Flow. Finally, we introduce a novel synthetic dataset MultiFlow for pixel trajectory regression on which our method is currently the only successful approach.      
### 18.Adjacent Context Coordination Network for Salient Object Detection in Optical Remote Sensing Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13664.pdf)
>  Salient object detection (SOD) in optical remote sensing images (RSIs), or RSI-SOD, is an emerging topic in understanding optical RSIs. However, due to the difference between optical RSIs and natural scene images (NSIs), directly applying NSI-SOD methods to optical RSIs fails to achieve satisfactory results. In this paper, we propose a novel Adjacent Context Coordination Network (ACCoNet) to explore the coordination of adjacent features in an encoder-decoder architecture for RSI-SOD. Specifically, ACCoNet consists of three parts: an encoder, Adjacent Context Coordination Modules (ACCoMs), and a decoder. As the key component of ACCoNet, ACCoM activates the salient regions of output features of the encoder and transmits them to the decoder. ACCoM contains a local branch and two adjacent branches to coordinate the multi-level features simultaneously. The local branch highlights the salient regions in an adaptive way, while the adjacent branches introduce global information of adjacent levels to enhance salient regions. Additionally, to extend the capabilities of the classic decoder block (i.e., several cascaded convolutional layers), we extend it with two bifurcations and propose a Bifurcation-Aggregation Block to capture the contextual information in the decoder. Extensive experiments on two benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed ACCoNet outperforms 22 state-of-the-art methods under nine evaluation metrics, and runs up to 81 fps on a single NVIDIA Titan X GPU. The code and results of our method are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MathLee/ACCoNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.MDsrv -- visual sharing and analysis of molecular dynamics simulations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13658.pdf)
>  Molecular dynamics simulation is a proven technique for computing and visualizing the time-resolved motion of macromolecules at atomic resolution. The MDsrv is a tool that streams MD trajectories and displays them interactively in web browsers without requiring advanced skills, facilitating interactive exploration and collaborative visual analysis. We have now enhanced the MDsrv to further simplify the upload and sharing of MD trajectories and improve their online viewing and analysis. With the new instance, the MDsrv simplifies the creation of sessions, which allows the exchange of MD trajectories with preset representations and perspectives. An important innovation is that the MDsrv can now access and visualize trajectories from remote datasets, which greatly expands its applicability and use, as the data no longer needs to be accessible on a local server. In addition, initial analyses such as sequence or structure alignments, distance measurements, or RMSD calculations have been implemented, which optionally support visual analysis. Finally, the MDsrv now offers a faster and more efficient visualization of even large trajectories.      
### 20.StretchBEV: Stretching Future Instance Prediction Spatially and Temporally  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13641.pdf)
>  In self-driving, predicting future in terms of location and motion of all the agents around the vehicle is a crucial requirement for planning. Recently, a new joint formulation of perception and prediction has emerged by fusing rich sensory information perceived from multiple cameras into a compact bird's-eye view representation to perform prediction. However, the quality of future predictions degrades over time while extending to longer time horizons due to multiple plausible predictions. In this work, we address this inherent uncertainty in future predictions with a stochastic temporal model. Our model learns temporal dynamics in a latent space through stochastic residual updates at each time step. By sampling from a learned distribution at each time step, we obtain more diverse future predictions that are also more accurate compared to previous work, especially stretching both spatially further regions in the scene and temporally over longer time horizons. Despite separate processing of each time step, our model is still efficient through decoupling of the learning of dynamics and the generation of future predictions.      
### 21.Give Me Your Attention: Dot-Product Attention Considered Harmful for Adversarial Patch Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13639.pdf)
>  Neural architectures based on attention such as vision transformers are revolutionizing image recognition. Their main benefit is that attention allows reasoning about all parts of a scene jointly. In this paper, we show how the global reasoning of (scaled) dot-product attention can be the source of a major vulnerability when confronted with adversarial patch attacks. We provide a theoretical understanding of this vulnerability and relate it to an adversary's ability to misdirect the attention of all queries to a single key token under the control of the adversarial patch. We propose novel adversarial objectives for crafting adversarial patches which target this vulnerability explicitly. We show the effectiveness of the proposed patch attacks on popular image classification (ViTs and DeiTs) and object detection models (DETR). We find that adversarial patches occupying 0.5% of the input can lead to robust accuracies as low as 0% for ViT on ImageNet, and reduce the mAP of DETR on MS COCO to less than 3%.      
### 22.Class-Incremental Learning for Action Recognition in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13611.pdf)
>  We tackle catastrophic forgetting problem in the context of class-incremental learning for video recognition, which has not been explored actively despite the popularity of continual learning. Our framework addresses this challenging task by introducing time-channel importance maps and exploiting the importance maps for learning the representations of incoming examples via knowledge distillation. We also incorporate a regularization scheme in our objective function, which encourages individual features obtained from different time steps in a video to be uncorrelated and eventually improves accuracy by alleviating catastrophic forgetting. We evaluate the proposed approach on brand-new splits of class-incremental action recognition benchmarks constructed upon the UCF101, HMDB51, and Something-Something V2 datasets, and demonstrate the effectiveness of our algorithm in comparison to the existing continual learning methods that are originally designed for image data.      
### 23.Learning to Adapt to Unseen Abnormal Activities under Weak Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13610.pdf)
>  We present a meta-learning framework for weakly supervised anomaly detection in videos, where the detector learns to adapt to unseen types of abnormal activities effectively when only video-level annotations of binary labels are available. Our work is motivated by the fact that existing methods suffer from poor generalization to diverse unseen examples. We claim that an anomaly detector equipped with a meta-learning scheme alleviates the limitation by leading the model to an initialization point for better optimization. We evaluate the performance of our framework on two challenging datasets, UCF-Crime and ShanghaiTech. The experimental results demonstrate that our algorithm boosts the capability to localize unseen abnormal events in a weakly supervised setting. Besides the technical contributions, we perform the annotation of missing labels in the UCF-Crime dataset and make our task evaluated effectively.      
### 24.Unsupervised Pre-training for Temporal Action Localization Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13609.pdf)
>  Unsupervised video representation learning has made remarkable achievements in recent years. However, most existing methods are designed and optimized for video classification. These pre-trained models can be sub-optimal for temporal localization tasks due to the inherent discrepancy between video-level classification and clip-level localization. To bridge this gap, we make the first attempt to propose a self-supervised pretext task, coined as Pseudo Action Localization (PAL) to Unsupervisedly Pre-train feature encoders for Temporal Action Localization tasks (UP-TAL). Specifically, we first randomly select temporal regions, each of which contains multiple clips, from one video as pseudo actions and then paste them onto different temporal positions of the other two videos. The pretext task is to align the features of pasted pseudo action regions from two synthetic videos and maximize the agreement between them. Compared to the existing unsupervised video representation learning approaches, our PAL adapts better to downstream TAL tasks by introducing a temporal equivariant contrastive learning paradigm in a temporally dense and scale-aware manner. Extensive experiments show that PAL can utilize large-scale unlabeled video data to significantly boost the performance of existing TAL methods. Our codes and models will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhang-can/UP-TAL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.Rope3D: TheRoadside Perception Dataset for Autonomous Driving and Monocular 3D Object Detection Task  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13608.pdf)
>  Concurrent perception datasets for autonomous driving are mainly limited to frontal view with sensors mounted on the vehicle. None of them is designed for the overlooked roadside perception tasks. On the other hand, the data captured from roadside cameras have strengths over frontal-view data, which is believed to facilitate a safer and more intelligent autonomous driving system. To accelerate the progress of roadside perception, we present the first high-diversity challenging Roadside Perception 3D dataset- Rope3D from a novel view. The dataset consists of 50k images and over 1.5M 3D objects in various scenes, which are captured under different settings including various cameras with ambiguous mounting positions, camera specifications, viewpoints, and different environmental conditions. We conduct strict 2D-3D joint annotation and comprehensive data analysis, as well as set up a new 3D roadside perception benchmark with metrics and evaluation devkit. Furthermore, we tailor the existing frontal-view monocular 3D object detection approaches and propose to leverage the geometry constraint to solve the inherent ambiguities caused by various sensors, viewpoints. Our dataset is available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://thudair.baai.ac.cn/rope" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 26.Fast Hybrid Image Retargeting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13595.pdf)
>  Image retargeting changes the aspect ratio of images while aiming to preserve content and minimise noticeable distortion. Fast and high-quality methods are particularly relevant at present, due to the large variety of image and display aspect ratios. We propose a retargeting method that quantifies and limits warping distortions with the use of content-aware cropping. The pipeline of the proposed approach consists of the following steps. First, an importance map of a source image is generated using deep semantic segmentation and saliency detection models. Then, a preliminary warping mesh is computed using axis aligned deformations, enhanced with the use of a distortion measure to ensure low warping deformations. Finally, the retargeted image is produced using a content-aware cropping algorithm. In order to evaluate our method, we perform a user study based on the RetargetMe benchmark. Experimental analyses show that our method outperforms recent approaches, while running in a fraction of their execution time.      
### 27.Continual Test-Time Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13591.pdf)
>  Test-time domain adaptation aims to adapt a source pre-trained model to a target domain without using any source data. Existing works mainly consider the case where the target domain is static. However, real-world machine perception systems are running in non-stationary and continually changing environments where the target domain distribution can change over time. Existing methods, which are mostly based on self-training and entropy regularization, can suffer from these non-stationary environments. Due to the distribution shift over time in the target domain, pseudo-labels become unreliable. The noisy pseudo-labels can further lead to error accumulation and catastrophic forgetting. To tackle these issues, we propose a continual test-time adaptation approach~(CoTTA) which comprises two parts. Firstly, we propose to reduce the error accumulation by using weight-averaged and augmentation-averaged predictions which are often more accurate. On the other hand, to avoid catastrophic forgetting, we propose to stochastically restore a small part of the neurons to the source pre-trained weights during each iteration to help preserve source knowledge in the long-term. The proposed method enables the long-term adaptation for all parameters in the network. CoTTA is easy to implement and can be readily incorporated in off-the-shelf pre-trained models. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on four classification tasks and a segmentation task for continual test-time adaptation, on which we outperform existing methods. Our code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://qin.ee/cotta" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 28.A Visual Navigation Perspective for Category-Level Object Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13572.pdf)
>  This paper studies category-level object pose estimation based on a single monocular image. Recent advances in pose-aware generative models have paved the way for addressing this challenging task using analysis-by-synthesis. The idea is to sequentially update a set of latent variables, e.g., pose, shape, and appearance, of the generative model until the generated image best agrees with the observation. However, convergence and efficiency are two challenges of this inference procedure. In this paper, we take a deeper look at the inference of analysis-by-synthesis from the perspective of visual navigation, and investigate what is a good navigation policy for this specific task. We evaluate three different strategies, including gradient descent, reinforcement learning and imitation learning, via thorough comparisons in terms of convergence, robustness and efficiency. Moreover, we show that a simple hybrid approach leads to an effective and efficient solution. We further compare these strategies to state-of-the-art methods, and demonstrate superior performance on synthetic and real-world datasets leveraging off-the-shelf pose-aware generative models.      
### 29.Neural Networks with Divisive normalization for image segmentation with application in cityscapes dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13558.pdf)
>  One of the key problems in computer vision is adaptation: models are too rigid to follow the variability of the inputs. The canonical computation that explains adaptation in sensory neuroscience is divisive normalization, and it has appealing effects on image manifolds. In this work we show that including divisive normalization in current deep networks makes them more invariant to non-informative changes in the images. In particular, we focus on U-Net architectures for image segmentation. Experiments show that the inclusion of divisive normalization in the U-Net architecture leads to better segmentation results with respect to conventional U-Net. The gain increases steadily when dealing with images acquired in bad weather conditions. In addition to the results on the Cityscapes and Foggy Cityscapes datasets, we explain these advantages through visualization of the responses: the equalization induced by the divisive normalization leads to more invariant features to local changes in contrast and illumination.      
### 30.Deformable Butterfly: A Highly Structured and Sparse Linear Transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13556.pdf)
>  We introduce a new kind of linear transform named Deformable Butterfly (DeBut) that generalizes the conventional butterfly matrices and can be adapted to various input-output dimensions. It inherits the fine-to-coarse-grained learnable hierarchy of traditional butterflies and when deployed to neural networks, the prominent structures and sparsity in a DeBut layer constitutes a new way for network compression. We apply DeBut as a drop-in replacement of standard fully connected and convolutional layers, and demonstrate its superiority in homogenizing a neural network and rendering it favorable properties such as light weight and low inference complexity, without compromising accuracy. The natural complexity-accuracy tradeoff arising from the myriad deformations of a DeBut layer also opens up new rooms for analytical and practical research. The codes and Appendix are publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ruilin0212/DeBut" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Efficient Visual Tracking via Hierarchical Cross-Attention Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13537.pdf)
>  In recent years, target tracking has made great progress in accuracy. This development is mainly attributed to powerful networks (such as transformers) and additional modules (such as online update and refinement modules). However, less attention has been paid to tracking speed. Most state-of-the-art trackers are satisfied with the real-time speed on powerful GPUs. However, practical applications necessitate higher requirements for tracking speed, especially when edge platforms with limited resources are used. In this work, we present an efficient tracking method via a hierarchical cross-attention transformer named HCAT. Our model runs about 195 fps on GPU, 45 fps on CPU, and 55 fps on the edge AI platform of NVidia Jetson AGX Xavier. Experiments show that our HCAT achieves promising results on LaSOT, GOT-10k, TrackingNet, NFS, OTB100, UAV123, and VOT2020. Code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/chenxin-dlut/HCAT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.High-Performance Transformer Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13533.pdf)
>  Correlation has a critical role in the tracking field, especially in recent popular Siamese-based trackers. The correlation operation is a simple fusion manner to consider the similarity between the template and the search region. However, the correlation operation is a local linear matching process, losing semantic information and falling into local optimum easily, which may be the bottleneck of designing high-accuracy tracking algorithms. In this work, to determine whether a better feature fusion method exists than correlation, a novel attention-based feature fusion network, inspired by Transformer, is presented. This network effectively combines the template and the search region features using attention. Specifically, the proposed method includes an ego-context augment module based on self-attention and a cross-feature augment module based on cross-attention. First, we present a Transformer tracking (named TransT) method based on the Siamese-like feature extraction backbone, the designed attention-based fusion mechanism, and the classification and regression head. Based on the TransT baseline, we further design a segmentation branch to generate an accurate mask. Finally, we propose a stronger version of TransT by extending TransT with a multi-template design and an IoU prediction head, named TransT-M. Experiments show that our TransT and TransT-M methods achieve promising results on seven popular datasets. Code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/chenxin-dlut/TransT-M" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.Multimodal Pre-training Based on Graph Attention Network for Document Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13530.pdf)
>  Document intelligence as a relatively new research topic supports many business applications. Its main task is to automatically read, understand, and analyze documents. However, due to the diversity of formats (invoices, reports, forms, etc.) and layouts in documents, it is difficult to make machines understand documents. In this paper, we present the GraphDoc, a multimodal graph attention-based model for various document understanding tasks. GraphDoc is pre-trained in a multimodal framework by utilizing text, layout, and image information simultaneously. In a document, a text block relies heavily on its surrounding contexts, so we inject the graph structure into the attention mechanism to form a graph attention layer so that each input node can only attend to its neighborhoods. The input nodes of each graph attention layer are composed of textual, visual, and positional features from semantically meaningful regions in a document image. We do the multimodal feature fusion of each node by the gate fusion layer. The contextualization between each node is modeled by the graph attention layer. GraphDoc learns a generic representation from only 320k unlabeled documents via the Masked Sentence Modeling task. Extensive experimental results on the publicly available datasets show that GraphDoc achieves state-of-the-art performance, which demonstrates the effectiveness of our proposed method.      
### 34.Analysis of the Production Strategy of Mask Types in the COVID-19 Environment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13506.pdf)
>  Since the outbreak of the COVID-19 in December 2019, medical protective equipment such as disposable medical masks and KN95 masks have become essential resources for the public. Enterprises in all sectors of society have also transformed the production of medical masks. After the outbreak, how to choose the right time to produce medical protective masks, and what type of medical masks to produce will play a positive role in preventing and controlling the epidemic in a short time. In this regard, the evolutionary game competition analysis will be conducted through the relevant data of disposable medical masks and KN95 masks to determine the appropriate nodes for the production of corresponding mask types. After the research and analysis of the production strategy of mask types, it has a positive effect on how to guide the resumption of work and production.      
### 35.Contrastive learning of Class-agnostic Activation Map for Weakly Supervised Object Localization and Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13505.pdf)
>  While class activation map (CAM) generated by image classification network has been widely used for weakly supervised object localization (WSOL) and semantic segmentation (WSSS), such classifiers usually focus on discriminative object regions. In this paper, we propose Contrastive learning for Class-agnostic Activation Map (C$^2$AM) generation only using unlabeled image data, without the involvement of image-level supervision. The core idea comes from the observation that i) semantic information of foreground objects usually differs from their backgrounds; ii) foreground objects with similar appearance or background with similar color/texture have similar representations in the feature space. We form the positive and negative pairs based on the above relations and force the network to disentangle foreground and background with a class-agnostic activation map using a novel contrastive loss. As the network is guided to discriminate cross-image foreground-background, the class-agnostic activation maps learned by our approach generate more complete object regions. We successfully extracted from C$^2$AM class-agnostic object bounding boxes for object localization and background cues to refine CAM generated by classification network for semantic segmentation. Extensive experiments on CUB-200-2011, ImageNet-1K, and PASCAL VOC2012 datasets show that both WSOL and WSSS can benefit from the proposed C$^2$AM.      
### 36.Compare learning: bi-attention network for few-shot learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13487.pdf)
>  Learning with few labeled data is a key challenge for visual recognition, as deep neural networks tend to overfit using a few samples only. One of the Few-shot learning methods called metric learning addresses this challenge by first learning a deep distance metric to determine whether a pair of images belong to the same category, then applying the trained metric to instances from other test set with limited labels. This method makes the most of the few samples and limits the overfitting effectively. However, extant metric networks usually employ Linear classifiers or Convolutional neural networks (CNN) that are not precise enough to globally capture the subtle differences between vectors. In this paper, we propose a novel approach named Bi-attention network to compare the instances, which can measure the similarity between embeddings of instances precisely, globally and efficiently. We verify the effectiveness of our model on two benchmarks. Experiments show that our approach achieved improved accuracy and convergence speed over baseline models.      
### 37.Improving Adversarial Transferability with Spatial Momentum  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13479.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNN) are vulnerable to adversarial examples. Although many adversarial attack methods achieve satisfactory attack success rates under the white-box setting, they usually show poor transferability when attacking other DNN models. Momentum-based attack (MI-FGSM) is one effective method to improve transferability. It integrates the momentum term into the iterative process, which can stabilize the update directions by adding the gradients' temporal correlation for each pixel. We argue that only this temporal momentum is not enough, the gradients from the spatial domain within an image, i.e. gradients from the context pixels centered on the target pixel are also important to the stabilization. For that, in this paper, we propose a novel method named Spatial Momentum Iterative FGSM Attack (SMI-FGSM), which introduces the mechanism of momentum accumulation from temporal domain to spatial domain by considering the context gradient information from different regions within the image. SMI-FGSM is then integrated with MI-FGSM to simultaneously stabilize the gradients' update direction from both the temporal and spatial domain. The final method is called SM$^2$I-FGSM. Extensive experiments are conducted on the ImageNet dataset and results show that SM$^2$I-FGSM indeed further enhances the transferability. It achieves the best transferability success rate for multiple mainstream undefended and defended models, which outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by a large margin.      
### 38.Facial Expression Recognition with Swin Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13472.pdf)
>  The task of recognizing human facial expressions plays a vital role in various human-related systems, including health care and medical fields. With the recent success of deep learning and the accessibility of a large amount of annotated data, facial expression recognition research has been mature enough to be utilized in real-world scenarios with audio-visual datasets. In this paper, we introduce Swin transformer-based facial expression approach for an in-the-wild audio-visual dataset of the Aff-Wild2 Expression dataset. Specifically, we employ a three-stream network (i.e., Visual stream, Temporal stream, and Audio stream) for the audio-visual videos to fuse the multi-modal information into facial expression recognition. Experimental results on the Aff-Wild2 dataset show the effectiveness of our proposed multi-modal approaches.      
### 39.Non-Probability Sampling Network for Stochastic Human Trajectory Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13471.pdf)
>  Capturing multimodal natures is essential for stochastic pedestrian trajectory prediction, to infer a finite set of future trajectories. The inferred trajectories are based on observation paths and the latent vectors of potential decisions of pedestrians in the inference step. However, stochastic approaches provide varying results for the same data and parameter settings, due to the random sampling of the latent vector. In this paper, we analyze the problem by reconstructing and comparing probabilistic distributions from prediction samples and socially-acceptable paths, respectively. Through this analysis, we observe that the inferences of all stochastic models are biased toward the random sampling, and fail to generate a set of realistic paths from finite samples. The problem cannot be resolved unless an infinite number of samples is available, which is infeasible in practice. We introduce that the Quasi-Monte Carlo (QMC) method, ensuring uniform coverage on the sampling space, as an alternative to the conventional random sampling. With the same finite number of samples, the QMC improves all the multimodal prediction results. We take an additional step ahead by incorporating a learnable sampling network into the existing networks for trajectory prediction. For this purpose, we propose the Non-Probability Sampling Network (NPSN), a very small network (~5K parameters) that generates purposive sample sequences using the past paths of pedestrians and their social interactions. Extensive experiments confirm that NPSN can significantly improve both the prediction accuracy (up to 60%) and reliability of the public pedestrian trajectory prediction benchmark. Code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/inhwanbae/NPSN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 40.Interactive Style Transfer: All is Your Palette  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13470.pdf)
>  Neural style transfer (NST) can create impressive artworks by transferring reference style to content image. Current image-to-image NST methods are short of fine-grained controls, which are often demanded by artistic editing. To mitigate this limitation, we propose a drawing-like interactive style transfer (IST) method, by which users can interactively create a harmonious-style image. Our IST method can serve as a brush, dip style from anywhere, and then paint to any region of the target content image. To determine the action scope, we formulate a fluid simulation algorithm, which takes styles as pigments around the position of brush interaction, and diffusion in style or content images according to the similarity maps. Our IST method expands the creative dimension of NST. By dipping and painting, even employing one style image can produce thousands of eye-catching works. The demo video is available in supplementary files or in <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://mmcheng.net/ist" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 41.CAD: Co-Adapting Discriminative Features for Improved Few-Shot Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13465.pdf)
>  Few-shot classification is a challenging problem that aims to learn a model that can adapt to unseen classes given a few labeled samples. Recent approaches pre-train a feature extractor, and then fine-tune for episodic meta-learning. Other methods leverage spatial features to learn pixel-level correspondence while jointly training a classifier. However, results using such approaches show marginal improvements. In this paper, inspired by the transformer style self-attention mechanism, we propose a strategy to cross-attend and re-weight discriminative features for few-shot classification. Given a base representation of support and query images after global pooling, we introduce a single shared module that projects features and cross-attends in two aspects: (i) query to support, and (ii) support to query. The module computes attention scores between features to produce an attention pooled representation of features in the same class that is later added to the original representation followed by a projection head. This effectively re-weights features in both aspects (i &amp; ii) to produce features that better facilitate improved metric-based meta-learning. Extensive experiments on public benchmarks show our approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods by 3%~5%.      
### 42.Interpretation of Chest x-rays affected by bullets using deep transfer learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13461.pdf)
>  The potential of deep learning, especially in medical imaging, initiated astonishing results and improved the methodologies after every passing day. Deep learning in radiology provides the opportunity to classify, detect and segment different diseases automatically. In the proposed study, we worked on a non-trivial aspect of medical imaging where we classified and localized the X-Rays affected by bullets. We tested Images on different classification and localization models to get considerable accuracy. The replicated data set used in the study was replicated on different images of chest X-Rays. The proposed model worked not only on chest radiographs but other body organs X-rays like leg, abdomen, head, even the training dataset based on chest radiographs. Custom models have been used for classification and localization purposes after tuning parameters. Finally, the results of our findings manifested using different frameworks. This might assist the research enlightening towards this field. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study on the detection and classification of radiographs affected by bullets using deep learning.      
### 43.Semi-supervised and Deep learning Frameworks for Video Classification and Key-frame Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13459.pdf)
>  Automating video-based data and machine learning pipelines poses several challenges including metadata generation for efficient storage and retrieval and isolation of key-frames for scene understanding tasks. In this work, we present two semi-supervised approaches that automate this process of manual frame sifting in video streams by automatically classifying scenes for content and filtering frames for fine-tuning scene understanding tasks. The first rule-based method starts from a pre-trained object detector and it assigns scene type, uncertainty and lighting categories to each frame based on probability distributions of foreground objects. Next, frames with the highest uncertainty and structural dissimilarity are isolated as key-frames. The second method relies on the simCLR model for frame encoding followed by label-spreading from 20% of frame samples to label the remaining frames for scene and lighting categories. Also, clustering the video frames in the encoded feature space further isolates key-frames at cluster boundaries. The proposed methods achieve 64-93% accuracy for automated scene categorization for outdoor image videos from public domain datasets of JAAD and KITTI. Also, less than 10% of all input frames can be filtered as key-frames that can then be sent for annotation and fine tuning of machine vision algorithms. Thus, the proposed framework can be scaled to additional video data streams for automated training of perception-driven systems with minimal training images.      
### 44.PANDORA: Polarization-Aided Neural Decomposition Of Radiance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13458.pdf)
>  Reconstructing an object's geometry and appearance from multiple images, also known as inverse rendering, is a fundamental problem in computer graphics and vision. Inverse rendering is inherently ill-posed because the captured image is an intricate function of unknown lighting conditions, material properties and scene geometry. Recent progress in representing scene properties as coordinate-based neural networks have facilitated neural inverse rendering resulting in impressive geometry reconstruction and novel-view synthesis. Our key insight is that polarization is a useful cue for neural inverse rendering as polarization strongly depends on surface normals and is distinct for diffuse and specular reflectance. With the advent of commodity, on-chip, polarization sensors, capturing polarization has become practical. Thus, we propose PANDORA, a polarimetric inverse rendering approach based on implicit neural representations. From multi-view polarization images of an object, PANDORA jointly extracts the object's 3D geometry, separates the outgoing radiance into diffuse and specular and estimates the illumination incident on the object. We show that PANDORA outperforms state-of-the-art radiance decomposition techniques. PANDORA outputs clean surface reconstructions free from texture artefacts, models strong specularities accurately and estimates illumination under practical unstructured scenarios.      
### 45.CNN LEGO: Disassembling and Assembling Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13453.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), which mimics human visual perception mechanism, has been successfully used in many computer vision areas. Some psychophysical studies show that the visual perception mechanism synchronously processes the form, color, movement, depth, etc., in the initial stage [7,20] and then integrates all information for final recognition [38]. What's more, the human visual system [20] contains different subdivisions or different tasks. Inspired by the above visual perception mechanism, we investigate a new task, termed as Model Disassembling and Assembling (MDA-Task), which can disassemble the deep models into independent parts and assemble those parts into a new deep model without performance cost like playing LEGO toys. To this end, we propose a feature route attribution technique (FRAT) for disassembling CNN classifiers in this paper. In FRAT, the positive derivatives of predicted class probability w.r.t. the feature maps are adopted to locate the critical features in each layer. Then, relevance analysis between the critical features and preceding/subsequent parameter layers is adopted to bridge the route between two adjacent parameter layers. In the assembling phase, class-wise components of each layer are assembled into a new deep model for a specific task. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the assembled CNN classifier can achieve close accuracy with the original classifier without any fine-tune, and excess original performance with one-epoch fine-tune. What's more, we also conduct massive experiments to verify the broad application of MDA-Task on model decision route visualization, model compression, knowledge distillation, transfer learning, incremental learning, and so on.      
### 46.PCA-Based Knowledge Distillation Towards Lightweight and Content-Style Balanced Photorealistic Style Transfer Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13452.pdf)
>  Photorealistic style transfer entails transferring the style of a reference image to another image so the result seems like a plausible photo. Our work is inspired by the observation that existing models are slow due to their large sizes. We introduce PCA-based knowledge distillation to distill lightweight models and show it is motivated by theory. To our knowledge, this is the first knowledge distillation method for photorealistic style transfer. Our experiments demonstrate its versatility for use with different backbone architectures, VGG and MobileNet, across six image resolutions. Compared to existing models, our top-performing model runs at speeds 5-20x faster using at most 1\% of the parameters. Additionally, our distilled models achieve a better balance between stylization strength and content preservation than existing models. To support reproducing our method and models, we share the code at \textit{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/chiutaiyin/PCA-Knowledge-Distillation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 47.Vision Transformer Compression with Structured Pruning and Low Rank Approximation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13444.pdf)
>  Transformer architecture has gained popularity due to its ability to scale with large dataset. Consequently, there is a need to reduce the model size and latency, especially for on-device deployment. We focus on vision transformer proposed for image recognition task (Dosovitskiy et al., 2021), and explore the application of different compression techniques such as low rank approximation and pruning for this purpose. Specifically, we investigate a structured pruning method proposed recently in Zhu et al. (2021) and find that mostly feedforward blocks are pruned with this approach, that too, with severe degradation in accuracy. We propose a hybrid compression approach to mitigate this where we compress the attention blocks using low rank approximation and use the previously mentioned pruning with a lower rate for feedforward blocks in each transformer layer. Our technique results in 50% compression with 14% relative increase in classification error whereas we obtain 44% compression with 20% relative increase in error when only pruning is applied. We propose further enhancements to bridge the accuracy gap but leave it as a future work.      
### 48.MDAN: Multi-level Dependent Attention Network for Visual Emotion Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13443.pdf)
>  Visual Emotion Analysis (VEA) is attracting increasing attention. One of the biggest challenges of VEA is to bridge the affective gap between visual clues in a picture and the emotion expressed by the picture. As the granularity of emotions increases, the affective gap increases as well. Existing deep approaches try to bridge the gap by directly learning discrimination among emotions globally in one shot without considering the hierarchical relationship among emotions at different affective levels and the affective level of emotions to be classified. In this paper, we present the Multi-level Dependent Attention Network (MDAN) with two branches, to leverage the emotion hierarchy and the correlation between different affective levels and semantic levels. The bottom-up branch directly learns emotions at the highest affective level and strictly follows the emotion hierarchy while predicting emotions at lower affective levels. In contrast, the top-down branch attempt to disentangle the affective gap by one-to-one mapping between semantic levels and affective levels, namely, Affective Semantic Mapping. At each semantic level, a local classifier learns discrimination among emotions at the corresponding affective level. Finally, We integrate global learning and local learning into a unified deep framework and optimize the network simultaneously. Moreover, to properly extract and leverage channel dependencies and spatial attention while disentangling the affective gap, we carefully designed two attention modules: the Multi-head Cross Channel Attention module and the Level-dependent Class Activation Map module. Finally, the proposed deep framework obtains new state-of-the-art performance on six VEA benchmarks, where it outperforms existing state-of-the-art methods by a large margin, e.g., +3.85% on the WEBEmo dataset at 25 classes classification accuracy.      
### 49.3D GAN Inversion for Controllable Portrait Image Animation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13441.pdf)
>  Millions of images of human faces are captured every single day; but these photographs portray the likeness of an individual with a fixed pose, expression, and appearance. Portrait image animation enables the post-capture adjustment of these attributes from a single image while maintaining a photorealistic reconstruction of the subject's likeness or identity. Still, current methods for portrait image animation are typically based on 2D warping operations or manipulations of a 2D generative adversarial network (GAN) and lack explicit mechanisms to enforce multi-view consistency. Thus these methods may significantly alter the identity of the subject, especially when the viewpoint relative to the camera is changed. In this work, we leverage newly developed 3D GANs, which allow explicit control over the pose of the image subject with multi-view consistency. We propose a supervision strategy to flexibly manipulate expressions with 3D morphable models, and we show that the proposed method also supports editing appearance attributes, such as age or hairstyle, by interpolating within the latent space of the GAN. The proposed technique for portrait image animation outperforms previous methods in terms of image quality, identity preservation, and pose transfer while also supporting attribute editing.      
### 50.BCOT: A Markerless High-Precision 3D Object Tracking Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13437.pdf)
>  Template-based 3D object tracking still lacks a high-precision benchmark of real scenes due to the difficulty of annotating the accurate 3D poses of real moving video objects without using markers. In this paper, we present a multi-view approach to estimate the accurate 3D poses of real moving objects, and then use binocular data to construct a new benchmark for monocular textureless 3D object tracking. The proposed method requires no markers, and the cameras only need to be synchronous, relatively fixed as cross-view and calibrated. Based on our object-centered model, we jointly optimize the object pose by minimizing shape re-projection constraints in all views, which greatly improves the accuracy compared with the single-view approach, and is even more accurate than the depth-based method. Our new benchmark dataset contains 20 textureless objects, 22 scenes, 404 video sequences and 126K images captured in real scenes. The annotation error is guaranteed to be less than 2mm, according to both theoretical analysis and validation experiments. We re-evaluate the state-of-the-art 3D object tracking methods with our dataset, reporting their performance ranking in real scenes. Our BCOT benchmark and code can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ar3dv.github.io/BCOT-Benchmark/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 51.Frame-level Prediction of Facial Expressions, Valence, Arousal and Action Units for Mobile Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13436.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider the problem of real-time video-based facial emotion analytics, namely, facial expression recognition, prediction of valence and arousal and detection of action unit points. We propose the novel frame-level emotion recognition algorithm by extracting facial features with the single EfficientNet model pre-trained on AffectNet. As a result, our approach may be implemented even for video analytics on mobile devices. Experimental results for the large scale Aff-Wild2 database from the third Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-wild (ABAW) Competition demonstrate that our simple model is significantly better when compared to the VggFace baseline. In particular, our method is characterized by 0.15-0.2 higher performance measures for validation sets in uni-task Expression Classification, Valence-Arousal Estimation and Expression Classification. Due to simplicity, our approach may be considered as a new baseline for all four sub-challenges.      
### 52.Noisy Boundaries: Lemon or Lemonade for Semi-supervised Instance Segmentation?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13427.pdf)
>  Current instance segmentation methods rely heavily on pixel-level annotated images. The huge cost to obtain such fully-annotated images restricts the dataset scale and limits the performance. In this paper, we formally address semi-supervised instance segmentation, where unlabeled images are employed to boost the performance. We construct a framework for semi-supervised instance segmentation by assigning pixel-level pseudo labels. Under this framework, we point out that noisy boundaries associated with pseudo labels are double-edged. We propose to exploit and resist them in a unified manner simultaneously: 1) To combat the negative effects of noisy boundaries, we propose a noise-tolerant mask head by leveraging low-resolution features. 2) To enhance the positive impacts, we introduce a boundary-preserving map for learning detailed information within boundary-relevant regions. We evaluate our approach by extensive experiments. It behaves extraordinarily, outperforming the supervised baseline by a large margin, more than 6% on Cityscapes, 7% on COCO and 4.5% on BDD100k. On Cityscapes, our method achieves comparable performance by utilizing only 30% labeled images.      
### 53.Self-Supervised Predictive Learning: A Negative-Free Method for Sound Source Localization in Visual Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13412.pdf)
>  Sound source localization in visual scenes aims to localize objects emitting the sound in a given image. Recent works showing impressive localization performance typically rely on the contrastive learning framework. However, the random sampling of negatives, as commonly adopted in these methods, can result in misalignment between audio and visual features and thus inducing ambiguity in localization. In this paper, instead of following previous literature, we propose Self-Supervised Predictive Learning (SSPL), a negative-free method for sound localization via explicit positive mining. Specifically, we first devise a three-stream network to elegantly associate sound source with two augmented views of one corresponding video frame, leading to semantically coherent similarities between audio and visual features. Second, we introduce a novel predictive coding module for audio-visual feature alignment. Such a module assists SSPL to focus on target objects in a progressive manner and effectively lowers the positive-pair learning difficulty. Experiments show surprising results that SSPL outperforms the state-of-the-art approach on two standard sound localization benchmarks. In particular, SSPL achieves significant improvements of 8.6% cIoU and 3.4% AUC on SoundNet-Flickr compared to the previous best. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zjsong/SSPL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 54.Multi-scale and Cross-scale Contrastive Learning for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13409.pdf)
>  This work considers supervised contrastive learning for semantic segmentation. Our approach is model agnostic. We apply contrastive learning to enhance the discriminative power of the multi-scale features extracted by semantic segmentation networks. Our key methodological insight is to leverage samples from the feature spaces emanating from multiple stages of a model's encoder itself requiring neither data augmentation nor online memory banks to obtain a diverse set of samples. To allow for such an extension we introduce an efficient and effective sampling process, that enables applying contrastive losses over the encoder's features at multiple scales. Furthermore, by first mapping the encoder's multi-scale representations to a common feature space, we instantiate a novel form of supervised local-global constraint by introducing cross-scale contrastive learning linking high-resolution local features to low-resolution global features. Combined, our multi-scale and cross-scale contrastive losses boost performance of various models (DeepLabV3, HRNet, OCRNet, UPerNet) with both CNN and Transformer backbones, when evaluated on 4 diverse datasets from natural (Cityscapes, PascalContext, ADE20K) but also surgical (CaDIS) domains.      
### 55.Point2Seq: Detecting 3D Objects as Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13394.pdf)
>  We present a simple and effective framework, named Point2Seq, for 3D object detection from point clouds. In contrast to previous methods that normally {predict attributes of 3D objects all at once}, we expressively model the interdependencies between attributes of 3D objects, which in turn enables a better detection accuracy. Specifically, we view each 3D object as a sequence of words and reformulate the 3D object detection task as decoding words from 3D scenes in an auto-regressive manner. We further propose a lightweight scene-to-sequence decoder that can auto-regressively generate words conditioned on features from a 3D scene as well as cues from the preceding words. The predicted words eventually constitute a set of sequences that completely describe the 3D objects in the scene, and all the predicted sequences are then automatically assigned to the respective ground truths through similarity-based sequence matching. Our approach is conceptually intuitive and can be readily plugged upon most existing 3D-detection backbones without adding too much computational overhead; the sequential decoding paradigm we proposed, on the other hand, can better exploit information from complex 3D scenes with the aid of preceding predicted words. Without bells and whistles, our method significantly outperforms previous anchor- and center-based 3D object detection frameworks, yielding the new state of the art on the challenging ONCE dataset as well as the Waymo Open Dataset. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ocNflag/point2seq" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 56.CrossFormer: Cross Spatio-Temporal Transformer for 3D Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13387.pdf)
>  3D human pose estimation can be handled by encoding the geometric dependencies between the body parts and enforcing the kinematic constraints. Recently, Transformer has been adopted to encode the long-range dependencies between the joints in the spatial and temporal domains. While they had shown excellence in long-range dependencies, studies have noted the need for improving the locality of vision Transformers. In this direction, we propose a novel pose estimation Transformer featuring rich representations of body joints critical for capturing subtle changes across frames (i.e., inter-feature representation). Specifically, through two novel interaction modules; Cross-Joint Interaction and Cross-Frame Interaction, the model explicitly encodes the local and global dependencies between the body joints. The proposed architecture achieved state-of-the-art performance on two popular 3D human pose estimation datasets, Human3.6 and MPI-INF-3DHP. In particular, our proposed CrossFormer method boosts performance by 0.9% and 0.3%, compared to the closest counterpart, PoseFormer, using the detected 2D poses and ground-truth settings respectively.      
### 57.FitCLIP: Refining Large-Scale Pretrained Image-Text Models for Zero-Shot Video Understanding Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13371.pdf)
>  Large-scale pretrained image-text models have shown incredible zero-shot performance in a handful of tasks, including video ones such as action recognition and text-to-video retrieval. However, these models haven't been adapted to video, mainly because they don't account for the time dimension but also because video frames are different from the typical images (e.g., containing motion blur, less sharpness). In this paper, we present a fine-tuning strategy to refine these large-scale pretrained image-text models for zero-shot video understanding tasks. We show that by carefully adapting these models we obtain considerable improvements on two zero-shot Action Recognition tasks and three zero-shot Text-to-video Retrieval tasks. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bryant1410/fitclip" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 58.Occluded Human Mesh Recovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13349.pdf)
>  Top-down methods for monocular human mesh recovery have two stages: (1) detect human bounding boxes; (2) treat each bounding box as an independent single-human mesh recovery task. Unfortunately, the single-human assumption does not hold in images with multi-human occlusion and crowding. Consequently, top-down methods have difficulties in recovering accurate 3D human meshes under severe person-person occlusion. To address this, we present Occluded Human Mesh Recovery (OCHMR) - a novel top-down mesh recovery approach that incorporates image spatial context to overcome the limitations of the single-human assumption. The approach is conceptually simple and can be applied to any existing top-down architecture. Along with the input image, we condition the top-down model on spatial context from the image in the form of body-center heatmaps. To reason from the predicted body centermaps, we introduce Contextual Normalization (CoNorm) blocks to adaptively modulate intermediate features of the top-down model. The contextual conditioning helps our model disambiguate between two severely overlapping human bounding-boxes, making it robust to multi-person occlusion. Compared with state-of-the-art methods, OCHMR achieves superior performance on challenging multi-person benchmarks like 3DPW, CrowdPose and OCHuman. Specifically, our proposed contextual reasoning architecture applied to the SPIN model with ResNet-50 backbone results in 75.2 PMPJPE on 3DPW-PC, 23.6 AP on CrowdPose and 37.7 AP on OCHuman datasets, a significant improvement of 6.9 mm, 6.4 AP and 20.8 AP respectively over the baseline. Code and models will be released.      
### 59.Text to Mesh Without 3D Supervision Using Limit Subdivision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13333.pdf)
>  We present a technique for zero-shot generation of a 3D model using only a target text prompt. Without a generative model or any 3D supervision our method deforms a control shape of a limit subdivided surface along with a texture map and normal map to obtain a 3D model asset that matches the input text prompt and can be deployed into games or modeling applications. We rely only on a pre-trained CLIP model that compares the input text prompt with differentiably rendered images of our 3D model. While previous works have focused on stylization or required training of generative models we perform optimization on mesh parameters directly to generate shape and texture. To improve the quality of results we also introduce a set of techniques such as render augmentations, primitive selection, prompt augmentation that guide the mesh towards a suitable result.      
### 60.NPBG++: Accelerating Neural Point-Based Graphics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13318.pdf)
>  We present a new system (NPBG++) for the novel view synthesis (NVS) task that achieves high rendering realism with low scene fitting time. Our method efficiently leverages the multiview observations and the point cloud of a static scene to predict a neural descriptor for each point, improving upon the pipeline of Neural Point-Based Graphics in several important ways. By predicting the descriptors with a single pass through the source images, we lift the requirement of per-scene optimization while also making the neural descriptors view-dependent and more suitable for scenes with strong non-Lambertian effects. In our comparisons, the proposed system outperforms previous NVS approaches in terms of fitting and rendering runtimes while producing images of similar quality.      
### 61.Human Gait Recognition Using Bag of Words Feature Representation Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13317.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel gait recognition method based on a bag-of-words feature representation method. The algorithm is trained, tested and evaluated on a unique human gait data consisting of 93 individuals who walked with comfortable pace between two end points during two different sessions. To evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed model, the results are compared with the outputs of the classification using extracted features. As it is presented, the proposed method results in significant improvement accuracy compared to using common statistical features, in all the used classifiers.      
### 62.SharpContour: A Contour-based Boundary Refinement Approach for Efficient and Accurate Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13312.pdf)
>  Excellent performance has been achieved on instance segmentation but the quality on the boundary area remains unsatisfactory, which leads to a rising attention on boundary refinement. For practical use, an ideal post-processing refinement scheme are required to be accurate, generic and efficient. However, most of existing approaches propose pixel-wise refinement, which either introduce a massive computation cost or design specifically for different backbone models. Contour-based models are efficient and generic to be incorporated with any existing segmentation methods, but they often generate over-smoothed contour and tend to fail on corner areas. In this paper, we propose an efficient contour-based boundary refinement approach, named SharpContour, to tackle the segmentation of boundary area. We design a novel contour evolution process together with an Instance-aware Point Classifier. Our method deforms the contour iteratively by updating offsets in a discrete manner. Differing from existing contour evolution methods, SharpContour estimates each offset more independently so that it predicts much sharper and accurate contours. Notably, our method is generic to seamlessly work with diverse existing models with a small computational cost. Experiments show that SharpContour achieves competitive gains whilst preserving high efficiency      
### 63.MonoDETR: Depth-aware Transformer for Monocular 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13310.pdf)
>  Monocular 3D object detection has long been a challenging task in autonomous driving, which requires to decode 3D predictions solely from a single 2D image. Most existing methods follow conventional 2D object detectors to first localize objects by their centers, and then predict 3D attributes using center-neighboring local features. However, such center-based pipeline views 3D prediction as a subordinate task and lacks inter-object depth interactions with global spatial clues. In this paper, we introduce a simple framework for Monocular DEtection with depth-aware TRansformer, named MonoDETR. We enable the vanilla transformer to be depth-aware and enforce the whole detection process guided by depth. Specifically, we represent 3D object candidates as a set of queries and produce non-local depth embeddings of the input image by a lightweight depth predictor and an attention-based depth encoder. Then, we propose a depth-aware decoder to conduct both inter-query and query-scene depth feature communication. In this way, each object estimates its 3D attributes adaptively from the depth-informative regions on the image, not limited by center-around features. With minimal handcrafted designs, MonoDETR is an end-to-end framework without additional data, anchors or NMS and achieves competitive performance on KITTI benchmark among state-of-the-art center-based networks. Extensive ablation studies demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach and its potential to serve as a transformer baseline for future monocular research. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZrrSkywalker/MonoDETR.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 64.Weakly-Supervised Online Action Segmentation in Multi-View Instructional Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13309.pdf)
>  This paper addresses a new problem of weakly-supervised online action segmentation in instructional videos. We present a framework to segment streaming videos online at test time using Dynamic Programming and show its advantages over greedy sliding window approach. We improve our framework by introducing the Online-Offline Discrepancy Loss (OODL) to encourage the segmentation results to have a higher temporal consistency. Furthermore, only during training, we exploit frame-wise correspondence between multiple views as supervision for training weakly-labeled instructional videos. In particular, we investigate three different multi-view inference techniques to generate more accurate frame-wise pseudo ground-truth with no additional annotation cost. We present results and ablation studies on two benchmark multi-view datasets, Breakfast and IKEA ASM. Experimental results show efficacy of the proposed methods both qualitatively and quantitatively in two domains of cooking and assembly.      
### 65.Multi-modal Multi-label Facial Action Unit Detection with Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13301.pdf)
>  Facial Action Coding System is an important approach of facial expression analysis.This paper describes our submission to the third Affective Behavior Analysis (ABAW) 2022 competition. We proposed a transfomer based model to detect facial action unit (FAU) in video. To be specific, we firstly trained a multi-modal model to extract both audio and visual feature. After that, we proposed a action units correlation module to learn relationships between each action unit labels and refine action unit detection result. Experimental results on validation dataset shows that our method achieves better performance than baseline model, which verifies that the effectiveness of proposed network.      
### 66.RayTran: 3D pose estimation and shape reconstruction of multiple objects from videos with ray-traced transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13296.pdf)
>  We propose a transformer-based neural network architecture for multi-object 3D reconstruction from RGB videos. It relies on two alternative ways to represent its knowledge: as a global 3D grid of features and an array of view-specific 2D grids. We progressively exchange information between the two with a dedicated bidirectional attention mechanism. We exploit knowledge about the image formation process to significantly sparsify the attention weight matrix, making our architecture feasible on current hardware, both in terms of memory and computation. We attach a DETR-style head on top of the 3D feature grid in order to detect the objects in the scene and to predict their 3D pose and 3D shape. Compared to previous methods, our architecture is single stage, end-to-end trainable, and it can reason holistically about a scene from multiple video frames without needing a brittle tracking step. We evaluate our method on the challenging Scan2CAD dataset, where we outperform (1) recent state-of-the-art methods for 3D object pose estimation from RGB videos; and (2) a strong alternative method combining Multi-view Stereo with RGB-D CAD alignment. We plan to release our source code.      
### 67.Searching for fingerspelled content in American Sign Language  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13291.pdf)
>  Natural language processing for sign language video - including tasks like recognition, translation, and search - is crucial for making artificial intelligence technologies accessible to deaf individuals, and is gaining research interest in recent years. In this paper, we address the problem of searching for fingerspelled key-words or key phrases in raw sign language videos. This is an important task since significant content in sign language is often conveyed via fingerspelling, and to our knowledge the task has not been studied before. We propose an end-to-end model for this task, FSS-Net, that jointly detects fingerspelling and matches it to a text sequence. Our experiments, done on a large public dataset of ASL fingerspelling in the wild, show the importance of fingerspelling detection as a component of a search and retrieval model. Our model significantly outperforms baseline methods adapted from prior work on related tasks      
### 68.Effectively leveraging Multi-modal Features for Movie Genre Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13281.pdf)
>  Movie genre classification has been widely studied in recent years due to its various applications in video editing, summarization, and recommendation. Prior work has typically addressed this task by predicting genres based solely on the visual content. As a result, predictions from these methods often perform poorly for genres such as documentary or musical, since non-visual modalities like audio or language play an important role in correctly classifying these genres. In addition, the analysis of long videos at frame level is always associated with high computational cost and makes the prediction less efficient. To address these two issues, we propose a Multi-Modal approach leveraging shot information, MMShot, to classify video genres in an efficient and effective way. We evaluate our method on MovieNet and Condensed Movies for genre classification, achieving 17% ~ 21% improvement on mean Average Precision (mAP) over the state-of-the-art. Extensive experiments are conducted to demonstrate the ability of MMShot for long video analysis and uncover the correlations between genres and multiple movie elements. We also demonstrate our approach's ability to generalize by evaluating the scene boundary detection task, achieving 1.1% improvement on Average Precision (AP) over the state-of-the-art.      
### 69.Practical Blind Denoising via Swin-Conv-UNet and Data Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13278.pdf)
>  While recent years have witnessed a dramatic upsurge of exploiting deep neural networks toward solving image denoising, existing methods mostly rely on simple noise assumptions, such as additive white Gaussian noise (AWGN), JPEG compression noise and camera sensor noise, and a general-purpose blind denoising method for real images remains unsolved. In this paper, we attempt to solve this problem from the perspective of network architecture design and training data synthesis. Specifically, for the network architecture design, we propose a swin-conv block to incorporate the local modeling ability of residual convolutional layer and non-local modeling ability of swin transformer block, and then plug it as the main building block into the widely-used image-to-image translation UNet architecture. For the training data synthesis, we design a practical noise degradation model which takes into consideration different kinds of noise (including Gaussian, Poisson, speckle, JPEG compression, and processed camera sensor noises) and resizing, and also involves a random shuffle strategy and a double degradation strategy. Extensive experiments on AGWN removal and real image denoising demonstrate that the new network architecture design achieves state-of-the-art performance and the new degradation model can help to significantly improve the practicability. We believe our work can provide useful insights into current denoising research.      
### 70.Visual-based Safe Landing for UAVs in Populated Areas: Real-time Validation in Virtual Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13792.pdf)
>  Safe autonomous landing for Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) in populated areas is a crucial aspect for successful urban deployment, particularly in emergency landing situations. Nonetheless, validating autonomous landing in real scenarios is a challenging task involving a high risk of injuring people. In this work, we propose a framework for real-time safe and thorough evaluation of vision-based autonomous landing in populated scenarios, using photo-realistic virtual environments. We propose to use the Unreal graphics engine coupled with the AirSim plugin for drone's simulation, and evaluate autonomous landing strategies based on visual detection of Safe Landing Zones (SLZ) in populated scenarios. Then, we study two different criteria for selecting the "best" SLZ, and evaluate them during autonomous landing of a virtual drone in different scenarios and conditions, under different distributions of people in urban scenes, including moving people. We evaluate different metrics to quantify the performance of the landing strategies, establishing a baseline for comparison with future works in this challenging task, and analyze them through an important number of randomized iterations. The study suggests that the use of the autonomous landing algorithms considerably helps to prevent accidents involving humans, which may allow to unleash the full potential of drones in urban environments near to people.      
### 71.Efficient-VDVAE: Less is more  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13751.pdf)
>  Hierarchical VAEs have emerged in recent years as a reliable option for maximum likelihood estimation. However, instability issues and demanding computational requirements have hindered research progress in the area. We present simple modifications to the Very Deep VAE to make it converge up to $2.6\times$ faster, save up to $20\times$ in memory load and improve stability during training. Despite these changes, our models achieve comparable or better negative log-likelihood performance than current state-of-the-art models on all $7$ commonly used image datasets we evaluated on. We also make an argument against using 5-bit benchmarks as a way to measure hierarchical VAE's performance due to undesirable biases caused by the 5-bit quantization. Additionally, we empirically demonstrate that roughly $3\%$ of the hierarchical VAE's latent space dimensions is sufficient to encode most of the image information, without loss of performance, opening up the doors to efficiently leverage the hierarchical VAEs' latent space in downstream tasks. We release our source code and models at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Rayhane-mamah/Efficient-VDVAE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 72.Satellite Infrastructure/Mission Tradeoffs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13686.pdf)
>  If a unit cannot receive intelligence from a source due to external factors, we consider them disadvantaged users. We categorize this as a preoccupied unit working on a low connectivity device on the edge. This case requires that we use a different approach to deliver intelligence, particularly satellite imagery information, than normally employed. To address this, we propose a survey of information reduction techniques to deliver the information from a satellite image in a smaller package. We investigate four techniques to aid in the reduction of delivered information: traditional image compression, neural network image compression, object detection image cutout, and image to caption. Each of these mechanisms have their benefits and tradeoffs when considered for a disadvantaged user.      
### 73.ST-FL: Style Transfer Preprocessing in Federated Learning for COVID-19 Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13680.pdf)
>  Chest Computational Tomography (CT) scans present low cost, speed and objectivity for COVID-19 diagnosis and deep learning methods have shown great promise in assisting the analysis and interpretation of these images. Most hospitals or countries can train their own models using in-house data, however empirical evidence shows that those models perform poorly when tested on new unseen cases, surfacing the need for coordinated global collaboration. Due to privacy regulations, medical data sharing between hospitals and nations is extremely difficult. We propose a GAN-augmented federated learning model, dubbed ST-FL (Style Transfer Federated Learning), for COVID-19 image segmentation. Federated learning (FL) permits a centralised model to be learned in a secure manner from heterogeneous datasets located in disparate private data silos. We demonstrate that the widely varying data quality on FL client nodes leads to a sub-optimal centralised FL model for COVID-19 chest CT image segmentation. ST-FL is a novel FL framework that is robust in the face of highly variable data quality at client nodes. The robustness is achieved by a denoising CycleGAN model at each client of the federation that maps arbitrary quality images into the same target quality, counteracting the severe data variability evident in real-world FL use-cases. Each client is provided with the target style, which is the same for all clients, and trains their own denoiser. Our qualitative and quantitative results suggest that this FL model performs comparably to, and in some cases better than, a model that has centralised access to all the training data.      
### 74.On the performance of preconditioned methods to solve \(L^p\)-norm phase unwrapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13675.pdf)
>  In this paper, we analyze and evaluate suitable preconditioning techniques to improve the performance of the $L^p$-norm phase unwrapping method. We consider five preconditioning techniques commonly found in the literature, and analyze their performance with different sizes of wrapped-phase maps. Keywords.- Phase unwrapping, $L^p$-norm based method, Preconditioning techniques.      
### 75.Lightweight Graph Convolutional Networks with Topologically Consistent Magnitude Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13616.pdf)
>  Graph convolution networks (GCNs) are currently mainstream in learning with irregular data. These models rely on message passing and attention mechanisms that capture context and node-to-node relationships. With multi-head attention, GCNs become highly accurate but oversized, and their deployment on cheap devices requires their pruning. However, pruning at high regimes usually leads to topologically inconsistent networks with weak generalization. In this paper, we devise a novel method for lightweight GCN design. Our proposed approach parses and selects subnetworks with the highest magnitudes while guaranteeing their topological consistency. The latter is obtained by selecting only accessible and co-accessible connections which actually contribute in the evaluation of the selected subnetworks. Experiments conducted on the challenging FPHA dataset show the substantial gain of our topologically consistent pruning method especially at very high pruning regimes.      
### 76.Repairing Group-Level Errors for DNNs Using Weighted Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13612.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have been widely used in software making decisions impacting people's lives. However, they have been found to exhibit severe erroneous behaviors that may lead to unfortunate outcomes. Previous work shows that such misbehaviors often occur due to class property violations rather than errors on a single image. Although methods for detecting such errors have been proposed, fixing them has not been studied so far. Here, we propose a generic method called Weighted Regularization (WR) consisting of five concrete methods targeting the error-producing classes to fix the DNNs. In particular, it can repair confusion error and bias error of DNN models for both single-label and multi-label image classifications. A confusion error happens when a given DNN model tends to confuse between two classes. Each method in WR assigns more weights at a stage of DNN retraining or inference to mitigate the confusion between target pair. A bias error can be fixed similarly. We evaluate and compare the proposed methods along with baselines on six widely-used datasets and architecture combinations. The results suggest that WR methods have different trade-offs but under each setting at least one WR method can greatly reduce confusion/bias errors at a very limited cost of the overall performance.      
### 77.Navigable Proximity Graph-Driven Native Hybrid Queries with Structured and Unstructured Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13601.pdf)
>  As research interest surges, vector similarity search is applied in multiple fields, including data mining, computer vision, and information retrieval. {Given a set of objects (e.g., a set of images) and a query object, we can easily transform each object into a feature vector and apply the vector similarity search to retrieve the most similar objects. However, the original vector similarity search cannot well support \textit{hybrid queries}, where users not only input unstructured query constraint (i.e., the feature vector of query object) but also structured query constraint (i.e., the desired attributes of interest). Hybrid query processing aims at identifying these objects with similar feature vectors to query object and satisfying the given attribute constraints. Recent efforts have attempted to answer a hybrid query by performing attribute filtering and vector similarity search separately and then merging the results later, which limits efficiency and accuracy because they are not purpose-built for hybrid queries.} In this paper, we propose a native hybrid query (NHQ) framework based on proximity graph (PG), which provides the specialized \textit{composite index and joint pruning} modules for hybrid queries. We easily deploy existing various PGs on this framework to process hybrid queries efficiently. Moreover, we present two novel navigable PGs (NPGs) with optimized edge selection and routing strategies, which obtain better overall performance than existing PGs. After that, we deploy the proposed NPGs in NHQ to form two hybrid query methods, which significantly outperform the state-of-the-art competitors on all experimental datasets (10$\times$ faster under the same \textit{Recall}), including eight public and one in-house real-world datasets. Our code and datasets have been released at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/AshenOn3/NHQ" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 78.SeCo: Separating Unknown Musical Visual Sounds with Consistency Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13535.pdf)
>  Recent years have witnessed the success of deep learning on the visual sound separation task. However, existing works follow similar settings where the training and testing datasets share the same musical instrument categories, which to some extent limits the versatility of this task. In this work, we focus on a more general and challenging scenario, namely the separation of unknown musical instruments, where the categories in training and testing phases have no overlap with each other. To tackle this new setting, we propose the Separation-with-Consistency (SeCo) framework, which can accomplish the separation on unknown categories by exploiting the consistency constraints. Furthermore, to capture richer characteristics of the novel melodies, we devise an online matching strategy, which can bring stable enhancements with no cost of extra parameters. Experiments demonstrate that our SeCo framework exhibits strong adaptation ability on the novel musical categories and outperforms the baseline methods by a significant margin.      
### 79.Polarization Multiplexed Diffractive Computing: All-Optical Implementation of a Group of Linear Transformations Through a Polarization-Encoded Diffractive Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13482.pdf)
>  Research on optical computing has recently attracted significant attention due to the transformative advances in machine learning. Among different approaches, diffractive optical networks composed of spatially-engineered transmissive surfaces have been demonstrated for all-optical statistical inference and performing arbitrary linear transformations using passive, free-space optical layers. Here, we introduce a polarization multiplexed diffractive processor to all-optically perform multiple, arbitrarily-selected linear transformations through a single diffractive network trained using deep learning. In this framework, an array of pre-selected linear polarizers is positioned between trainable transmissive diffractive materials that are isotropic, and different target linear transformations (complex-valued) are uniquely assigned to different combinations of input/output polarization states. The transmission layers of this polarization multiplexed diffractive network are trained and optimized via deep learning and error-backpropagation by using thousands of examples of the input/output fields corresponding to each one of the complex-valued linear transformations assigned to different input/output polarization combinations. Our results and analysis reveal that a single diffractive network can successfully approximate and all-optically implement a group of arbitrarily-selected target transformations with a negligible error when the number of trainable diffractive features/neurons (N) approaches N_p x N_i x N_o, where N_i and N_o represent the number of pixels at the input and output fields-of-view, respectively, and N_p refers to the number of unique linear transformations assigned to different input/output polarization combinations. This polarization-multiplexed all-optical diffractive processor can find various applications in optical computing and polarization-based machine vision tasks.      
### 80.RD-Optimized Trit-Plane Coding of Deep Compressed Image Latent Tensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13467.pdf)
>  DPICT is the first learning-based image codec supporting fine granular scalability. In this paper, we describe how to implement two key components of DPICT efficiently: trit-plane slicing and RD-prioritized transmission. In DPICT, we transform an image into a latent tensor, represent the tensor in ternary digits (trits), and encode the trits in the decreasing order of significance. For entropy encoding, we should compute the probability of each trit, which demands high time complexity in both the encoder and the decoder. To reduce the complexity, we develop a parallel computing scheme for the probabilities and describe it in detail with pseudo-codes. Moreover, in this paper, we compare the trit-plane slicing in DPICT with the alternative bit-plane slicing. Experimental results show that the time complexity is reduced significantly by the parallel computing and that the trit-plane slicing provides better rate-distortion performances than the bit-plane slicing.      
### 81.Chaos is a Ladder: A New Theoretical Understanding of Contrastive Learning via Augmentation Overlap  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13457.pdf)
>  Recently, contrastive learning has risen to be a promising approach for large-scale self-supervised learning. However, theoretical understanding of how it works is still unclear. In this paper, we propose a new guarantee on the downstream performance without resorting to the conditional independence assumption that is widely adopted in previous work but hardly holds in practice. Our new theory hinges on the insight that the support of different intra-class samples will become more overlapped under aggressive data augmentations, thus simply aligning the positive samples (augmented views of the same sample) could make contrastive learning cluster intra-class samples together. Based on this augmentation overlap perspective, theoretically, we obtain asymptotically closed bounds for downstream performance under weaker assumptions, and empirically, we propose an unsupervised model selection metric ARC that aligns well with downstream accuracy. Our theory suggests an alternative understanding of contrastive learning: the role of aligning positive samples is more like a surrogate task than an ultimate goal, and the overlapped augmented views (i.e., the chaos) create a ladder for contrastive learning to gradually learn class-separated representations. The code for computing ARC is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhangq327/ARC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 82.A Unified Contrastive Energy-based Model for Understanding the Generative Ability of Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13455.pdf)
>  Adversarial Training (AT) is known as an effective approach to enhance the robustness of deep neural networks. Recently researchers notice that robust models with AT have good generative ability and can synthesize realistic images, while the reason behind it is yet under-explored. In this paper, we demystify this phenomenon by developing a unified probabilistic framework, called Contrastive Energy-based Models (CEM). On the one hand, we provide the first probabilistic characterization of AT through a unified understanding of robustness and generative ability. On the other hand, our unified framework can be extended to the unsupervised scenario, which interprets unsupervised contrastive learning as an important sampling of CEM. Based on these, we propose a principled method to develop adversarial learning and sampling methods. Experiments show that the sampling methods derived from our framework improve the sample quality in both supervised and unsupervised learning. Notably, our unsupervised adversarial sampling method achieves an Inception score of 9.61 on CIFAR-10, which is superior to previous energy-based models and comparable to state-of-the-art generative models.      
### 83.Microstructure Surface Reconstruction from SEM Images: An Alternative to Digital Image Correlation (DIC)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13438.pdf)
>  We reconstruct a 3D model of the surface of a material undergoing fatigue testing and experiencing cracking. Specifically we reconstruct the surface depth (out of plane intrusions and extrusions) and lateral (in-plane) motion from multiple views of the sample at the end of the experiment, combined with a reverse optical flow propagation backwards in time that utilizes interim single view images. These measurements can be mapped to a material strain tensor which helps to understand material life and predict failure. This approach offers an alternative to the commonly used Digital Image Correlation (DIC) technique which relies on tracking a speckle pattern applied to the material surface. DIC only produces in-plane (2D) measurements whereas our approach is 3D and non-invasive (requires no pattern being applied to the material).      
### 84.Probing Representation Forgetting in Supervised and Unsupervised Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13381.pdf)
>  Continual Learning research typically focuses on tackling the phenomenon of catastrophic forgetting in neural networks. Catastrophic forgetting is associated with an abrupt loss of knowledge previously learned by a model when the task, or more broadly the data distribution, being trained on changes. In supervised learning problems this forgetting, resulting from a change in the model's representation, is typically measured or observed by evaluating the decrease in old task performance. However, a model's representation can change without losing knowledge about prior tasks. In this work we consider the concept of representation forgetting, observed by using the difference in performance of an optimal linear classifier before and after a new task is introduced. Using this tool we revisit a number of standard continual learning benchmarks and observe that, through this lens, model representations trained without any explicit control for forgetting often experience small representation forgetting and can sometimes be comparable to methods which explicitly control for forgetting, especially in longer task sequences. We also show that representation forgetting can lead to new insights on the effect of model capacity and loss function used in continual learning. Based on our results, we show that a simple yet competitive approach is to learn representations continually with standard supervised contrastive learning while constructing prototypes of class samples when queried on old samples.      
### 85.Deep learning for laboratory earthquake prediction and autoregressive forecasting of fault zone stress  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13313.pdf)
>  Earthquake forecasting and prediction have long and in some cases sordid histories but recent work has rekindled interest based on advances in early warning, hazard assessment for induced seismicity and successful prediction of laboratory earthquakes. In the lab, frictional stick-slip events provide an analog for earthquakes and the seismic cycle. Labquakes are ideal targets for machine learning (ML) because they can be produced in long sequences under controlled conditions. Recent works show that ML can predict several aspects of labquakes using fault zone acoustic emissions. Here, we generalize these results and explore deep learning (DL) methods for labquake prediction and autoregressive (AR) forecasting. DL improves existing ML methods of labquake prediction. AR methods allow forecasting at future horizons via iterative predictions. We demonstrate that DL models based on Long-Short Term Memory (LSTM) and Convolution Neural Networks predict labquakes under several conditions, and that fault zone stress can be predicted with fidelity, confirming that acoustic energy is a fingerprint of fault zone stress. We predict also time to start of failure (TTsF) and time to the end of Failure (TTeF) for labquakes. Interestingly, TTeF is successfully predicted in all seismic cycles, while the TTsF prediction varies with the amount of preseismic fault creep. We report AR methods to forecast the evolution of fault stress using three sequence modeling frameworks: LSTM, Temporal Convolution Network and Transformer Network. AR forecasting is distinct from existing predictive models, which predict only a target variable at a specific time. The results for forecasting beyond a single seismic cycle are limited but encouraging. Our ML/DL models outperform the state-of-the-art and our autoregressive model represents a novel framework that could enhance current methods of earthquake forecasting.      
### 86.Continuous-Time Audiovisual Fusion with Recurrence vs. Attention for In-The-Wild Affect Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.13285.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present our submission to 3rd Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-wild (ABAW) challenge. Learningcomplex interactions among multimodal sequences is critical to recognise dimensional affect from in-the-wild audiovisual data. Recurrence and attention are the two widely used sequence modelling mechanisms in the literature. To clearly understand the performance differences between recurrent and attention models in audiovisual affect recognition, we present a comprehensive evaluation of fusion models based on LSTM-RNNs, self-attention and cross-modal attention, trained for valence and arousal estimation. Particularly, we study the impact of some key design choices: the modelling complexity of CNN backbones that provide features to the the temporal models, with and without end-to-end learning. We trained the audiovisual affect recognition models on in-the-wild ABAW corpus by systematically tuning the hyper-parameters involved in the network architecture design and training optimisation. Our extensive evaluation of the audiovisual fusion models shows that LSTM-RNNs can outperform the attention models when coupled with low-complex CNN backbones and trained in an end-to-end fashion, implying that attention models may not necessarily be the optimal choice for continuous-time multimodal emotion recognition.      
