# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 21 Mar 2022
### 1.Bayesian Inversion for Nonlinear Imaging Models using Deep Generative Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.10078.pdf)
>  Most modern imaging systems involve a computational reconstruction pipeline to infer the image of interest from acquired measurements. The Bayesian reconstruction framework relies on the characterization of the posterior distribution, which depends on a model of the imaging system and prior knowledge on the image, for solving such inverse problems. Here, the choice of the prior distribution is critical for obtaining high-quality estimates. In this work, we use deep generative models to represent the prior distribution. We develop a posterior sampling scheme for the class of nonlinear inverse problems where the forward model has a neural-network-like structure. This class includes most existing imaging modalities. We introduce the notion of augmented generative models in order to suitably handle quantitative image recovery. We illustrate the advantages of our framework by applying it to two nonlinear imaging modalities-phase retrieval and optical diffraction tomography.      
### 2.Imaging-based histological features are predictive of MET alterations in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.10062.pdf)
>  MET is a proto-oncogene whose somatic activation in non-small cell lung cancer leads to increased cell growth and tumor progression. The two major classes of MET alterations are gene amplification and exon 14 deletion, both of which are therapeutic targets and detectable using existing molecular assays. However, existing tests are limited by their consumption of valuable tissue, cost and complexity that prevent widespread use. MET alterations could have an effect on cell morphology, and quantifying these associations could open new avenues for research and development of morphology-based screening tools. Using H&amp;E-stained whole slide images (WSIs), we investigated the association of distinct cell-morphological features with MET amplifications and MET exon 14 deletions. We found that cell shape, color, grayscale intensity and texture-based features from both tumor infiltrating lymphocytes and tumor cells distinguished MET wild-type from MET amplified or MET exon 14 deletion cases. The association of individual cell features with MET alterations suggested a predictive model could distinguish MET wild-type from MET amplification or MET exon 14 deletion. We therefore developed an L1-penalized logistic regression model, achieving a mean Area Under the Receiver Operating Characteristic Curve (ROC-AUC) of 0.77 +/- 0.05sd in cross-validation and 0.77 on an independent holdout test set. A sparse set of 43 features differentiated these classes, which included features similar to what was found in the univariate analysis as well as the percent of tumor cells in the tissue. Our study demonstrates that MET alterations result in a detectable morphological signal in tumor cells and lymphocytes. These results suggest that development of low-cost predictive models based on H&amp;E-stained WSIs may improve screening for MET altered tumors.      
### 3.Multi-input segmentation of damaged brain in acute ischemic stroke patients using slow fusion with skip connection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.10039.pdf)
>  Time is a fundamental factor during stroke treatments. A fast, automatic approach that segments the ischemic regions helps treatment decisions. In clinical use today, a set of color-coded parametric maps generated from computed tomography perfusion (CTP) images are investigated manually to decide a treatment plan. We propose an automatic method based on a neural network using a set of parametric maps to segment the two ischemic regions (core and penumbra) in patients affected by acute ischemic stroke. Our model is based on a convolution-deconvolution bottleneck structure with multi-input and slow fusion. A loss function based on the focal Tversky index addresses the data imbalance issue. The proposed architecture demonstrates effective performance and results comparable to the ground truth annotated by neuroradiologists. A Dice coefficient of 0.81 for penumbra and 0.52 for core over the large vessel occlusion test set is achieved. The full implementation is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/JtFGb" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.SHREC 2021: Classification in cryo-electron tomograms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.10035.pdf)
>  Cryo-electron tomography (cryo-ET) is an imaging technique that allows three-dimensional visualization of macro-molecular assemblies under near-native conditions. Cryo-ET comes with a number of challenges, mainly low signal-to-noise and inability to obtain images from all angles. Computational methods are key to analyze cryo-electron tomograms. <br>To promote innovation in computational methods, we generate a novel simulated dataset to benchmark different methods of localization and classification of biological macromolecules in tomograms. Our publicly available dataset contains ten tomographic reconstructions of simulated cell-like volumes. Each volume contains twelve different types of complexes, varying in size, function and structure. <br>In this paper, we have evaluated seven different methods of finding and classifying proteins. Seven research groups present results obtained with learning-based methods and trained on the simulated dataset, as well as a baseline template matching (TM), a traditional method widely used in cryo-ET research. We show that learning-based approaches can achieve notably better localization and classification performance than TM. We also experimentally confirm that there is a negative relationship between particle size and performance for all methods.      
### 5.Nonnegative-Constrained Joint Collaborative Representation with Union Dictionary for Hyperspectral Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.10030.pdf)
>  Recently, many collaborative representation-based (CR) algorithms have been proposed for hyperspectral anomaly detection. CR-based detectors approximate the image by a linear combination of background dictionaries and the coefficient matrix, and derive the detection map by utilizing recovery residuals. However, these CR-based detectors are often established on the premise of precise background features and strong image representation, which are very difficult to obtain. In addition, pursuing the coefficient matrix reinforced by the general $l_2$-min is very time consuming. To address these issues, a nonnegative-constrained joint collaborative representation model is proposed in this paper for the hyperspectral anomaly detection task. To extract reliable samples, a union dictionary consisting of background and anomaly sub-dictionaries is designed, where the background sub-dictionary is obtained at the superpixel level and the anomaly sub-dictionary is extracted by the pre-detection process. And the coefficient matrix is jointly optimized by the Frobenius norm regularization with a nonnegative constraint and a sum-to-one constraint. After the optimization process, the abnormal information is finally derived by calculating the residuals that exclude the assumed background information. To conduct comparable experiments, the proposed nonnegative-constrained joint collaborative representation (NJCR) model and its kernel version (KNJCR) are tested in four HSI data sets and achieve superior results compared with other state-of-the-art detectors.      
### 6.Unbiased Subclass Regularization for Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.10026.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised semantic segmentation learns from small amounts of labelled images and large amounts of unlabelled images, which has witnessed impressive progress with the recent advance of deep neural networks. However, it often suffers from severe class-bias problem while exploring the unlabelled images, largely due to the clear pixel-wise class imbalance in the labelled images. This paper presents an unbiased subclass regularization network (USRN) that alleviates the class imbalance issue by learning class-unbiased segmentation from balanced subclass distributions. We build the balanced subclass distributions by clustering pixels of each original class into multiple subclasses of similar sizes, which provide class-balanced pseudo supervision to regularize the class-biased segmentation. In addition, we design an entropy-based gate mechanism to coordinate learning between the original classes and the clustered subclasses which facilitates subclass regularization effectively by suppressing unconfident subclass predictions. Extensive experiments over multiple public benchmarks show that USRN achieves superior performance as compared with the state-of-the-art.      
### 7.ESS: Learning Event-based Semantic Segmentation from Still Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.10016.pdf)
>  Retrieving accurate semantic information in challenging high dynamic range (HDR) and high-speed conditions remains an open challenge for image-based algorithms due to severe image degradations. Event cameras promise to address these challenges since they feature a much higher dynamic range and are resilient to motion blur. Nonetheless, semantic segmentation with event cameras is still in its infancy which is chiefly due to the novelty of the sensor, and the lack of high-quality, labeled datasets. In this work, we introduce ESS, which tackles this problem by directly transferring the semantic segmentation task from existing labeled image datasets to unlabeled events via unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA). Compared to existing UDA methods, our approach aligns recurrent, motion-invariant event embeddings with image embeddings. For this reason, our method neither requires video data nor per-pixel alignment between images and events and, crucially, does not need to hallucinate motion from still images. Additionally, to spur further research in event-based semantic segmentation, we introduce DSEC-Semantic, the first large-scale event-based dataset with fine-grained labels. We show that using image labels alone, ESS outperforms existing UDA approaches, and when combined with event labels, it even outperforms state-of-the-art supervised approaches on both DDD17 and DSEC-Semantic. Finally, ESS is general-purpose, which unlocks the vast amount of existing labeled image datasets and paves the way for new and exciting research directions in new fields previously inaccessible for event cameras.      
### 8.Parametric Scaling of Preprocessing assisted U-net Architecture for Improvised Retinal Vessel Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.10014.pdf)
>  Extracting blood vessels from retinal fundus images plays a decisive role in diagnosing the progression in pertinent diseases. In medical image analysis, vessel extraction is a semantic binary segmentation problem, where blood vasculature needs to be extracted from the background. Here, we present an image enhancement technique based on the morphological preprocessing coupled with a scaled U-net architecture. Despite a relatively less number of trainable network parameters, the scaled version of U-net architecture provides better performance compare to other methods in the domain. We validated the proposed method on retinal fundus images from the DRIVE database. A significant improvement as compared to the other algorithms in the domain, in terms of the area under ROC curve (&gt;0.9762) and classification accuracy (&gt;95.47%) are evident from the results. Furthermore, the proposed method is resistant to the central vessel reflex while sensitive to detect blood vessels in the presence of background items viz. exudates, optic disc, and fovea.      
### 9.Application of Top-hat Transformation for Enhanced Blood Vessel Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.10005.pdf)
>  In the medical domain, different computer-aided diagnosis systems have been proposed to extract blood vessels from retinal fundus images for the clinical treatment of vascular diseases. Accurate extraction of blood vessels from the fundus images using a computer-generated method can help the clinician to produce timely and accurate reports for the patient suffering from these diseases. In this article, we integrate top-hat based preprocessing approach with fine-tuned B-COSFIRE filter to achieve more accurate segregation of blood vessel pixels from the background. The use of top-hat transformation in the preprocessing stage enhances the efficacy of the algorithm to extract blood vessels in presence of structures like fovea, exudates, haemorrhages, etc. Furthermore, to reduce the false positives, small clusters of blood vessel pixels are removed in the postprocessing stage. Further, we find that the proposed algorithm is more efficient as compared to various modern algorithms reported in the literature.      
### 10.Elastica Models for Color Image Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09995.pdf)
>  One classical approach to regularize color is to tream them as two dimensional surfaces embedded in a five dimensional spatial-chromatic space. In this case, a natural regularization term arises as the image surface area. Choosing the chromatic coordinates as dominating over the spatial ones, the image spatial coordinates could be thought of as a paramterization of the image surface manifold in a three dimensional color space. Minimizing the area of the image manifold leads to the Beltrami flow or mean curvature flow of the image surface in the 3D color space, while minimizing the elastica of the image surface yields an additional interesting regularization. Recently, the authors proposed a color elastica model, which minimizes both the surface area and elastica of the image manifold. In this paper, we propose to modify the color elastica and introduce two new models for color image regularization. The revised measures are motivated by the relations between the color elastica model, Euler's elastica model and the total variation model for gray level images. Compared to our previous color elastica model, the new models are direct extensions of Euler's elastica model to color images. The proposed models are nonlinear and challenging to minimize. To overcome this difficulty, two operator-splitting methods are suggested. Specifically, nonlinearities are decoupled by introducing new vector- and matrix-valued variables. Then, the minimization problems are converted to solving initial value problems which are time-discretized by operator splitting. Each subproblem, after splitting either, has a closed-form solution or can be solved efficiently. The effectiveness and advantages of the proposed models are demonstrated by comprehensive experiments. The benefits of incorporating the elastica of the image surface as regularization terms compared to common alternatives are empirically validated.      
### 11.Diffusion and Volume Maximization-Based Clustering of Highly Mixed Hyperspectral Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09992.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral images of a scene or object are a rich data source, often encoding a hundred or more spectral bands of reflectance at each pixel. Despite being very high-dimensional, these images typically encode latent low-dimensional structure that can be exploited for material discrimination. However, due to an inherent trade-off between spectral and spatial resolution, many hyperspectral images are generated at a coarse spatial scale, and single pixels may correspond to spatial regions containing multiple materials. This article introduces the \emph{Diffusion and Volume maximization-based Image Clustering} (\emph{D-VIC}) algorithm for unsupervised material discrimination. D-VIC locates cluster modes -- high-density, high-purity pixels in the hyperspectral image that are far in diffusion distance (a data-dependent distance metric) from other high-density, high-purity pixels -- and assigns these pixels unique labels, as these points are meant to exemplify underlying material structure. Non-modal pixels are labeled according to their diffusion distance nearest neighbor of higher density and purity that is already labeled. By directly incorporating pixel purity into its modal and non-modal labeling, D-VIC upweights pixels that correspond to a spatial region containing just a single material, yielding more interpretable clusterings. D-VIC is shown to outperform baseline and comparable state-of-the-art methods in extensive numerical experiments on a range of hyperspectral images, implying that it is well-equipped for material discrimination and clustering of these data.      
### 12.GiNGR: Generalized Iterative Non-Rigid Point Cloud and Surface Registration Using Gaussian Process Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09986.pdf)
>  In this paper, we unify popular non-rigid registration methods for point sets and surfaces under our general framework, GiNGR. GiNGR builds upon Gaussian Process Morphable Models (GPMM) and hence separates modeling the deformation prior from model adaptation for registration. In addition, it provides explainable hyperparameters, multi-resolution registration, trivial inclusion of expert annotation, and the ability to use and combine analytical and statistical deformation priors. But more importantly, the reformulation allows for a direct comparison of registration methods. Instead of using a general solver in the optimization step, we show how Gaussian process regression (GPR) iteratively can warp a reference onto a target, leading to smooth deformations following the prior for any dense, sparse, or partial estimated correspondences in a principled way. We show how the popular CPD and ICP algorithms can be directly explained with GiNGR. Furthermore, we show how existing algorithms in the GiNGR framework can perform probabilistic registration to obtain a distribution of different registrations instead of a single best registration. This can be used to analyze the uncertainty e.g. when registering partial observations. GiNGR is publicly available and fully modular to allow for domain-specific prior construction.      
### 13.Enhancement of Novel View Synthesis Using Omnidirectional Image Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09957.pdf)
>  We present a method for synthesizing novel views from a single 360-degree image based on the neural radiance field (NeRF) . Prior studies rely on the neighborhood interpolation capability of multi-layer perceptrons to complete missing regions caused by occlusion and zooming, and this leads to artifacts. In the proposed method, the input image is reprojected to 360-degree images at other camera positions, the missing regions of the reprojected images are completed by a self-supervised trained generative model, and the completed images are utilized to train the NeRF. Because multiple completed images contain inconsistencies in 3D, we introduce a method to train NeRF while dynamically selecting a sparse set of completed images, to reduce the discrimination error of the synthesized views with real images. Experiments indicate that the proposed method can synthesize plausible novel views while preserving the features of the scene for both artificial and real-world data.      
### 14.Neural Enhanced Belief Propagation for Data Assocation in Multiobject Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09948.pdf)
>  Situation-aware technologies enabled by multiobject tracking (MOT) methods will create new services and applications in fields such as autonomous navigation and applied ocean sciences. Belief propagation (BP) is a state-of-the-art method for Bayesian MOT but fully relies on a statistical model and preprocessed sensor measurements. In this paper, we establish a hybrid method for model-based and data-driven MOT. The proposed neural enhanced belief propagation (NEBP) approach complements BP by information learned from raw sensor data with the goal to improve data association and to reject false alarm measurements. We evaluate the performance of our NEBP approach for MOT on the nuScenes autonomous driving dataset and demonstrate that it can outperform state-of-the-art reference methods.      
### 15.On the sensitivity of pose estimation neural networks: rotation parameterizations, Lipschitz constants, and provable bounds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09937.pdf)
>  In this paper, we approach the task of determining sensitivity bounds for pose estimation neural networks. This task is particularly challenging as it requires characterizing the sensitivity of 3D rotations. We develop a sensitivity measure that describes the maximum rotational change in a network's output with respect to a Euclidean change in its input. We show that this measure is a type of Lipschitz constant, and that it is bounded by the product of a network's Euclidean Lipschitz constant and an intrinsic property of a rotation parameterization which we call the "distance ratio constant". We derive the distance ratio constant for several rotation parameterizations, and then discuss why the structure of most of these parameterizations makes it difficult to construct a pose estimation network with provable sensitivity bounds. However, we show that sensitivity bounds can be computed for networks which parameterize rotation using unconstrained exponential coordinates. We then construct and train such a network and compute sensitivity bounds for it.      
### 16.3DAC: Learning Attribute Compression for Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09931.pdf)
>  We study the problem of attribute compression for large-scale unstructured 3D point clouds. Through an in-depth exploration of the relationships between different encoding steps and different attribute channels, we introduce a deep compression network, termed 3DAC, to explicitly compress the attributes of 3D point clouds and reduce storage usage in this paper. Specifically, the point cloud attributes such as color and reflectance are firstly converted to transform coefficients. We then propose a deep entropy model to model the probabilities of these coefficients by considering information hidden in attribute transforms and previous encoded attributes. Finally, the estimated probabilities are used to further compress these transform coefficients to a final attributes bitstream. Extensive experiments conducted on both indoor and outdoor large-scale open point cloud datasets, including ScanNet and SemanticKITTI, demonstrated the superior compression rates and reconstruction quality of the proposed 3DAC.      
### 17.Deepfake Style Transfer Mixture: a First Forensic Ballistics Study on Synthetic Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09928.pdf)
>  Most recent style-transfer techniques based on generative architectures are able to obtain synthetic multimedia contents, or commonly called deepfakes, with almost no artifacts. Researchers already demonstrated that synthetic images contain patterns that can determine not only if it is a deepfake but also the generative architecture employed to create the image data itself. These traces can be exploited to study problems that have never been addressed in the context of deepfakes. To this aim, in this paper a first approach to investigate the image ballistics on deepfake images subject to style-transfer manipulations is proposed. Specifically, this paper describes a study on detecting how many times a digital image has been processed by a generative architecture for style transfer. Moreover, in order to address and study accurately forensic ballistics on deepfake images, some mathematical properties of style-transfer operations were investigated.      
### 18.Revealing Reliable Signatures by Learning Top-Rank Pairs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09927.pdf)
>  Signature verification, as a crucial practical documentation analysis task, has been continuously studied by researchers in machine learning and pattern recognition fields. In specific scenarios like confirming financial documents and legal instruments, ensuring the absolute reliability of signatures is of top priority. In this work, we proposed a new method to learn "top-rank pairs" for writer-independent offline signature verification tasks. By this scheme, it is possible to maximize the number of absolutely reliable signatures. More precisely, our method to learn top-rank pairs aims at pushing positive samples beyond negative samples, after pairing each of them with a genuine reference signature. In the experiment, BHSig-B and BHSig-H datasets are used for evaluation, on which the proposed model achieves overwhelming better pos@top (the ratio of absolute top positive samples to all of the positive samples) while showing encouraging performance on both Area Under the Curve (AUC) and accuracy.      
### 19.Convolutional Simultaneous Sparse Approximation with Applications to RGB-NIR Image Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09913.pdf)
>  Simultaneous sparse approximation (SSA) seeks to represent a set of dependent signals using sparse vectors with identical supports. The SSA model has been used in various signal and image processing applications involving multiple correlated input signals. In this paper, we propose algorithms for convolutional SSA (CSSA) based on the alternating direction method of multipliers. Specifically, we address the CSSA problem with different sparsity structures and the convolutional feature learning problem in multimodal data/signals based on the SSA model. We evaluate the proposed algorithms by applying them to multimodal and multifocus image fusion problems.      
### 20.Fourier Document Restoration for Robust Document Dewarping and Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09910.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art document dewarping techniques learn to predict 3-dimensional information of documents which are prone to errors while dealing with documents with irregular distortions or large variations in depth. This paper presents FDRNet, a Fourier Document Restoration Network that can restore documents with different distortions and improve document recognition in a reliable and simpler manner. FDRNet focuses on high-frequency components in the Fourier space that capture most structural information but are largely free of degradation in appearance. It dewarps documents by a flexible Thin-Plate Spline transformation which can handle various deformations effectively without requiring deformation annotations in training. These features allow FDRNet to learn from a small amount of simply labeled training images, and the learned model can dewarp documents with complex geometric distortion and recognize the restored texts accurately. To facilitate document restoration research, we create a benchmark dataset consisting of over one thousand camera documents with different types of geometric and photometric distortion. Extensive experiments show that FDRNet outperforms the state-of-the-art by large margins on both dewarping and text recognition tasks. In addition, FDRNet requires a small amount of simply labeled training data and is easy to deploy.      
### 21.Learning Affordance Grounding from Exocentric Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09905.pdf)
>  Affordance grounding, a task to ground (i.e., localize) action possibility region in objects, which faces the challenge of establishing an explicit link with object parts due to the diversity of interactive affordance. Human has the ability that transform the various exocentric interactions to invariant egocentric affordance so as to counter the impact of interactive diversity. To empower an agent with such ability, this paper proposes a task of affordance grounding from exocentric view, i.e., given exocentric human-object interaction and egocentric object images, learning the affordance knowledge of the object and transferring it to the egocentric image using only the affordance label as supervision. To this end, we devise a cross-view knowledge transfer framework that extracts affordance-specific features from exocentric interactions and enhances the perception of affordance regions by preserving affordance correlation. Specifically, an Affordance Invariance Mining module is devised to extract specific clues by minimizing the intra-class differences originated from interaction habits in exocentric images. Besides, an Affordance Co-relation Preserving strategy is presented to perceive and localize affordance by aligning the co-relation matrix of predicted results between the two views. Particularly, an affordance grounding dataset named AGD20K is constructed by collecting and labeling over 20K images from 36 affordance categories. Experimental results demonstrate that our method outperforms the representative models in terms of objective metrics and visual quality. Code: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/lhc1224/Cross-View-AG" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 22.CodedVTR: Codebook-based Sparse Voxel Transformer with Geometric Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09887.pdf)
>  Transformers have gained much attention by outperforming convolutional neural networks in many 2D vision tasks. However, they are known to have generalization problems and rely on massive-scale pre-training and sophisticated training techniques. When applying to 3D tasks, the irregular data structure and limited data scale add to the difficulty of transformer's application. We propose CodedVTR (Codebook-based Voxel TRansformer), which improves data efficiency and generalization ability for 3D sparse voxel transformers. On the one hand, we propose the codebook-based attention that projects an attention space into its subspace represented by the combination of "prototypes" in a learnable codebook. It regularizes attention learning and improves generalization. On the other hand, we propose geometry-aware self-attention that utilizes geometric information (geometric pattern, density) to guide attention learning. CodedVTR could be embedded into existing sparse convolution-based methods, and bring consistent performance improvements for indoor and outdoor 3D semantic segmentation tasks      
### 23.Multi-Modal Masked Pre-Training for Monocular Panoramic Depth Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09855.pdf)
>  In this paper, we formulate a potentially valuable panoramic depth completion (PDC) task as panoramic 3D cameras often produce 360° depth with missing data in complex scenes. Its goal is to recover dense panoramic depths from raw sparse ones and panoramic RGB images. To deal with the PDC task, we train a deep network that takes both depth and image as inputs for the dense panoramic depth recovery. However, it needs to face a challenging optimization problem of the network parameters due to its non-convex objective function. To address this problem, we propose a simple yet effective approach termed M{^3}PT: multi-modal masked pre-training. Specifically, during pre-training, we simultaneously cover up patches of the panoramic RGB image and sparse depth by shared random mask, then reconstruct the sparse depth in the masked regions. To our best knowledge, it is the first time that we show the effectiveness of masked pre-training in a multi-modal vision task, instead of the single-modal task resolved by masked autoencoders (MAE). Different from MAE where fine-tuning completely discards the decoder part of pre-training, there is no architectural difference between the pre-training and fine-tuning stages in our M$^{3}$PT as they only differ in the prediction density, which potentially makes the transfer learning more convenient and effective. Extensive experiments verify the effectiveness of M{^3}PT on three panoramic datasets. Notably, we improve the state-of-the-art baselines by averagely 26.2% in RMSE, 51.7% in MRE, 49.7% in MAE, and 37.5% in RMSElog on three benchmark datasets. Codes and pre-trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/anonymoustbd/MMMPT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 24.Location-Free Camouflage Generation Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09845.pdf)
>  Camouflage is a common visual phenomenon, which refers to hiding the foreground objects into the background images, making them briefly invisible to the human eye. Previous work has typically been implemented by an iterative optimization process. However, these methods struggle in 1) efficiently generating camouflage images using foreground and background with arbitrary structure; 2) camouflaging foreground objects to regions with multiple appearances (e.g. the junction of the vegetation and the mountains), which limit their practical application. To address these problems, this paper proposes a novel Location-free Camouflage Generation Network (LCG-Net) that fuse high-level features of foreground and background image, and generate result by one inference. Specifically, a Position-aligned Structure Fusion (PSF) module is devised to guide structure feature fusion based on the point-to-point structure similarity of foreground and background, and introduce local appearance features point-by-point. To retain the necessary identifiable features, a new immerse loss is adopted under our pipeline, while a background patch appearance loss is utilized to ensure that the hidden objects look continuous and natural at regions with multiple appearances. Experiments show that our method has results as satisfactory as state-of-the-art in the single-appearance regions and are less likely to be completely invisible, but far exceed the quality of the state-of-the-art in the multi-appearance regions. Moreover, our method is hundreds of times faster than previous methods. Benefitting from the unique advantages of our method, we provide some downstream applications for camouflage generation, which show its potential. The related code and dataset will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Tale17/LCG-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.Perspective Flow Aggregation for Data-Limited 6D Object Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09836.pdf)
>  Most recent 6D object pose estimation methods, including unsupervised ones, require many real training images. Unfortunately, for some applications, such as those in space or deep under water, acquiring real images, even unannotated, is virtually impossible. In this paper, we propose a method that can be trained solely on synthetic images, or optionally using a few additional real ones. Given a rough pose estimate obtained from a first network, it uses a second network to predict a dense 2D correspondence field between the image rendered using the rough pose and the real image and infers the required pose correction. This approach is much less sensitive to the domain shift between synthetic and real images than state-of-the-art methods. It performs on par with methods that require annotated real images for training when not using any, and outperforms them considerably when using as few as twenty real images.      
### 26.DTA: Physical Camouflage Attacks using Differentiable Transformation Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09831.pdf)
>  To perform adversarial attacks in the physical world, many studies have proposed adversarial camouflage, a method to hide a target object by applying camouflage patterns on 3D object surfaces. For obtaining optimal physical adversarial camouflage, previous studies have utilized the so-called neural renderer, as it supports differentiability. However, existing neural renderers cannot fully represent various real-world transformations due to a lack of control of scene parameters compared to the legacy photo-realistic renderers. In this paper, we propose the Differentiable Transformation Attack (DTA), a framework for generating a robust physical adversarial pattern on a target object to camouflage it against object detection models with a wide range of transformations. It utilizes our novel Differentiable Transformation Network (DTN), which learns the expected transformation of a rendered object when the texture is changed while preserving the original properties of the target object. Using our attack framework, an adversary can gain both the advantages of the legacy photo-realistic renderers including various physical-world transformations and the benefit of white-box access by offering differentiability. Our experiments show that our camouflaged 3D vehicles can successfully evade state-of-the-art object detection models in the photo-realistic environment (i.e., CARLA on Unreal Engine). Furthermore, our demonstration on a scaled Tesla Model 3 proves the applicability and transferability of our method to the real world.      
### 27.Laneformer: Object-aware Row-Column Transformers for Lane Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09830.pdf)
>  We present Laneformer, a conceptually simple yet powerful transformer-based architecture tailored for lane detection that is a long-standing research topic for visual perception in autonomous driving. The dominant paradigms rely on purely CNN-based architectures which often fail in incorporating relations of long-range lane points and global contexts induced by surrounding objects (e.g., pedestrians, vehicles). Inspired by recent advances of the transformer encoder-decoder architecture in various vision tasks, we move forwards to design a new end-to-end Laneformer architecture that revolutionizes the conventional transformers into better capturing the shape and semantic characteristics of lanes, with minimal overhead in latency. First, coupling with deformable pixel-wise self-attention in the encoder, Laneformer presents two new row and column self-attention operations to efficiently mine point context along with the lane shapes. Second, motivated by the appearing objects would affect the decision of predicting lane segments, Laneformer further includes the detected object instances as extra inputs of multi-head attention blocks in the encoder and decoder to facilitate the lane point detection by sensing semantic contexts. Specifically, the bounding box locations of objects are added into Key module to provide interaction with each pixel and query while the ROI-aligned features are inserted into Value module. Extensive experiments demonstrate our Laneformer achieves state-of-the-art performances on CULane benchmark, in terms of 77.1% F1 score. We hope our simple and effective Laneformer will serve as a strong baseline for future research in self-attention models for lane detection.      
### 28.Cross-Modal Perceptionist: Can Face Geometry be Gleaned from Voices?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09824.pdf)
>  This work digs into a root question in human perception: can face geometry be gleaned from one's voices? Previous works that study this question only adopt developments in image synthesis and convert voices into face images to show correlations, but working on the image domain unavoidably involves predicting attributes that voices cannot hint, including facial textures, hairstyles, and backgrounds. We instead investigate the ability to reconstruct 3D faces to concentrate on only geometry, which is much more physiologically grounded. We propose our analysis framework, Cross-Modal Perceptionist, under both supervised and unsupervised learning. First, we construct a dataset, Voxceleb-3D, which extends Voxceleb and includes paired voices and face meshes, making supervised learning possible. Second, we use a knowledge distillation mechanism to study whether face geometry can still be gleaned from voices without paired voices and 3D face data under limited availability of 3D face scans. We break down the core question into four parts and perform visual and numerical analyses as responses to the core question. Our findings echo those in physiology and neuroscience about the correlation between voices and facial structures. The work provides future human-centric cross-modal learning with explainable foundations. See our project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://choyingw.github.io/works/Voice2Mesh/index.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 29.Stacked Hybrid-Attention and Group Collaborative Learning for Unbiased Scene Graph Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09811.pdf)
>  Scene Graph Generation, which generally follows a regular encoder-decoder pipeline, aims to first encode the visual contents within the given image and then parse them into a compact summary graph. Existing SGG approaches generally not only neglect the insufficient modality fusion between vision and language, but also fail to provide informative predicates due to the biased relationship predictions, leading SGG far from practical. Towards this end, in this paper, we first present a novel Stacked Hybrid-Attention network, which facilitates the intra-modal refinement as well as the inter-modal interaction, to serve as the encoder. We then devise an innovative Group Collaborative Learning strategy to optimize the decoder. Particularly, based upon the observation that the recognition capability of one classifier is limited towards an extremely unbalanced dataset, we first deploy a group of classifiers that are expert in distinguishing different subsets of classes, and then cooperatively optimize them from two aspects to promote the unbiased SGG. Experiments conducted on VG and GQA datasets demonstrate that, we not only establish a new state-of-the-art in the unbiased metric, but also nearly double the performance compared with two baselines.      
### 30.Learning Consistency from High-quality Pseudo-labels for Weakly Supervised Object Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09803.pdf)
>  Pseudo-supervised learning methods have been shown to be effective for weakly supervised object localization tasks. However, the effectiveness depends on the powerful regularization ability of deep neural networks. Based on the assumption that the localization network should have similar location predictions on different versions of the same image, we propose a two-stage approach to learn more consistent localization. In the first stage, we propose a mask-based pseudo label generator algorithm, and use the pseudo-supervised learning method to initialize an object localization network. In the second stage, we propose a simple and effective method for evaluating the confidence of pseudo-labels based on classification discrimination, and by learning consistency from high-quality pseudo-labels, we further refine the localization network to get better localization performance. Experimental results show that our proposed approach achieves excellent performance in three benchmark datasets including CUB-200-2011, ImageNet-1k and Tiny-ImageNet, which demonstrates its effectiveness.      
### 31.Three things everyone should know about Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09795.pdf)
>  After their initial success in natural language processing, transformer architectures have rapidly gained traction in computer vision, providing state-of-the-art results for tasks such as image classification, detection, segmentation, and video analysis. We offer three insights based on simple and easy to implement variants of vision transformers. (1) The residual layers of vision transformers, which are usually processed sequentially, can to some extent be processed efficiently in parallel without noticeably affecting the accuracy. (2) Fine-tuning the weights of the attention layers is sufficient to adapt vision transformers to a higher resolution and to other classification tasks. This saves compute, reduces the peak memory consumption at fine-tuning time, and allows sharing the majority of weights across tasks. (3) Adding MLP-based patch pre-processing layers improves Bert-like self-supervised training based on patch masking. We evaluate the impact of these design choices using the ImageNet-1k dataset, and confirm our findings on the ImageNet-v2 test set. Transfer performance is measured across six smaller datasets.      
### 32.Towards Robust 2D Convolution for Reliable Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09790.pdf)
>  2D convolution (Conv2d), which is responsible for extracting features from the input image, is one of the key modules of a convolutional neural network (CNN). However, Conv2d is vulnerable to image corruptions and adversarial samples. It is an important yet rarely investigated problem that whether we can design a more robust alternative of Conv2d for more reliable feature extraction. In this paper, inspired by the recently developed learnable sparse transform that learns to convert the CNN features into a compact and sparse latent space, we design a novel building block, denoted by RConv-MK, to strengthen the robustness of extracted convolutional features. Our method leverages a set of learnable kernels of different sizes to extract features at different frequencies and employs a normalized soft thresholding operator to adaptively remove noises and trivial features at different corruption levels. Extensive experiments on clean images, corrupted images as well as adversarial samples validate the effectiveness of the proposed robust module for reliable visual recognition. The source codes are enclosed in the submission.      
### 33.Sparse Fuse Dense: Towards High Quality 3D Detection with Depth Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09780.pdf)
>  Current LiDAR-only 3D detection methods inevitably suffer from the sparsity of point clouds. Many multi-modal methods are proposed to alleviate this issue, while different representations of images and point clouds make it difficult to fuse them, resulting in suboptimal performance. In this paper, we present a novel multi-modal framework SFD (Sparse Fuse Dense), which utilizes pseudo point clouds generated from depth completion to tackle the issues mentioned above. Different from prior works, we propose a new RoI fusion strategy 3D-GAF (3D Grid-wise Attentive Fusion) to make fuller use of information from different types of point clouds. Specifically, 3D-GAF fuses 3D RoI features from the couple of point clouds in a grid-wise attentive way, which is more fine-grained and more precise. In addition, we propose a SynAugment (Synchronized Augmentation) to enable our multi-modal framework to utilize all data augmentation approaches tailored to LiDAR-only methods. Lastly, we customize an effective and efficient feature extractor CPConv (Color Point Convolution) for pseudo point clouds. It can explore 2D image features and 3D geometric features of pseudo point clouds simultaneously. Our method holds the highest entry on the KITTI car 3D object detection leaderboard, demonstrating the effectiveness of our SFD. Code will be made publicly available.      
### 34.Transferable Class-Modelling for Decentralized Source Attribution of GAN-Generated Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09777.pdf)
>  GAN-generated deepfakes as a genre of digital images are gaining ground as both catalysts of artistic expression and malicious forms of deception, therefore demanding systems to enforce and accredit their ethical use. Existing techniques for the source attribution of synthetic images identify subtle intrinsic fingerprints using multiclass classification neural nets limited in functionality and scalability. Hence, we redefine the deepfake detection and source attribution problems as a series of related binary classification tasks. We leverage transfer learning to rapidly adapt forgery detection networks for multiple independent attribution problems, by proposing a semi-decentralized modular design to solve them simultaneously and efficiently. Class activation mapping is also demonstrated as an effective means of feature localization for model interpretation. Our models are determined via experimentation to be competitive with current benchmarks, and capable of decent performance on human portraits in ideal conditions. Decentralized fingerprint-based attribution is found to retain validity in the presence of novel sources, but is more susceptible to type II errors that intensify with image perturbations and attributive uncertainty. We describe both our conceptual framework and model prototypes for further enhancement when investigating the technical limits of reactive deepfake attribution.      
### 35.ContrastMask: Contrastive Learning to Segment Every Thing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09775.pdf)
>  Partially-supervised instance segmentation is a task which requests segmenting objects from novel unseen categories via learning on limited seen categories with annotated masks thus eliminating demands of heavy annotation burden. The key to addressing this task is to build an effective class-agnostic mask segmentation model. Unlike previous methods that learn such models only on seen categories, in this paper, we propose a new method, named ContrastMask, which learns a mask segmentation model on both seen and unseen categories under a unified pixel-level contrastive learning framework. In this framework, annotated masks of seen categories and pseudo masks of unseen categories serve as a prior for contrastive learning, where features from the mask regions (foreground) are pulled together, and are contrasted against those from the background, and vice versa. Through this framework, feature discrimination between foreground and background is largely improved, facilitating learning of the class-agnostic mask segmentation model. Exhaustive experiments on the COCO dataset demonstrate the superiority of our method, which outperforms previous state-of-the-arts.      
### 36.Local-Global Context Aware Transformer for Language-Guided Video Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09773.pdf)
>  We explore the task of language-guided video segmentation (LVS). Previous algorithms mostly adopt 3D CNNs to learn video representation, struggling to capture long-term context and easily suffering from visual-linguistic misalignment. In light of this, we present Locater (local-global context aware Transformer), which augments the Transformer architecture with a finite memory so as to query the entire video with the language expression in an efficient manner. The memory is designed to involve two components -- one for persistently preserving global video content, and one for dynamically gathering local temporal context and segmentation history. Based on the memorized local-global context and the particular content of each frame, Locater holistically and flexibly comprehends the expression as an adaptive query vector for each frame. The vector is used to query the corresponding frame for mask generation. The memory also allows Locater to process videos with linear time complexity and constant size memory, while Transformer-style self-attention computation scales quadratically with sequence length. To thoroughly examine the visual grounding capability of LVS models, we contribute a new LVS dataset, A2D-S+, which is built upon A2D-S dataset but poses increased challenges in disambiguating among similar objects. Experiments on three LVS datasets and our A2D-S+ show that Locater outperforms previous state-of-the-arts. Further, our Locater based solution achieved the 1st place in the Referring Video Object Segmentation Track of the 3rd Large-scale Video Object Segmentation Challenge. Our code and dataset are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/leonnnop/Locater" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 37.Completing Partial Point Clouds with Outliers by Collaborative Completion and Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09772.pdf)
>  Most existing point cloud completion methods are only applicable to partial point clouds without any noises and outliers, which does not always hold in practice. We propose in this paper an end-to-end network, named CS-Net, to complete the point clouds contaminated by noises or containing outliers. In our CS-Net, the completion and segmentation modules work collaboratively to promote each other, benefited from our specifically designed cascaded structure. With the help of segmentation, more clean point cloud is fed into the completion module. We design a novel completion decoder which harnesses the labels obtained by segmentation together with FPS to purify the point cloud and leverages KNN-grouping for better generation. The completion and segmentation modules work alternately share the useful information from each other to gradually improve the quality of prediction. To train our network, we build a dataset to simulate the real case where incomplete point clouds contain outliers. Our comprehensive experiments and comparisons against state-of-the-art completion methods demonstrate our superiority. We also compare with the scheme of segmentation followed by completion and their end-to-end fusion, which also proves our efficacy.      
### 38.Beyond a Video Frame Interpolator: A Space Decoupled Learning Approach to Continuous Image Transition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09771.pdf)
>  Video frame interpolation (VFI) aims to improve the temporal resolution of a video sequence. Most of the existing deep learning based VFI methods adopt off-the-shelf optical flow algorithms to estimate the bidirectional flows and interpolate the missing frames accordingly. Though having achieved a great success, these methods require much human experience to tune the bidirectional flows and often generate unpleasant results when the estimated flows are not accurate. In this work, we rethink the VFI problem and formulate it as a continuous image transition (CIT) task, whose key issue is to transition an image from one space to another space continuously. More specifically, we learn to implicitly decouple the images into a translatable flow space and a non-translatable feature space. The former depicts the translatable states between the given images, while the later aims to reconstruct the intermediate features that cannot be directly translated. In this way, we can easily perform image interpolation in the flow space and intermediate image synthesis in the feature space, obtaining a CIT model. The proposed space decoupled learning (SDL) approach is simple to implement, while it provides an effective framework to a variety of CIT problems beyond VFI, such as style transfer and image morphing. Our extensive experiments on a variety of CIT tasks demonstrate the superiority of SDL to existing methods. The source code and models can be found at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yangxy/SDL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 39.AutoAdversary: A Pixel Pruning Method for Sparse Adversarial Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09756.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have been proven to be vulnerable to adversarial examples. A special branch of adversarial examples, namely sparse adversarial examples, can fool the target DNNs by perturbing only a few pixels. However, many existing sparse adversarial attacks use heuristic methods to select the pixels to be perturbed, and regard the pixel selection and the adversarial attack as two separate steps. From the perspective of neural network pruning, we propose a novel end-to-end sparse adversarial attack method, namely AutoAdversary, which can find the most important pixels automatically by integrating the pixel selection into the adversarial attack. Specifically, our method utilizes a trainable neural network to generate a binary mask for the pixel selection. After jointly optimizing the adversarial perturbation and the neural network, only the pixels corresponding to the value 1 in the mask are perturbed. Experiments demonstrate the superiority of our proposed method over several state-of-the-art methods. Furthermore, since AutoAdversary does not require a heuristic pixel selection process, it does not slow down excessively as other methods when the image size increases.      
### 40.Class-Balanced Pixel-Level Self-Labeling for Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09744.pdf)
>  Domain adaptive semantic segmentation aims to learn a model with the supervision of source domain data, and produce satisfactory dense predictions on unlabeled target domain. One popular solution to this challenging task is self-training, which selects high-scoring predictions on target samples as pseudo labels for training. However, the produced pseudo labels often contain much noise because the model is biased to source domain as well as majority categories. To address the above issues, we propose to directly explore the intrinsic pixel distributions of target domain data, instead of heavily relying on the source domain. Specifically, we simultaneously cluster pixels and rectify pseudo labels with the obtained cluster assignments. This process is done in an online fashion so that pseudo labels could co-evolve with the segmentation model without extra training rounds. To overcome the class imbalance problem on long-tailed categories, we employ a distribution alignment technique to enforce the marginal class distribution of cluster assignments to be close to that of pseudo labels. The proposed method, namely Class-balanced Pixel-level Self-Labeling (CPSL), improves the segmentation performance on target domain over state-of-the-arts by a large margin, especially on long-tailed categories.      
### 41.Do Deep Networks Transfer Invariances Across Classes?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09739.pdf)
>  To generalize well, classifiers must learn to be invariant to nuisance transformations that do not alter an input's class. Many problems have "class-agnostic" nuisance transformations that apply similarly to all classes, such as lighting and background changes for image classification. Neural networks can learn these invariances given sufficient data, but many real-world datasets are heavily class imbalanced and contain only a few examples for most of the classes. We therefore pose the question: how well do neural networks transfer class-agnostic invariances learned from the large classes to the small ones? Through careful experimentation, we observe that invariance to class-agnostic transformations is still heavily dependent on class size, with the networks being much less invariant on smaller classes. This result holds even when using data balancing techniques, and suggests poor invariance transfer across classes. Our results provide one explanation for why classifiers generalize poorly on unbalanced and long-tailed distributions. Based on this analysis, we show how a generative approach for learning the nuisance transformations can help transfer invariances across classes and improve performance on a set of imbalanced image classification benchmarks. Source code for our experiments is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/AllanYangZhou/generative-invariance-transfer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 42.Semi-Supervised Learning with Mutual Distillation for Monocular Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09737.pdf)
>  We propose a semi-supervised learning framework for monocular depth estimation. Compared to existing semi-supervised learning methods, which inherit limitations of both sparse supervised and unsupervised loss functions, we achieve the complementary advantages of both loss functions, by building two separate network branches for each loss and distilling each other through the mutual distillation loss function. We also present to apply different data augmentation to each branch, which improves the robustness. We conduct experiments to demonstrate the effectiveness of our framework over the latest methods and provide extensive ablation studies.      
### 43.Series Photo Selection via Multi-view Graph Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09736.pdf)
>  Series photo selection (SPS) is an important branch of the image aesthetics quality assessment, which focuses on finding the best one from a series of nearly identical photos. While a great progress has been observed, most of the existing SPS approaches concentrate solely on extracting features from the original image, neglecting that multiple views, e.g, saturation level, color histogram and depth of field of the image, will be of benefit to successfully reflecting the subtle aesthetic changes. Taken multi-view into consideration, we leverage a graph neural network to construct the relationships between multi-view features. Besides, multiple views are aggregated with an adaptive-weight self-attention module to verify the significance of each view. Finally, a siamese network is proposed to select the best one from a series of nearly identical photos. Experimental results demonstrate that our model accomplish the highest success rates compared with competitive methods.      
### 44.Distortion-Tolerant Monocular Depth Estimation On Omnidirectional Images Using Dual-cubemap  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09733.pdf)
>  Estimating the depth of omnidirectional images is more challenging than that of normal field-of-view (NFoV) images because the varying distortion can significantly twist an object's shape. The existing methods suffer from troublesome distortion while estimating the depth of omnidirectional images, leading to inferior performance. To reduce the negative impact of the distortion influence, we propose a distortion-tolerant omnidirectional depth estimation algorithm using a dual-cubemap. It comprises two modules: Dual-Cubemap Depth Estimation (DCDE) module and Boundary Revision (BR) module. In DCDE module, we present a rotation-based dual-cubemap model to estimate the accurate NFoV depth, reducing the distortion at the cost of boundary discontinuity on omnidirectional depths. Then a boundary revision module is designed to smooth the discontinuous boundaries, which contributes to the precise and visually continuous omnidirectional depths. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of our method over other state-of-the-art solutions.      
### 45.A Dual Weighting Label Assignment Scheme for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09730.pdf)
>  Label assignment (LA), which aims to assign each training sample a positive (pos) and a negative (neg) loss weight, plays an important role in object detection. Existing LA methods mostly focus on the design of pos weighting function, while the neg weight is directly derived from the pos weight. Such a mechanism limits the learning capacity of detectors. In this paper, we explore a new weighting paradigm, termed dual weighting (DW), to specify pos and neg weights separately. We first identify the key influential factors of pos/neg weights by analyzing the evaluation metrics in object detection, and then design the pos and neg weighting functions based on them. Specifically, the pos weight of a sample is determined by the consistency degree between its classification and localization scores, while the neg weight is decomposed into two terms: the probability that it is a neg sample and its importance conditioned on being a neg sample. Such a weighting strategy offers greater flexibility to distinguish between important and less important samples, resulting in a more effective object detector. Equipped with the proposed DW method, a single FCOS-ResNet-50 detector can reach 41.5% mAP on COCO under 1x schedule, outperforming other existing LA methods. It consistently improves the baselines on COCO by a large margin under various backbones without bells and whistles. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/strongwolf/DW" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 46.REALY: Rethinking the Evaluation of 3D Face Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09729.pdf)
>  The evaluation of 3D face reconstruction results typically relies on a rigid shape alignment between the estimated 3D model and the ground-truth scan. We observe that aligning two shapes with different reference points can largely affect the evaluation results. This poses difficulties for precisely diagnosing and improving a 3D face reconstruction method. In this paper, we propose a novel evaluation approach with a new benchmark REALY, consists of 100 globally aligned face scans with accurate facial keypoints, high-quality region masks, and topology-consistent meshes. Our approach performs region-wise shape alignment and leads to more accurate, bidirectional correspondences during computing the shape errors. The fine-grained, region-wise evaluation results provide us detailed understandings about the performance of state-of-the-art 3D face reconstruction methods. For example, our experiments on single-image based reconstruction methods reveal that DECA performs the best on nose regions, while GANFit performs better on cheek regions. Besides, a new and high-quality 3DMM basis, HIFI3D++, is further derived using the same procedure as we construct REALY to align and retopologize several 3D face datasets. We will release REALY, HIFI3D++, and our new evaluation pipeline at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://realy3dface.com" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 47.VISTA: Boosting 3D Object Detection via Dual Cross-VIew SpaTial Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09704.pdf)
>  Detecting objects from LiDAR point clouds is of tremendous significance in autonomous driving. In spite of good progress, accurate and reliable 3D detection is yet to be achieved due to the sparsity and irregularity of LiDAR point clouds. Among existing strategies, multi-view methods have shown great promise by leveraging the more comprehensive information from both bird's eye view (BEV) and range view (RV). These multi-view methods either refine the proposals predicted from single view via fused features, or fuse the features without considering the global spatial context; their performance is limited consequently. In this paper, we propose to adaptively fuse multi-view features in a global spatial context via Dual Cross-VIew SpaTial Attention (VISTA). The proposed VISTA is a novel plug-and-play fusion module, wherein the multi-layer perceptron widely adopted in standard attention modules is replaced with a convolutional one. Thanks to the learned attention mechanism, VISTA can produce fused features of high quality for prediction of proposals. We decouple the classification and regression tasks in VISTA, and an additional constraint of attention variance is applied that enables the attention module to focus on specific targets instead of generic points. We conduct thorough experiments on the benchmarks of nuScenes and Waymo; results confirm the efficacy of our designs. At the time of submission, our method achieves 63.0% in overall mAP and 69.8% in NDS on the nuScenes benchmark, outperforming all published methods by up to 24% in safety-crucial categories such as cyclist. The source code in PyTorch is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Gorilla-Lab-SCUT/VISTA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 48.Group Contextualization for Video Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09694.pdf)
>  Learning discriminative representation from the complex spatio-temporal dynamic space is essential for video recognition. On top of those stylized spatio-temporal computational units, further refining the learnt feature with axial contexts is demonstrated to be promising in achieving this goal. However, previous works generally focus on utilizing a single kind of contexts to calibrate entire feature channels and could hardly apply to deal with diverse video activities. The problem can be tackled by using pair-wise spatio-temporal attentions to recompute feature response with cross-axis contexts at the expense of heavy computations. In this paper, we propose an efficient feature refinement method that decomposes the feature channels into several groups and separately refines them with different axial contexts in parallel. We refer this lightweight feature calibration as group contextualization (GC). Specifically, we design a family of efficient element-wise calibrators, i.e., ECal-G/S/T/L, where their axial contexts are information dynamics aggregated from other axes either globally or locally, to contextualize feature channel groups. The GC module can be densely plugged into each residual layer of the off-the-shelf video networks. With little computational overhead, consistent improvement is observed when plugging in GC on different networks. By utilizing calibrators to embed feature with four different kinds of contexts in parallel, the learnt representation is expected to be more resilient to diverse types of activities. On videos with rich temporal variations, empirically GC can boost the performance of 2D-CNN (e.g., TSN and TSM) to a level comparable to the state-of-the-art video networks. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/haoyanbin918/Group-Contextualization" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 49.Facial Geometric Detail Recovery via Implicit Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09692.pdf)
>  Learning a dense 3D model with fine-scale details from a single facial image is highly challenging and ill-posed. To address this problem, many approaches fit smooth geometries through facial prior while learning details as additional displacement maps or personalized basis. However, these techniques typically require vast datasets of paired multi-view data or 3D scans, whereas such datasets are scarce and expensive. To alleviate heavy data dependency, we present a robust texture-guided geometric detail recovery approach using only a single in-the-wild facial image. More specifically, our method combines high-quality texture completion with the powerful expressiveness of implicit surfaces. Initially, we inpaint occluded facial parts, generate complete textures, and build an accurate multi-view dataset of the same subject. In order to estimate the detailed geometry, we define an implicit signed distance function and employ a physically-based implicit renderer to reconstruct fine geometric details from the generated multi-view images. Our method not only recovers accurate facial details but also decomposes normals, albedos, and shading parts in a self-supervised way. Finally, we register the implicit shape details to a 3D Morphable Model template, which can be used in traditional modeling and rendering pipelines. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed approach can reconstruct impressive facial details from a single image, especially when compared with state-of-the-art methods trained on large datasets.      
### 50.Regional Semantic Contrast and Aggregation for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09653.pdf)
>  Learning semantic segmentation from weakly-labeled (e.g., image tags only) data is challenging since it is hard to infer dense object regions from sparse semantic tags. Despite being broadly studied, most current efforts directly learn from limited semantic annotations carried by individual image or image pairs, and struggle to obtain integral localization maps. Our work alleviates this from a novel perspective, by exploring rich semantic contexts synergistically among abundant weakly-labeled training data for network learning and inference. In particular, we propose regional semantic contrast and aggregation (RCA) . RCA is equipped with a regional memory bank to store massive, diverse object patterns appearing in training data, which acts as strong support for exploration of dataset-level semantic structure. Particularly, we propose i) semantic contrast to drive network learning by contrasting massive categorical object regions, leading to a more holistic object pattern understanding, and ii) semantic aggregation to gather diverse relational contexts in the memory to enrich semantic representations. In this manner, RCA earns a strong capability of fine-grained semantic understanding, and eventually establishes new state-of-the-art results on two popular benchmarks, i.e., PASCAL VOC 2012 and COCO 2014.      
### 51.MatchFormer: Interleaving Attention in Transformers for Feature Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09645.pdf)
>  Local feature matching is a computationally intensive task at the subpixel level. While detector-based methods coupled with feature descriptors struggle in low-texture scenes, CNN-based methods with a sequential extract-to-match pipeline, fail to make use of the matching capacity of the encoder and tend to overburden the decoder for matching. In contrast, we propose a novel hierarchical extract-and-match transformer, termed as MatchFormer. Inside each stage of the hierarchical encoder, we interleave self-attention for feature extraction and cross-attention for feature matching, enabling a human-intuitive extract-and-match scheme. Such a match-aware encoder releases the overloaded decoder and makes the model highly efficient. Further, combining self- and cross-attention on multi-scale features in a hierarchical architecture improves matching robustness, particularly in low-texture indoor scenes or with less outdoor training data. Thanks to such a strategy, MatchFormer is a multi-win solution in efficiency, robustness, and precision. Compared to the previous best method in indoor pose estimation, our lite MatchFormer has only 45% GFLOPs, yet achieves a +1.3% precision gain and a 41% running speed boost. The large MatchFormer reaches state-of-the-art on four different benchmarks, including indoor pose estimation (ScanNet), outdoor pose estimation (MegaDepth), homography estimation and image matching (HPatch), and visual localization (InLoc). Code will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jamycheung/MatchFormer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 52.Cascade Transformers for End-to-End Person Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09642.pdf)
>  The goal of person search is to localize a target person from a gallery set of scene images, which is extremely challenging due to large scale variations, pose/viewpoint changes, and occlusions. In this paper, we propose the Cascade Occluded Attention Transformer (COAT) for end-to-end person search. Our three-stage cascade design focuses on detecting people in the first stage, while later stages simultaneously and progressively refine the representation for person detection and re-identification. At each stage the occluded attention transformer applies tighter intersection over union thresholds, forcing the network to learn coarse-to-fine pose/scale invariant features. Meanwhile, we calculate each detection's occluded attention to differentiate a person's tokens from other people or the background. In this way, we simulate the effect of other objects occluding a person of interest at the token-level. Through comprehensive experiments, we demonstrate the benefits of our method by achieving state-of-the-art performance on two benchmark datasets.      
### 53.Unified Line and Paragraph Detection by Graph Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09638.pdf)
>  We formulate the task of detecting lines and paragraphs in a document into a unified two-level clustering problem. Given a set of text detection boxes that roughly correspond to words, a text line is a cluster of boxes and a paragraph is a cluster of lines. These clusters form a two-level tree that represents a major part of the layout of a document. We use a graph convolutional network to predict the relations between text detection boxes and then build both levels of clusters from these predictions. Experimentally, we demonstrate that the unified approach can be highly efficient while still achieving state-of-the-art quality for detecting paragraphs in public benchmarks and real-world images.      
### 54.Delta Distillation for Efficient Video Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09594.pdf)
>  This paper aims to accelerate video stream processing, such as object detection and semantic segmentation, by leveraging the temporal redundancies that exist between video frames. Instead of propagating and warping features using motion alignment, such as optical flow, we propose a novel knowledge distillation schema coined as Delta Distillation. In our proposal, the student learns the variations in the teacher's intermediate features over time. We demonstrate that these temporal variations can be effectively distilled due to the temporal redundancies within video frames. During inference, both teacher and student cooperate for providing predictions: the former by providing initial representations extracted only on the key-frame, and the latter by iteratively estimating and applying deltas for the successive frames. Moreover, we consider various design choices to learn optimal student architectures including an end-to-end learnable architecture search. By extensive experiments on a wide range of architectures, including the most efficient ones, we demonstrate that delta distillation sets a new state of the art in terms of accuracy vs. efficiency trade-off for semantic segmentation and object detection in videos. Finally, we show that, as a by-product, delta distillation improves the temporal consistency of the teacher model.      
### 55.Video-based Formative and Summative Assessment of Surgical Tasks using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09589.pdf)
>  To ensure satisfactory clinical outcomes, surgical skill assessment must be objective, time-efficient, and preferentially automated - none of which is currently achievable. Video-based assessment (VBA) is being deployed in intraoperative and simulation settings to evaluate technical skill execution. However, VBA remains manually- and time-intensive and prone to subjective interpretation and poor inter-rater reliability. Herein, we propose a deep learning (DL) model that can automatically and objectively provide a high-stakes summative assessment of surgical skill execution based on video feeds and low-stakes formative assessment to guide surgical skill acquisition. Formative assessment is generated using heatmaps of visual features that correlate with surgical performance. Hence, the DL model paves the way to the quantitative and reproducible evaluation of surgical tasks from videos with the potential for broad dissemination in surgical training, certification, and credentialing.      
### 56.SepTr: Separable Transformer for Audio Spectrogram Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09581.pdf)
>  Following the successful application of vision transformers in multiple computer vision tasks, these models have drawn the attention of the signal processing community. This is because signals are often represented as spectrograms (e.g. through Discrete Fourier Transform) which can be directly provided as input to vision transformers. However, naively applying transformers to spectrograms is suboptimal. Since the axes represent distinct dimensions, i.e. frequency and time, we argue that a better approach is to separate the attention dedicated to each axis. To this end, we propose the Separable Transformer (SepTr), an architecture that employs two transformer blocks in a sequential manner, the first attending to tokens within the same frequency bin, and the second attending to tokens within the same time interval. We conduct experiments on three benchmark data sets, showing that our separable architecture outperforms conventional vision transformers and other state-of-the-art methods. Unlike standard transformers, SepTr linearly scales the number of trainable parameters with the input size, thus having a lower memory footprint. Our code is available as open source at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ristea/septr" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 57.Surface Defect Detection and Evaluation for Marine Vessels using Multi-Stage Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09580.pdf)
>  Detecting and evaluating surface coating defects is important for marine vessel maintenance. Currently, the assessment is carried out manually by qualified inspectors using international standards and their own experience. Automating the processes is highly challenging because of the high level of variation in vessel type, paint surface, coatings, lighting condition, weather condition, paint colors, areas of the vessel, and time in service. We present a novel deep learning-based pipeline to detect and evaluate the percentage of corrosion, fouling, and delamination on the vessel surface from normal photographs. We propose a multi-stage image processing framework, including ship section segmentation, defect segmentation, and defect classification, to automatically recognize different types of defects and measure the coverage percentage on the ship surface. Experimental results demonstrate that our proposed pipeline can objectively perform a similar assessment as a qualified inspector.      
### 58.CoGS: Controllable Generation and Search from Sketch and Style  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09554.pdf)
>  We present CoGS, a novel method for the style-conditioned, sketch-driven synthesis of images. CoGS enables exploration of diverse appearance possibilities for a given sketched object, enabling decoupled control over the structure and the appearance of the output. Coarse-grained control over object structure and appearance are enabled via an input sketch and an exemplar "style" conditioning image to a transformer-based sketch and style encoder to generate a discrete codebook representation. We map the codebook representation into a metric space, enabling fine-grained control over selection and interpolation between multiple synthesis options for a given image before generating the image via a vector quantized GAN (VQGAN) decoder. Our framework thereby unifies search and synthesis tasks, in that a sketch and style pair may be used to run an initial synthesis which may be refined via combination with similar results in a search corpus to produce an image more closely matching the user's intent. We show that our model, trained on the 125 object classes of our newly created Pseudosketches dataset, is capable of producing a diverse gamut of semantic content and appearance styles.      
### 59.Multi-similarity based Hyperrelation Network for few-shot segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09550.pdf)
>  Few-shot semantic segmentation aims at recognizing the object regions of unseen categories with only a few annotated examples as supervision. The key to few-shot segmentation is to establish a robust semantic relationship between the support and query images and to prevent overfitting. In this paper, we propose an effective Multi-similarity Hyperrelation Network (MSHNet) to tackle the few-shot semantic segmentation problem. In MSHNet, we propose a new Generative Prototype Similarity (GPS), which together with cosine similarity can establish a strong semantic relation between the support and query images. The locally generated prototype similarity based on global feature is logically complementary to the global cosine similarity based on local feature, and the relationship between the query image and the supported image can be expressed more comprehensively by using the two similarities simultaneously. In addition, we propose a Symmetric Merging Block (SMB) in MSHNet to efficiently merge multi-layer, multi-shot and multi-similarity hyperrelational features. MSHNet is built on the basis of similarity rather than specific category features, which can achieve more general unity and effectively reduce overfitting. On two benchmark semantic segmentation datasets Pascal-5i and COCO-20i, MSHNet achieves new state-of-the-art performances on 1-shot and 5-shot semantic segmentation tasks.      
### 60.Human Gait Analysis using Gait Energy Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09549.pdf)
>  Gait recognition is one of the most recent emerging techniques of human biometric which can be used for security based purposes having unobtrusive learning method. In comparison with other bio-metrics gait analysis has some special security features. Most of the biometric technique uses sequential template based component analysis for recognition. Comparing with those methods, we proposed a developed technique for gait identification using the feature Gait Energy Image (GEI). GEI representation of gait contains all information of each image in one gait cycle and requires less storage and low processing speed. As only one image is enough to store the necessary information in GEI feature recognition process is very easier than any other feature for gait recognition. Gait recognition has some limitations in recognition process like viewing angle variation, walking speed, clothes, carrying load etc. Our proposed method in the paper compares the recognition performance with template based feature extraction which needs to process each frame in the cycle. We use GEI which gives relatively all information about all the frames in the cycle and results in better performance than other feature of gait analysis.      
### 61.Lunar Rover Localization Using Craters as Landmarks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.10073.pdf)
>  Onboard localization capabilities for planetary rovers to date have used relative navigation, by integrating combinations of wheel odometry, visual odometry, and inertial measurements during each drive to track position relative to the start of each drive. At the end of each drive, a ground-in-the-loop (GITL) interaction is used to get a position update from human operators in a more global reference frame, by matching images or local maps from onboard the rover to orbital reconnaissance images or maps of a large region around the rover's current position. Autonomous rover drives are limited in distance so that accumulated relative navigation error does not risk the possibility of the rover driving into hazards known from orbital images. However, several rover mission concepts have recently been studied that require much longer drives between GITL cycles, particularly for the Moon. These concepts require greater autonomy to minimize GITL cycles to enable such large range; onboard global localization is a key element of such autonomy. Multiple techniques have been studied in the past for onboard rover global localization, but a satisfactory solution has not yet emerged. For the Moon, the ubiquitous craters offer a new possibility, which involves mapping craters from orbit, then recognizing crater landmarks with cameras and-or a lidar onboard the rover. This approach is applicable everywhere on the Moon, does not require high resolution stereo imaging from orbit as some other approaches do, and has potential to enable position knowledge with order of 5 to 10 m accuracy at all times. This paper describes our technical approach to crater-based lunar rover localization and presents initial results on crater detection using 3D point cloud data from onboard lidar or stereo cameras, as well as using shading cues in monocular onboard imagery.      
### 62.Analyzing EEG Data with Machine and Deep Learning: A Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.10009.pdf)
>  Nowadays, machine and deep learning techniques are widely used in different areas, ranging from economics to biology. In general, these techniques can be used in two ways: trying to adapt well-known models and architectures to the available data, or designing custom architectures. In both cases, to speed up the research process, it is useful to know which type of models work best for a specific problem and/or data type. By focusing on EEG signal analysis, and for the first time in literature, in this paper a benchmark of machine and deep learning for EEG signal classification is proposed. For our experiments we used the four most widespread models, i.e., multilayer perceptron, convolutional neural network, long short-term memory, and gated recurrent unit, highlighting which one can be a good starting point for developing EEG classification models.      
### 63.Ultra-low Latency Spiking Neural Networks with Spatio-Temporal Compression and Synaptic Convolutional Block  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.10006.pdf)
>  Spiking neural networks (SNNs), as one of the brain-inspired models, has spatio-temporal information processing capability, low power feature, and high biological plausibility. The effective spatio-temporal feature makes it suitable for event streams classification. However, neuromorphic datasets, such as N-MNIST, CIFAR10-DVS, DVS128-gesture, need to aggregate individual events into frames with a new higher temporal resolution for event stream classification, which causes high training and inference latency. In this work, we proposed a spatio-temporal compression method to aggregate individual events into a few time steps of synaptic current to reduce the training and inference latency. To keep the accuracy of SNNs under high compression ratios, we also proposed a synaptic convolutional block to balance the dramatic change between adjacent time steps. And multi-threshold Leaky Integrate-and-Fire (LIF) with learnable membrane time constant is introduced to increase its information processing capability. We evaluate the proposed method for event streams classification tasks on neuromorphic N-MNIST, CIFAR10-DVS, DVS128 gesture datasets. The experiment results show that our proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art accuracy on nearly all datasets, using fewer time steps.      
### 64.SynthStrip: Skull-Stripping for Any Brain Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09974.pdf)
>  The removal of non-brain signal from magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) data, known as skull-stripping, is an integral component of many neuroimage analysis streams. Despite their abundance, popular classical skull-stripping methods are usually tailored to images with specific acquisition properties, namely near-isotropic resolution and T1-weighted (T1w) MRI contrast, which are prevalent in research settings. As a result, existing tools tend to adapt poorly to other image types, such as stacks of thick slices acquired with fast spin-echo (FSE) MRI that are common in the clinic. While learning-based approaches for brain extraction have gained traction in recent years, these methods face a similar burden, as they are only effective for image types seen during the training procedure. To achieve robust skull-stripping across a landscape of protocols, we introduce SynthStrip, a rapid, learning-based brain-extraction tool. By leveraging anatomical segmentations to generate an entirely synthetic training dataset with anatomies, intensity distributions, and artifacts that far exceed the realistic range of medical images, SynthStrip learns to successfully generalize to a variety of real acquired brain images, removing the need for training data with target contrasts. We demonstrate the efficacy of SynthStrip for a diverse set of image acquisitions and resolutions across subject populations, ranging from newborn to adult. We show substantial improvements in accuracy over popular skull-stripping baselines - all with a single trained model. Our method and labeled evaluation data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://w3id.org/synthstrip" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 65.Pseudo Bias-Balanced Learning for Debiased Chest X-ray Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09860.pdf)
>  Deep learning models were frequently reported to learn from shortcuts like dataset biases. As deep learning is playing an increasingly important role in the modern healthcare system, it is of great need to combat shortcut learning in medical data as well as develop unbiased and trustworthy models. In this paper, we study the problem of developing debiased chest X-ray diagnosis models from the biased training data without knowing exactly the bias labels. We start with the observations that the imbalance of bias distribution is one of the key reasons causing shortcut learning, and the dataset biases are preferred by the model if they were easier to be learned than the intended features. Based on these observations, we propose a novel algorithm, pseudo bias-balanced learning, which first captures and predicts per-sample bias labels via generalized cross entropy loss and then trains a debiased model using pseudo bias labels and bias-balanced softmax function. To our best knowledge, we are pioneered in tackling dataset biases in medical images without explicit labeling on the bias attributes. We constructed several chest X-ray datasets with various dataset bias situations and demonstrated with extensive experiments that our proposed method achieved consistent improvements over other state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 66.Grasp Pre-shape Selection by Synthetic Training: Eye-in-hand Shared Control on the Hannes Prosthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09812.pdf)
>  We consider the task of object grasping with a prosthetic hand capable of multiple grasp types. In this setting, communicating the intended grasp type often requires a high user cognitive load which can be reduced adopting shared autonomy frameworks. Among these, so-called eye-in-hand systems automatically control the hand aperture and pre-shaping before the grasp, based on visual input coming from a camera on the wrist. In this work, we present an eye-in-hand learning-based approach for hand pre-shape classification from RGB sequences. In order to reduce the need for tedious data collection sessions for training the system, we devise a pipeline for rendering synthetic visual sequences of hand trajectories for the purpose. We tackle the peculiarity of the eye-in-hand setting by means of a model for the human arm trajectories, with domain randomization over relevant visual elements. We develop a sensorized setup to acquire real human grasping sequences for benchmarking and show that, compared on practical use cases, models trained with our synthetic dataset achieve better generalization performance than models trained on real data. We finally integrate our model on the Hannes prosthetic hand and show its practical effectiveness. Our code, real and synthetic datasets will be released upon acceptance.      
### 67.Robot peels banana with goal-conditioned dual-action deep imitation learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09749.pdf)
>  A long-horizon dexterous robot manipulation task of deformable objects, such as banana peeling, is problematic because of difficulties in object modeling and a lack of knowledge about stable and dexterous manipulation skills. This paper presents a goal-conditioned dual-action deep imitation learning (DIL) which can learn dexterous manipulation skills using human demonstration data. Previous DIL methods map the current sensory input and reactive action, which easily fails because of compounding errors in imitation learning caused by recurrent computation of actions. The proposed method predicts reactive action when the precise manipulation of the target object is required (local action) and generates the entire trajectory when the precise manipulation is not required. This dual-action formulation effectively prevents compounding error with the trajectory-based global action while respond to unexpected changes in the target object with the reactive local action. Furthermore, in this formulation, both global/local actions are conditioned by a goal state which is defined as the last step of each subtask, for robust policy prediction. The proposed method was tested in the real dual-arm robot and successfully accomplished the banana peeling task.      
### 68.Rethinking the optimization process for self-supervised model-driven MRI reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09724.pdf)
>  Recovering high-quality images from undersampled measurements is critical for accelerated MRI reconstruction. Recently, various supervised deep learning-based MRI reconstruction methods have been developed. Despite the achieved promising performances, these methods require fully sampled reference data, the acquisition of which is resource-intensive and time-consuming. Self-supervised learning has emerged as a promising solution to alleviate the reliance on fully sampled datasets. However, existing self-supervised methods suffer from reconstruction errors due to the insufficient constraint enforced on the non-sampled data points and the error accumulation happened alongside the iterative image reconstruction process for model-driven deep learning reconstrutions. To address these challenges, we propose K2Calibrate, a K-space adaptation strategy for self-supervised model-driven MR reconstruction optimization. By iteratively calibrating the learned measurements, K2Calibrate can reduce the network's reconstruction deterioration caused by statistically dependent noise. Extensive experiments have been conducted on the open-source dataset FastMRI, and K2Calibrate achieves better results than five state-of-the-art methods. The proposed K2Calibrate is plug-and-play and can be easily integrated with different model-driven deep learning reconstruction methods.      
### 69.Deterministic Bridge Regression for Compressive Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09721.pdf)
>  Pattern classification with compact representation is an important component in machine intelligence. In this work, an analytic bridge solution is proposed for compressive classification. The proposal has been based upon solving a penalized error formulation utilizing an approximated $\ell_p$-norm. The solution comes in a primal form for over-determined systems and in a dual form for under-determined systems. While the primal form is suitable for problems of low dimension with large data samples, the dual form is suitable for problems of high dimension but with a small number of data samples. The solution has also been extended for problems with multiple classification outputs. Numerical studies based on simulated and real-world data validated the effectiveness of the proposed solution.      
### 70.Modeling Intensification for Sign Language Generation: A Computational Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09679.pdf)
>  End-to-end sign language generation models do not accurately represent the prosody in sign language. A lack of temporal and spatial variations leads to poor-quality generated presentations that confuse human interpreters. In this paper, we aim to improve the prosody in generated sign languages by modeling intensification in a data-driven manner. We present different strategies grounded in linguistics of sign language that inform how intensity modifiers can be represented in gloss annotations. To employ our strategies, we first annotate a subset of the benchmark PHOENIX-14T, a German Sign Language dataset, with different levels of intensification. We then use a supervised intensity tagger to extend the annotated dataset and obtain labels for the remaining portion of it. This enhanced dataset is then used to train state-of-the-art transformer models for sign language generation. We find that our efforts in intensification modeling yield better results when evaluated with automatic metrics. Human evaluation also indicates a higher preference of the videos generated using our model.      
### 71.A workflow for segmenting soil and plant X-ray CT images with deep learning in Googles Colaboratory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.09674.pdf)
>  X-ray micro-computed tomography (X-ray microCT) has enabled the characterization of the properties and processes that take place in plants and soils at the micron scale. Despite the widespread use of this advanced technique, major limitations in both hardware and software limit the speed and accuracy of image processing and data analysis. Recent advances in machine learning, specifically the application of convolutional neural networks to image analysis, have enabled rapid and accurate segmentation of image data. Yet, challenges remain in applying convolutional neural networks to the analysis of environmentally and agriculturally relevant images. Specifically, there is a disconnect between the computer scientists and engineers, who build these AI/ML tools, and the potential end users in agricultural research, who may be unsure of how to apply these tools in their work. Additionally, the computing resources required for training and applying deep learning models are unique, more common to computer gaming systems or graphics design work, than to traditional computational systems. To navigate these challenges, we developed a modular workflow for applying convolutional neural networks to X-ray microCT images, using low-cost resources in Googles Colaboratory web application. Here we present the results of the workflow, illustrating how parameters can be optimized to achieve best results using example scans from walnut leaves, almond flower buds, and a soil aggregate. We expect that this framework will accelerate the adoption and use of emerging deep learning techniques within the plant and soil sciences.      
