# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 1 Mar 2022
### 1.Attribute Descent: Simulating Object-Centric Datasets on the Content Level and Beyond  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.14034.pdf)
>  This article aims to use graphic engines to simulate a large number of training data that have free annotations and possibly strongly resemble to real-world data. Between synthetic and real, a two-level domain gap exists, involving content level and appearance level. While the latter is concerned with appearance style, the former problem arises from a different mechanism, i.e., content mismatch in attributes such as camera viewpoint, object placement and lighting conditions. In contrast to the widely-studied appearance-level gap, the content-level discrepancy has not been broadly studied. To address the content-level misalignment, we propose an attribute descent approach that automatically optimizes engine attributes to enable synthetic data to approximate real-world data. We verify our method on object-centric tasks, wherein an object takes up a major portion of an image. In these tasks, the search space is relatively small, and the optimization of each attribute yields sufficiently obvious supervision signals. We collect a new synthetic asset VehicleX, and reformat and reuse existing the synthetic assets ObjectX and PersonX. Extensive experiments on image classification and object re-identification confirm that adapted synthetic data can be effectively used in three scenarios: training with synthetic data only, training data augmentation and numerically understanding dataset content.      
### 2.Learning Semantic Segmentation from Multiple Datasets with Label Shifts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.14030.pdf)
>  With increasing applications of semantic segmentation, numerous datasets have been proposed in the past few years. Yet labeling remains expensive, thus, it is desirable to jointly train models across aggregations of datasets to enhance data volume and diversity. However, label spaces differ across datasets and may even be in conflict with one another. This paper proposes UniSeg, an effective approach to automatically train models across multiple datasets with differing label spaces, without any manual relabeling efforts. Specifically, we propose two losses that account for conflicting and co-occurring labels to achieve better generalization performance in unseen domains. First, a gradient conflict in training due to mismatched label spaces is identified and a class-independent binary cross-entropy loss is proposed to alleviate such label conflicts. Second, a loss function that considers class-relationships across datasets is proposed for a better multi-dataset training scheme. Extensive quantitative and qualitative analyses on road-scene datasets show that UniSeg improves over multi-dataset baselines, especially on unseen datasets, e.g., achieving more than 8% gain in IoU on KITTI averaged over all the settings.      
### 3.State-of-the-Art in the Architecture, Methods and Applications of StyleGAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.14020.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have established themselves as a prevalent approach to image synthesis. Of these, StyleGAN offers a fascinating case study, owing to its remarkable visual quality and an ability to support a large array of downstream tasks. This state-of-the-art report covers the StyleGAN architecture, and the ways it has been employed since its conception, while also analyzing its severe limitations. It aims to be of use for both newcomers, who wish to get a grasp of the field, and for more experienced readers that might benefit from seeing current research trends and existing tools laid out. Among StyleGAN's most interesting aspects is its learned latent space. Despite being learned with no supervision, it is surprisingly well-behaved and remarkably disentangled. Combined with StyleGAN's visual quality, these properties gave rise to unparalleled editing capabilities. However, the control offered by StyleGAN is inherently limited to the generator's learned distribution, and can only be applied to images generated by StyleGAN itself. Seeking to bring StyleGAN's latent control to real-world scenarios, the study of GAN inversion and latent space embedding has quickly gained in popularity. Meanwhile, this same study has helped shed light on the inner workings and limitations of StyleGAN. We map out StyleGAN's impressive story through these investigations, and discuss the details that have made StyleGAN the go-to generator. We further elaborate on the visual priors StyleGAN constructs, and discuss their use in downstream discriminative tasks. Looking forward, we point out StyleGAN's limitations and speculate on current trends and promising directions for future research, such as task and target specific fine-tuning.      
### 4.Domain Knowledge-Informed Self-Supervised Representations for Workout Form Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.14019.pdf)
>  Maintaining proper form while exercising is important for preventing injuries and maximizing muscle mass gains. While fitness apps are becoming popular, they lack the functionality to detect errors in workout form. Detecting such errors naturally requires estimating users' body pose. However, off-the-shelf pose estimators struggle to perform well on the videos recorded in gym scenarios due to factors such as camera angles, occlusion from gym equipment, illumination, and clothing. To aggravate the problem, the errors to be detected in the workouts are very subtle. To that end, we propose to learn exercise-specific representations from unlabeled samples such that a small dataset annotated by experts suffices for supervised error detection. In particular, our domain knowledge-informed self-supervised approaches exploit the harmonic motion of the exercise actions, and capitalize on the large variances in camera angles, clothes, and illumination to learn powerful representations. To facilitate our self-supervised pretraining, and supervised finetuning, we curated a new exercise dataset, Fitness-AQA, comprising of three exercises: BackSquat, BarbellRow, and OverheadPress. It has been annotated by expert trainers for multiple crucial and typically occurring exercise errors. Experimental results show that our self-supervised representations outperform off-the-shelf 2D- and 3D-pose estimators and several other baselines.      
### 5.Deep, Deep Learning with BART  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.14005.pdf)
>  Purpose: To develop a deep-learning-based image reconstruction framework for reproducible research in MRI. <br>Methods: The BART toolbox offers a rich set of implementations of calibration and reconstruction algorithms for parallel imaging and compressed sensing. In this work, BART was extended by a non-linear operator framework that provides automatic differentiation to allow computation of gradients. Existing MRI-specific operators of BART, such as the non-uniform fast Fourier transform, are directly integrated into this framework and are complemented by common building blocks used in neural networks. To evaluate the use of the framework for advanced deep-learning-based reconstruction, two state-of-the-art unrolled reconstruction networks, namely the Variational Network [1] and MoDL [2], were implemented. <br>Results: State-of-the-art deep image-reconstruction networks can be constructed and trained using BART's gradient based optimization algorithms. The BART implementation achieves a similar performance in terms of training time and reconstruction quality compared to the original implementations based on TensorFlow. <br>Conclusion: By integrating non-linear operators and neural networks into BART, we provide a general framework for deep-learning-based reconstruction in MRI.      
### 6."If you could see me through my eyes": Predicting Pedestrian Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13981.pdf)
>  Pedestrians are particularly vulnerable road users in urban traffic. With the arrival of autonomous driving, novel technologies can be developed specifically to protect pedestrians. We propose a~machine learning toolchain to train artificial neural networks as models of pedestrian behavior. In a~preliminary study, we use synthetic data from simulations of a~specific pedestrian crossing scenario to train a~variational autoencoder and a~long short-term memory network to predict a~pedestrian's future visual perception. We can accurately predict a~pedestrian's future perceptions within relevant time horizons. By iteratively feeding these predicted frames into these networks, they can be used as simulations of pedestrians as indicated by our results. Such trained networks can later be used to predict pedestrian behaviors even from the perspective of the autonomous car. Another future extension will be to re-train these networks with real-world video data.      
### 7.Defect detection and segmentation in X-Ray images of magnesium alloy castings using the Detectron2 framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13945.pdf)
>  New production techniques have emerged that have made it possible to produce metal parts with more complex shapes, making the quality control process more difficult. This implies that the visual and superficial analysis has become even more inefficient. On top of that, it is also not possible to detect internal defects that these parts could have. The use of X-Ray images has made this process much easier, allowing not only to detect superficial defects in a much simpler way, but also to detect welding or casting defects that could represent a serious hazard for the physical integrity of the metal parts. On the other hand, the use of an automatic segmentation approach for detecting defects would help diminish the dependence of defect detection on the subjectivity of the factory operators and their time dependence variability. The aim of this paper is to apply a deep learning system based on Detectron2, a state-of-the-art library applied to object detection and segmentation in images, for the identification and segmentation of these defects on X-Ray images obtained mainly from automotive parts      
### 8.Background Mixup Data Augmentation for Hand and Object-in-Contact Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13941.pdf)
>  Detecting the positions of human hands and objects-in-contact (hand-object detection) in each video frame is vital for understanding human activities from videos. For training an object detector, a method called Mixup, which overlays two training images to mitigate data bias, has been empirically shown to be effective for data augmentation. However, in hand-object detection, mixing two hand-manipulation images produces unintended biases, e.g., the concentration of hands and objects in a specific region degrades the ability of the hand-object detector to identify object boundaries. We propose a data-augmentation method called Background Mixup that leverages data-mixing regularization while reducing the unintended effects in hand-object detection. Instead of mixing two images where a hand and an object in contact appear, we mix a target training image with background images without hands and objects-in-contact extracted from external image sources, and use the mixed images for training the detector. Our experiments demonstrated that the proposed method can effectively reduce false positives and improve the performance of hand-object detection in both supervised and semi-supervised learning settings.      
### 9.ReCasNet: Improving consistency within the two-stage mitosis detection framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13912.pdf)
>  Mitotic count (MC) is an important histological parameter for cancer diagnosis and grading, but the manual process for obtaining MC from whole-slide histopathological images is very time-consuming and prone to error. Therefore, deep learning models have been proposed to facilitate this process. Existing approaches utilize a two-stage pipeline: the detection stage for identifying the locations of potential mitotic cells and the classification stage for refining prediction confidences. However, this pipeline formulation can lead to inconsistencies in the classification stage due to the poor prediction quality of the detection stage and the mismatches in training data distributions between the two stages. In this study, we propose a Refine Cascade Network (ReCasNet), an enhanced deep learning pipeline that mitigates the aforementioned problems with three improvements. First, window relocation was used to reduce the number of poor quality false positives generated during the detection stage. Second, object re-cropping was performed with another deep learning model to adjust poorly centered objects. Third, improved data selection strategies were introduced during the classification stage to reduce the mismatches in training data distributions. ReCasNet was evaluated on two large-scale mitotic figure recognition datasets, canine cutaneous mast cell tumor (CCMCT) and canine mammary carcinoma (CMC), which resulted in up to 4.8% percentage point improvements in the F1 scores for mitotic cell detection and 44.1% reductions in mean absolute percentage error (MAPE) for MC prediction. Techniques that underlie ReCasNet can be generalized to other two-stage object detection networks and should contribute to improving the performances of deep learning models in broad digital pathology applications.      
### 10.A Novel Viewport-Adaptive Motion Compensation Technique for Fisheye Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13892.pdf)
>  Although fisheye cameras are in high demand in many application areas due to their large field of view, many image and video signal processing tasks such as motion compensation suffer from the introduced strong radial distortions. A recently proposed projection-based approach takes the fisheye projection into account to improve fisheye motion compensation. However, the approach does not consider the large field of view of fisheye lenses that requires the consideration of different motion planes in 3D space. We propose a novel viewport-adaptive motion compensation technique that applies the motion vectors in different perspective viewports in order to realize these motion planes. Thereby, some pixels are mapped to so-called virtual image planes and require special treatment to obtain reliable mappings between the perspective viewports and the original fisheye image. While the state-of-the-art ultra wide-angle compensation is sufficiently accurate, we propose a virtual image plane compensation that leads to perfect mappings. All in all, we achieve average gains of +2.40 dB in terms of PSNR compared to the state of the art in fisheye motion compensation.      
### 11.EdgeMixup: Improving Fairness for Skin Disease Classification and Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13883.pdf)
>  Skin lesions can be an early indicator of a wide range of infectious and other diseases. The use of deep learning (DL) models to diagnose skin lesions has great potential in assisting clinicians with prescreening patients. However, these models often learn biases inherent in training data, which can lead to a performance gap in the diagnosis of people with light and/or dark skin tones. To the best of our knowledge, limited work has been done on identifying, let alone reducing, model bias in skin disease classification and segmentation. In this paper, we examine DL fairness and demonstrate the existence of bias in classification and segmentation models for subpopulations with darker skin tones compared to individuals with lighter skin tones, for specific diseases including Lyme, Tinea Corporis and Herpes Zoster. Then, we propose a novel preprocessing, data alteration method, called EdgeMixup, to improve model fairness with a linear combination of an input skin lesion image and a corresponding a predicted edge detection mask combined with color saturation alteration. For the task of skin disease classification, EdgeMixup outperforms much more complex competing methods such as adversarial approaches, achieving a 10.99% reduction in accuracy gap between light and dark skin tone samples, and resulting in 8.4% improved performance for an underrepresented subpopulation.      
### 12.A new face database simultaneously acquired in visible, near infrared and thermal spectrum  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13864.pdf)
>  In this paper we present a new database acquired with three different sensors (visible, near infrared and thermal) under different illumination conditions. This database consists of 41 people acquired in four different acquisition sessions, five images per session and three different illumination conditions. The total amount of pictures is 7.380 pictures. Experimental results are obtained through single sensor experiments as well as the combination of two and three sensors under different illumination conditions (natural, infrared and artificial illumination). We have found that the three spectral bands studied contribute in a nearly equal proportion to a combined system. Experimental results show a significant improvement combining the three spectrums, even when using a simple classifier and feature extractor. In six of the nine scenarios studied we obtained identification rates higher or equal to 98%, when using a trained combination rule, and two cases of nine when using a fixed rule.      
### 13.Variable Rate Compression for Raw 3D Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13862.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel variable rate deep compression architecture that operates on raw 3D point cloud data. The majority of learning-based point cloud compression methods work on a downsampled representation of the data. Moreover, many existing techniques require training multiple networks for different compression rates to generate consolidated point clouds of varying quality. In contrast, our network is capable of explicitly processing point clouds and generating a compressed description at a comprehensive range of bitrates. Furthermore, our approach ensures that there is no loss of information as a result of the voxelization process and the density of the point cloud does not affect the encoder/decoder performance. An extensive experimental evaluation shows that our model obtains state-of-the-art results, it is computationally efficient, and it can work directly with point cloud data thus avoiding an expensive voxelized representation.      
### 14.Large-Scale 3D Semantic Reconstruction for Automated Driving Vehicles with Adaptive Truncated Signed Distance Function  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13855.pdf)
>  The Large-scale 3D reconstruction, texturing and semantic mapping are nowadays widely used for automated driving vehicles, virtual reality and automatic data generation. However, most approaches are developed for RGB-D cameras with colored dense point clouds and not suitable for large-scale outdoor environments using sparse LiDAR point clouds. Since a 3D surface can be usually observed from multiple camera images with different view poses, an optimal image patch selection for the texturing and an optimal semantic class estimation for the semantic mapping are still challenging. <br>To address these problems, we propose a novel 3D reconstruction, texturing and semantic mapping system using LiDAR and camera sensors. An Adaptive Truncated Signed Distance Function is introduced to describe surfaces implicitly, which can deal with different LiDAR point sparsities and improve model quality. The from this implicit function extracted triangle mesh map is then textured from a series of registered camera images by applying an optimal image patch selection strategy. Besides that, a Markov Random Field-based data fusion approach is proposed to estimate the optimal semantic class for each triangle mesh. Our approach is evaluated on a synthetic dataset, the KITTI dataset and a dataset recorded with our experimental vehicle. The results show that the 3D models generated using our approach are more accurate in comparison to using other state-of-the-art approaches. The texturing and semantic mapping achieve also very promising results.      
### 15.TEScalib: Targetless Extrinsic Self-Calibration of LiDAR and Stereo Camera for Automated Driving Vehicles with Uncertainty Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13847.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present TEScalib, a novel extrinsic self-calibration approach of LiDAR and stereo camera using the geometric and photometric information of surrounding environments without any calibration targets for automated driving vehicles. Since LiDAR and stereo camera are widely used for sensor data fusion on automated driving vehicles, their extrinsic calibration is highly important. However, most of the LiDAR and stereo camera calibration approaches are mainly target-based and therefore time consuming. Even the newly developed targetless approaches in last years are either inaccurate or unsuitable for driving platforms. <br>To address those problems, we introduce TEScalib. By applying a 3D mesh reconstruction-based point cloud registration, the geometric information is used to estimate the LiDAR to stereo camera extrinsic parameters accurately and robustly. To calibrate the stereo camera, a photometric error function is builded and the LiDAR depth is involved to transform key points from one camera to another. During driving, these two parts are processed iteratively. Besides that, we also propose an uncertainty analysis for reflecting the reliability of the estimated extrinsic parameters. Our TEScalib approach evaluated on the KITTI dataset achieves very promising results.      
### 16.Deepfake Network Architecture Attribution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13843.pdf)
>  With the rapid progress of generation technology, it has become necessary to attribute the origin of fake images. Existing works on fake image attribution perform multi-class classification on several Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) models and obtain high accuracies. While encouraging, these works are restricted to model-level attribution, only capable of handling images generated by seen models with a specific seed, loss and dataset, which is limited in real-world scenarios when fake images may be generated by privately trained models. This motivates us to ask whether it is possible to attribute fake images to the source models' architectures even if they are finetuned or retrained under different configurations. In this work, we present the first study on \textit{Deepfake Network Architecture Attribution} to attribute fake images on architecture-level. Based on an observation that GAN architecture is likely to leave globally consistent fingerprints while traces left by model weights vary in different regions, we provide a simple yet effective solution named DNA-Det for this problem. Extensive experiments on multiple cross-test setups and a large-scale dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of DNA-Det.      
### 17.Fuse Local and Global Semantics in Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13837.pdf)
>  We propose Fuse Local and Global Semantics in Representation Learning (FLAGS) to generate richer representations. FLAGS aims at extract both global and local semantics from images to benefit various downstream tasks. It shows promising results under common linear evaluation protocol. We also conduct detection and segmentation on PASCAL VOC and COCO to show the representations extracted by FLAGS are transferable.      
### 18.DropIT: Dropping Intermediate Tensors for Memory-Efficient DNN Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13808.pdf)
>  A standard hardware bottleneck when training deep neural networks is GPU memory. The bulk of memory is occupied by caching intermediate tensors for gradient computation in the backward pass. We propose a novel method to reduce this footprint by selecting and caching part of intermediate tensors for gradient computation. Our Intermediate Tensor Drop method (DropIT) adaptively drops components of the intermediate tensors and recovers sparsified tensors from the remaining elements in the backward pass to compute the gradient. Experiments show that we can drop up to 90% of the elements of the intermediate tensors in convolutional and fully-connected layers, saving 20% GPU memory during training while achieving higher test accuracy for standard backbones such as ResNet and Vision Transformer. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ChenJoya/dropit" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.OUR-GAN: One-shot Ultra-high-Resolution Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13799.pdf)
>  We propose OUR-GAN, the first one-shot ultra-high-resolution (UHR) image synthesis framework that generates non-repetitive images with 4K or higher resolution from a single training image. OUR-GAN generates a visually coherent image at low resolution and then gradually increases the resolution by super-resolution. Since OUR-GAN learns from a real UHR image, it can synthesize large-scale shapes with fine details while maintaining long-range coherence, which is difficult with conventional generative models that generate large images based on the patch distribution learned from relatively small images. OUR-GAN applies seamless subregion-wise super-resolution that synthesizes 4k or higher UHR images with limited memory, preventing discontinuity at the boundary. Additionally, OUR-GAN improves visual coherence maintaining diversity by adding vertical positional embeddings to the feature maps. In experiments on the ST4K and RAISE datasets, OUR-GAN exhibited improved fidelity, visual coherency, and diversity compared with existing methods. The synthesized images are presented at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://anonymous-62348.github.io" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 20.ANTLER: Bayesian Nonlinear Tensor Learning and Modeler for Unstructured, Varying-Size Point Cloud Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13788.pdf)
>  Unstructured point clouds with varying sizes are increasingly acquired in a variety of environments through laser triangulation or Light Detection and Ranging (LiDAR). Predicting a scalar response based on unstructured point clouds is a common problem that arises in a wide variety of applications. The current literature relies on several pre-processing steps such as structured subsampling and feature extraction to analyze the point cloud data. Those techniques lead to quantization artifacts and do not consider the relationship between the regression response and the point cloud during pre-processing. Therefore, we propose a general and holistic "Bayesian Nonlinear Tensor Learning and Modeler" (ANTLER) to model the relationship of unstructured, varying-size point cloud data with a scalar or multivariate response. The proposed ANTLER simultaneously optimizes a nonlinear tensor dimensionality reduction and a nonlinear regression model with a 3D point cloud input and a scalar or multivariate response. ANTLER has the ability to consider the complex data representation, high-dimensionality,and inconsistent size of the 3D point cloud data.      
### 21.Towards Unsupervised Domain Adaptation via Domain-Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13777.pdf)
>  As a vital problem in pattern analysis and machine intelligence, Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) studies how to transfer an effective feature learner from a labeled source domain to an unlabeled target domain. Plenty of methods based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have achieved promising results in the past decades. Inspired by the success of Transformers, some methods attempt to tackle UDA problem by adopting pure transformer architectures, and interpret the models by applying the long-range dependency strategy at image patch-level. However, the algorithmic complexity is high and the interpretability seems weak. In this paper, we propose the Domain-Transformer (DoT) for UDA, which integrates the CNN-backbones and the core attention mechanism of Transformers from a new perspective. Specifically, a plug-and-play domain-level attention mechanism is proposed to learn the sample correspondence between domains. This is significantly different from existing methods which only capture the local interactions among image patches. Instead of explicitly modeling the distribution discrepancy from either domain-level or class-level, DoT learns transferable features by achieving the local semantic consistency across domains, where the domain-level attention and manifold regularization are explored. Then, DoT is free of pseudo-labels and explicit domain discrepancy optimization. Theoretically, DoT is connected with the optimal transportation algorithm and statistical learning theory. The connection provides a new insight to understand the core component of Transformers. Extensive experiments on several benchmark datasets validate the effectiveness of DoT.      
### 22.Towards Robust Stacked Capsule Autoencoder with Hybrid Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13755.pdf)
>  Capsule networks (CapsNets) are new neural networks that classify images based on the spatial relationships of features. By analyzing the pose of features and their relative positions, it is more capable to recognize images after affine transformation. The stacked capsule autoencoder (SCAE) is a state-of-the-art CapsNet, and achieved unsupervised classification of CapsNets for the first time. However, the security vulnerabilities and the robustness of the SCAE has rarely been explored. In this paper, we propose an evasion attack against SCAE, where the attacker can generate adversarial perturbations based on reducing the contribution of the object capsules in SCAE related to the original category of the image. The adversarial perturbations are then applied to the original images, and the perturbed images will be misclassified. Furthermore, we propose a defense method called Hybrid Adversarial Training (HAT) against such evasion attacks. HAT makes use of adversarial training and adversarial distillation to achieve better robustness and stability. We evaluate the defense method and the experimental results show that the refined SCAE model can achieve 82.14% classification accuracy under evasion attack. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/FrostbiteXSW/SCAE_Defense" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.TC-Net: Triple Context Network for Automated Stroke Lesion Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13687.pdf)
>  Accurate lesion segmentation plays a key role in the clinical mapping of stroke. Convolutional neural network (CNN) approaches based on U-shaped structures have achieved remarkable performance in this task. However, the single-stage encoder-decoder unresolvable the inter-class similarity due to the inadequate utilization of contextual information, such as lesion-tissue similarity. In addition, most approaches use fine-grained spatial attention to capture spatial context information, yet fail to generate accurate attention maps in encoding stage and lack effective regularization. In this work, we propose a new network, Triple Context Network (TC-Net), with the capture of spatial contextual information as the core. We firstly design a coarse-grained patch attention module to generate patch-level attention maps in the encoding stage to distinguish targets from patches and learn target-specific detail features. Then, to enrich the representation of boundary information of these features, a cross-feature fusion module with global contextual information is explored to guide the selective aggregation of 2D and 3D feature maps, which compensates for the lack of boundary learning capability of 2D convolution. Finally, we use multi-scale deconvolution instead of linear interpolation to enhance the recovery of target space and boundary information in the decoding stage. Our network is evaluated on the open dataset ATLAS, achieving the highest DSC score of 0.594, Hausdorff distance of 27.005 mm, and average symmetry surface distance of 7.137 mm, where our proposed method outperforms other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 24.FedDrive: Generalizing Federated Learning to Semantic Segmentation in Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13670.pdf)
>  Semantic Segmentation is essential to make self-driving vehicles autonomous, enabling them to understand their surroundings by assigning individual pixels to known categories. However, it operates on sensible data collected from the users' cars; thus, protecting the clients' privacy becomes a primary concern. For similar reasons, Federated Learning has been recently introduced as a new machine learning paradigm aiming to learn a global model while preserving privacy and leveraging data on millions of remote devices. Despite several efforts on this topic, no work has explicitly addressed the challenges of federated learning in semantic segmentation for driving so far. To fill this gap, we propose FedDrive, a new benchmark consisting of three settings and two datasets, incorporating the real-world challenges of statistical heterogeneity and domain generalization. We benchmark state-of-the-art algorithms from the federated learning literature through an in-depth analysis, combining them with style transfer methods to improve their generalization ability. We demonstrate that correctly handling normalization statistics is crucial to deal with the aforementioned challenges. Furthermore, style transfer improves performance when dealing with significant appearance shifts. We plan to make both the code and the benchmark publicly available to the research community.      
### 25.Neural Adaptive SCEne Tracing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13664.pdf)
>  Neural rendering with implicit neural networks has recently emerged as an attractive proposition for scene reconstruction, achieving excellent quality albeit at high computational cost. While the most recent generation of such methods has made progress on the rendering (inference) times, very little progress has been made on improving the reconstruction (training) times. In this work, we present Neural Adaptive Scene Tracing (NAScenT), the first neural rendering method based on directly training a hybrid explicit-implicit neural representation. NAScenT uses a hierarchical octree representation with one neural network per leaf node and combines this representation with a two-stage sampling process that concentrates ray samples where they matter most near object surfaces. As a result, NAScenT is capable of reconstructing challenging scenes including both large, sparsely populated volumes like UAV captured outdoor environments, as well as small scenes with high geometric complexity. NAScenT outperforms existing neural rendering approaches in terms of both quality and training time.      
### 26.Bina-Rep Event Frames: a Simple and Effective Representation for Event-based cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13662.pdf)
>  This paper presents "Bina-Rep", a simple representation method that converts asynchronous streams of events from event cameras to a sequence of sparse and expressive event frames. By representing multiple binary event images as a single frame of $N$-bit numbers, our method is able to obtain sparser and more expressive event frames thanks to the retained information about event orders in the original stream. Coupled with our proposed model based on a convolutional neural network, the reported results achieve state-of-the-art performance and repeatedly outperforms other common event representation methods. Our approach also shows competitive robustness against common image corruptions, compared to other representation techniques.      
### 27.FusionCount: Efficient Crowd Counting via Multiscale Feature Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13660.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art crowd counting models follow an encoder-decoder approach. Images are first processed by the encoder to extract features. Then, to account for perspective distortion, the highest-level feature map is fed to extra components to extract multiscale features, which are the input to the decoder to generate crowd densities. However, in these methods, features extracted at earlier stages during encoding are underutilised, and the multiscale modules can only capture a limited range of receptive fields, albeit with considerable computational cost. This paper proposes a novel crowd counting architecture (FusionCount), which exploits the adaptive fusion of a large majority of encoded features instead of relying on additional extraction components to obtain multiscale features. Thus, it can cover a more extensive scope of receptive field sizes and lower the computational cost. We also introduce a new channel reduction block, which can extract saliency information during decoding and further enhance the model's performance. Experiments on two benchmark databases demonstrate that our model achieves state-of-the-art results with reduced computational complexity.      
### 28.Interactive Machine Learning for Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13623.pdf)
>  We propose an approach for interactive learning for an image captioning model. As human feedback is expensive and modern neural network based approaches often require large amounts of supervised data to be trained, we envision a system that exploits human feedback as good as possible by multiplying the feedback using data augmentation methods, and integrating the resulting training examples into the model in a smart way. This approach has three key components, for which we need to find suitable practical implementations: feedback collection, data augmentation, and model update. We outline our idea and review different possibilities to address these tasks.      
### 29.Unsupervised Representation Learning for Point Clouds: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13589.pdf)
>  Point cloud data have been widely explored due to its superior accuracy and robustness under various adverse situations. Meanwhile, deep neural networks (DNNs) have achieved very impressive success in various applications such as surveillance and autonomous driving. The convergence of point cloud and DNNs has led to many deep point cloud models, largely trained under the supervision of large-scale and densely-labelled point cloud data. Unsupervised point cloud representation learning, which aims to learn general and useful point cloud representations from unlabelled point cloud data, has recently attracted increasing attention due to the constraint in large-scale point cloud labelling. This paper provides a comprehensive review of unsupervised point cloud representation learning using DNNs. It first describes the motivation, general pipelines as well as terminologies of the recent studies. Relevant background including widely adopted point cloud datasets and DNN architectures is then briefly presented. This is followed by an extensive discussion of existing unsupervised point cloud representation learning methods according to their technical approaches. We also quantitatively benchmark and discuss the reviewed methods over multiple widely adopted point cloud datasets. Finally, we share our humble opinion about several challenges and problems that could be pursued in the future research in unsupervised point cloud representation learning. A project associated with this survey has been built at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xiaoaoran/3d_url_survey" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 30.Point Set Self-Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13577.pdf)
>  This work presents an innovative method for point set self-embedding, that encodes the structural information of a dense point set into its sparser version in a visual but imperceptible form. The self-embedded point set can function as the ordinary downsampled one and be visualized efficiently on mobile devices. Particularly, we can leverage the self-embedded information to fully restore the original point set for detailed analysis on remote servers. This task is challenging since both the self-embedded point set and the restored point set should resemble the original one. To achieve a learnable self-embedding scheme, we design a novel framework with two jointly-trained networks: one to encode the input point set into its self-embedded sparse point set and the other to leverage the embedded information for inverting the original point set back. Further, we develop a pair of up-shuffle and down-shuffle units in the two networks, and formulate loss terms to encourage the shape similarity and point distribution in the results. Extensive qualitative and quantitative results demonstrate the effectiveness of our method on both synthetic and real-scanned datasets.      
### 31.Name Your Style: An Arbitrary Artist-aware Image Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13562.pdf)
>  Image style transfer has attracted widespread attention in the past few years. Despite its remarkable results, it requires additional style images available as references, making it less flexible and inconvenient. Using text is the most natural way to describe the style. More importantly, text can describe implicit abstract styles, like styles of specific artists or art movements. In this paper, we propose a text-driven image style transfer (TxST) that leverages advanced image-text encoders to control arbitrary style transfer. We introduce a contrastive training strategy to effectively extract style descriptions from the image-text model (i.e., CLIP), which aligns stylization with the text description. To this end, we also propose a novel and efficient attention module that explores cross-attentions to fuse style and content features. Finally, we achieve an arbitrary artist-aware image style transfer to learn and transfer specific artistic characters such as Picasso, oil painting, or a rough sketch. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our approach outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on both image and textual styles. Moreover, it can mimic the styles of one or many artists to achieve attractive results, thus highlighting a promising direction in image style transfer.      
### 32.Pattern Based Multivariate Regression using Deep Learning (PBMR-DP)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13541.pdf)
>  We propose a deep learning methodology for multivariate regression that is based on pattern recognition that triggers fast learning over sensor data. We used a conversion of sensors-to-image which enables us to take advantage of Computer Vision architectures and training processes. In addition to this data preparation methodology, we explore the use of state-of-the-art architectures to generate regression outputs to predict agricultural crop continuous yield information. Finally, we compare with some of the top models reported in MLCAS2021. We found that using a straightforward training process, we were able to accomplish a MAE of 4.394, RMSE of 5.945, and R^2 of 0.861.      
### 33.Towards Class-agnostic Tracking Using Feature Decorrelation in Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13524.pdf)
>  Single object tracking in point clouds has been attracting more and more attention owing to the presence of LiDAR sensors in 3D vision. However, the existing methods based on deep neural networks focus mainly on training different models for different categories, which makes them unable to perform well in real-world applications when encountering classes unseen during the training phase. In this work, we thus turn our thoughts to a more challenging task in the LiDAR point clouds, class-agnostic tracking, where a general model is supposed to be learned for any specified targets of both observed and unseen categories. In particular, we first investigate the class-agnostic performances of the state-of-the-art trackers via exposing the unseen categories to them during testing, finding that a key factor for class-agnostic tracking is how to constrain fused features between the template and search region to maintain generalization when the distribution is shifted from observed to unseen classes. Therefore, we propose a feature decorrelation method to address this problem, which eliminates the spurious correlations of the fused features through a set of learned weights and further makes the search region consistent among foreground points and distinctive between foreground and background points. Experiments on the KITTI and NuScenes demonstrate that the proposed method can achieve considerable improvements by benchmarking against the advanced trackers P2B and BAT, especially when tracking unseen objects.      
### 34.PartAfford: Part-level Affordance Discovery from 3D Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13519.pdf)
>  Understanding what objects could furnish for humans-namely, learning object affordance-is the crux to bridge perception and action. In the vision community, prior work primarily focuses on learning object affordance with dense (e.g., at a per-pixel level) supervision. In stark contrast, we humans learn the object affordance without dense labels. As such, the fundamental question to devise a computational model is: What is the natural way to learn the object affordance from visual appearance and geometry with humanlike sparse supervision? In this work, we present a new task of part-level affordance discovery (PartAfford): Given only the affordance labels per object, the machine is tasked to (i) decompose 3D shapes into parts and (ii) discover how each part of the object corresponds to a certain affordance category. We propose a novel learning framework for PartAfford, which discovers part-level representations by leveraging only the affordance set supervision and geometric primitive regularization, without dense supervision. The proposed approach consists of two main components: (i) an abstraction encoder with slot attention for unsupervised clustering and abstraction, and (ii) an affordance decoder with branches for part reconstruction, affordance prediction, and cuboidal primitive regularization. To learn and evaluate PartAfford, we construct a part-level, cross-category 3D object affordance dataset, annotated with 24 affordance categories shared among &gt;25, 000 objects. We demonstrate that our method enables both the abstraction of 3D objects and part-level affordance discovery, with generalizability to difficult and cross-category examples. Further ablations reveal the contribution of each component.      
### 35.StrongSORT: Make DeepSORT Great Again  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13514.pdf)
>  Existing Multi-Object Tracking (MOT) methods can be roughly classified as tracking-by-detection and joint-detection-association paradigms. Although the latter has elicited more attention and demonstrates comparable performance relative to the former, we claim that the tracking-by-detection paradigm is still the optimal solution in terms of tracking accuracy. In this paper, we revisit the classic tracker DeepSORT and upgrade it from various aspects, i.e., detection, embedding and association. The resulting tracker, called StrongSORT, sets new HOTA and IDF1 records on MOT17 and MOT20. We also present two lightweight and plug-and-play algorithms to further refine the tracking results. Firstly, an appearance-free link model (AFLink) is proposed to associate short tracklets into complete trajectories. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first global link model without appearance information. Secondly, we propose Gaussian-smoothed interpolation (GSI) to compensate for missing detections. Instead of ignoring motion information like linear interpolation, GSI is based on the Gaussian process regression algorithm and can achieve more accurate localizations. Moreover, AFLink and GSI can be plugged into various trackers with a negligible extra computational cost (591.9 and 140.9 Hz, respectively, on MOT17). By integrating StrongSORT with the two algorithms, the final tracker StrongSORT++ ranks first on MOT17 and MOT20 in terms of HOTA and IDF1 metrics and surpasses the second-place one by 1.3 - 2.2. Code will be released soon.      
### 36.Cyber Mobility Mirror: Deep Learning-based Real-time 3D Object Perception and Reconstruction Using Roadside LiDAR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13505.pdf)
>  Enabling Cooperative Driving Automation (CDA) requires high-fidelity and real-time perception information, which is available from onboard sensors or vehicle-to-everything (V2X) communications. Nevertheless, the accessibility of this information may suffer from the range and occlusion of perception or limited penetration rates in connectivity. In this paper, we introduce the prototype of Cyber Mobility Mirror (CMM), a next-generation real-time traffic surveillance system for 3D object detection, classification, tracking, and reconstruction, to provide CAVs with wide-range high-fidelity perception information in a mixed traffic environment. The CMM system consists of six main components: 1) the data pre-processor to retrieve and pre-process raw data from the roadside LiDAR; 2) the 3D object detector to generate 3D bounding boxes based on point cloud data; 3) the multi-objects tracker to endow unique IDs to detected objects and estimate their dynamic states; 4) the global locator to map positioning information from the LiDAR coordinate to geographic coordinate using coordinate transformation; 5) the cloud-based communicator to transmit perception information from roadside sensors to equipped vehicles; and 6) the onboard advisor to reconstruct and display the real-time traffic conditions via Graphical User Interface (GUI). In this study, a field-operational prototype system is deployed at a real-world intersection, University Avenue and Iowa Avenue in Riverside, California to assess the feasibility and performance of our CMM system. Results from field tests demonstrate that our CMM prototype system can provide satisfactory perception performance with 96.99% precision and 83.62% recall. High-fidelity real-time traffic conditions (at the object level) can be displayed on the GUI of the equipped vehicle with a frequency of 3-4 Hz.      
### 37.ESW Edge-Weights : Ensemble Stochastic Watershed Edge-Weights for Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13502.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral image (HSI) classification is a topic of active research. One of the main challenges of HSI classification is the lack of reliable labelled samples. Various semi-supervised and unsupervised classification methods are proposed to handle the low number of labelled samples. Chief among them are graph convolution networks (GCN) and their variants. These approaches exploit the graph structure for semi-supervised and unsupervised classification. While several of these methods implicitly construct edge-weights, to our knowledge, not much work has been done to estimate the edge-weights explicitly. In this article, we estimate the edge-weights explicitly and use them for the downstream classification tasks - both semi-supervised and unsupervised. The proposed edge-weights are based on two key insights - (a) Ensembles reduce the variance and (b) Classes in HSI datasets and feature similarity have only one-sided implications. That is, while same classes would have similar features, similar features do not necessarily imply the same classes. Exploiting these, we estimate the edge-weights using an aggregate of ensembles of watersheds over subsamples of features. These edge weights are evaluated for both semi-supervised and unsupervised classification tasks. The evaluation for semi-supervised tasks uses Random-Walk based approach. For the unsupervised case, we use a simple filter using a graph convolution network (GCN). In both these cases, the proposed edge weights outperform the traditional approaches to compute edge-weights - Euclidean distances and cosine similarities. Fascinatingly, with the proposed edge-weights, the simplest GCN obtained results comparable to the recent state-of-the-art.      
### 38.Globally Optimal Boresight Alignment of UAV-LiDAR Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13501.pdf)
>  In airborne light detection and ranging (LiDAR) systems, misalignments between the LiDAR-scanner and the inertial navigation system (INS) mounted on an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)'s frame can lead to inaccurate 3D point clouds. Determining the orientation offset, or boresight error is key to many LiDAR-based applications. In this work, we introduce a mixed-integer quadratically constrained quadratic program (MIQCQP) that can globally solve this misalignment problem. We also propose a nested spatial branch and bound (nsBB) algorithm that improves computational performance. The nsBB relies on novel preprocessing steps that progressively reduce the problem size. In addition, an adaptive grid search (aGS) allowing us to obtain quick heuristic solutions is presented. Our algorithms are open-source, multi-threaded and multi-machine compatible.      
### 39.Point Label Aware Superpixels for Multi-species Segmentation of Underwater Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13487.pdf)
>  Monitoring coral reefs using underwater vehicles increases the range of marine surveys and availability of historical ecological data by collecting significant quantities of images. Analysis of this imagery can be automated using a model trained to perform semantic segmentation, however it is too costly and time-consuming to densely label images for training supervised models. In this letter, we leverage photo-quadrat imagery labeled by ecologists with sparse point labels. We propose a point label aware method for propagating labels within superpixel regions to obtain augmented ground truth for training a semantic segmentation model. Our point label aware superpixel method utilizes the sparse point labels, and clusters pixels using learned features to accurately generate single-species segments in cluttered, complex coral images. Our method outperforms prior methods on the UCSD Mosaics dataset by 3.62% for pixel accuracy and 8.35% for mean IoU for the label propagation task. Furthermore, our approach reduces computation time reported by previous approaches by 76%. We train a DeepLabv3+ architecture and outperform state-of-the-art for semantic segmentation by 2.91% for pixel accuracy and 9.65% for mean IoU on the UCSD Mosaics dataset and by 4.19% for pixel accuracy and 14.32% mean IoU for the Eilat dataset.      
### 40.Synergistic Network Learning and Label Correction for Noise-robust Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13472.pdf)
>  Large training datasets almost always contain examples with inaccurate or incorrect labels. Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) tend to overfit training label noise, resulting in poorer model performance in practice. To address this problem, we propose a robust label correction framework combining the ideas of small loss selection and noise correction, which learns network parameters and reassigns ground truth labels iteratively. Taking the expertise of DNNs to learn meaningful patterns before fitting noise, our framework first trains two networks over the current dataset with small loss selection. Based on the classification loss and agreement loss of two networks, we can measure the confidence of training data. More and more confident samples are selected for label correction during the learning process. We demonstrate our method on both synthetic and real-world datasets with different noise types and rates, including CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and Clothing1M, where our method outperforms the baseline approaches.      
### 41.Application of DatasetGAN in medical imaging: preliminary studies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13463.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have been widely investigated for many potential applications in medical imaging. DatasetGAN is a recently proposed framework based on modern GANs that can synthesize high-quality segmented images while requiring only a small set of annotated training images. The synthesized annotated images could be potentially employed for many medical imaging applications, where images with segmentation information are required. However, to the best of our knowledge, there are no published studies focusing on its applications to medical imaging. In this work, preliminary studies were conducted to investigate the utility of DatasetGAN in medical imaging. Three improvements were proposed to the original DatasetGAN framework, considering the unique characteristics of medical images. The synthesized segmented images by DatasetGAN were visually evaluated. The trained DatasetGAN was further analyzed by evaluating the performance of a pre-defined image segmentation technique, which was trained by the use of the synthesized datasets. The effectiveness, concerns, and potential usage of DatasetGAN were discussed.      
### 42.A Multimodal German Dataset for Automatic Lip Reading Systems and Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13403.pdf)
>  Large datasets as required for deep learning of lip reading do not exist in many languages. In this paper we present the dataset GLips (German Lips) consisting of 250,000 publicly available videos of the faces of speakers of the Hessian Parliament, which was processed for word-level lip reading using an automatic pipeline. The format is similar to that of the English language LRW (Lip Reading in the Wild) dataset, with each video encoding one word of interest in a context of 1.16 seconds duration, which yields compatibility for studying transfer learning between both datasets. By training a deep neural network, we investigate whether lip reading has language-independent features, so that datasets of different languages can be used to improve lip reading models. We demonstrate learning from scratch and show that transfer learning from LRW to GLips and vice versa improves learning speed and performance, in particular for the validation set.      
### 43.Concept Graph Neural Networks for Surgical Video Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13402.pdf)
>  We constantly integrate our knowledge and understanding of the world to enhance our interpretation of what we see. <br>This ability is crucial in application domains which entail reasoning about multiple entities and concepts, such as AI-augmented surgery. In this paper, we propose a novel way of integrating conceptual knowledge into temporal analysis tasks via temporal concept graph networks. In the proposed networks, a global knowledge graph is incorporated into the temporal analysis of surgical instances, learning the meaning of concepts and relations as they apply to the data. We demonstrate our results in surgical video data for tasks such as verification of critical view of safety, as well as estimation of Parkland grading scale. The results show that our method improves the recognition and detection of complex benchmarks as well as enables other analytic applications of interest.      
### 44.Transformer-based Knowledge Distillation for Efficient Semantic Segmentation of Road-driving Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13393.pdf)
>  For scene understanding in robotics and automated driving, there is a growing interest in solving semantic segmentation tasks with transformer-based methods. However, effective transformers are always too cumbersome and computationally expensive to solve semantic segmentation in real time, which is desired for robotic systems. Moreover, due to the lack of inductive biases compared to Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), pre-training on a large dataset is essential but it takes a long time. Knowledge Distillation (KD) speeds up inference and maintains accuracy while transferring knowledge from a pre-trained cumbersome teacher model to a compact student model. Most traditional KD methods for CNNs focus on response-based knowledge and feature-based knowledge. In contrast, we present a novel KD framework according to the nature of transformers, i.e., training compact transformers by transferring the knowledge from feature maps and patch embeddings of large transformers. To this purpose, two modules are proposed: (1) the Selective Kernel Fusion (SKF) module, which helps to construct an efficient relation-based KD framework, Selective Kernel Review (SKR); (2) the Patch Embedding Alignment (PEA) module, which performs the dimensional transformation of patch embeddings. The combined KD framework is called SKR+PEA. Through comprehensive experiments on Cityscapes and ACDC datasets, it indicates that our proposed approach outperforms recent state-of-the-art KD frameworks and rivals the time-consuming pre-training method. Code will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/RuipingL/SKR_PEA.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 45.PanoFlow: Learning Optical Flow for Panoramic Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13388.pdf)
>  Optical flow estimation is a basic task in self-driving and robotics systems, which enables to temporally interpret the traffic scene. Autonomous vehicles clearly benefit from the ultra-wide Field of View (FoV) offered by 360-degree panoramic sensors. However, due to the unique imaging process of panoramic images, models designed for pinhole images do not directly generalize satisfactorily to 360-degree panoramic images. In this paper, we put forward a novel network framework--PanoFlow, to learn optical flow for panoramic images. To overcome the distortions introduced by equirectangular projection in panoramic transformation, we design a Flow Distortion Augmentation (FDA) method. We further propose a Cyclic Flow Estimation (CFE) method by leveraging the cyclicity of spherical images to infer 360-degree optical flow and converting large displacement to relatively small displacement. PanoFlow is applicable to any existing flow estimation method and benefit from the progress of narrow-FoV flow estimation. In addition, we create and release a synthetic panoramic dataset Flow360 based on CARLA to facilitate training and quantitative analysis. PanoFlow achieves state-of-the-art performance. Our proposed approach reduces the End-Point-Error (EPE) on the established Flow360 dataset by 26%. On the public OmniFlowNet dataset, PanoFlow achieves an EPE of 3.34 pixels, a 53.1% error reduction from the best published result (7.12 pixels). We also validate our method via an outdoor collection vehicle, indicating strong potential and robustness for real-world navigation applications. Code and dataset are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MasterHow/PanoFlow" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 46.Meta-RangeSeg: LiDAR Sequence Semantic Segmentation Using Multiple Feature Aggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13377.pdf)
>  LiDAR sensor is essential to the perception system in autonomous vehicles and intelligent robots. To fulfill the real-time requirements in real-world applications, it is necessary to efficiently segment the LiDAR scans. Most of previous approaches directly project 3D point cloud onto the 2D spherical range image so that they can make use of the efficient 2D convolutional operations for image segmentation. Although having achieved the encouraging results, the neighborhood information is not well-preserved in the spherical projection. Moreover, the temporal information is not taken into consideration in the single scan segmentation task. To tackle these problems, we propose a novel approach to semantic segmentation for LiDAR sequences named Meta-RangeSeg, where a novel range residual image representation is introduced to capture the spatial-temporal information. Specifically, Meta-Kernel is employed to extract the meta features, which reduces the inconsistency between the 2D range image coordinates input and Cartesian coordinates output. An efficient U-Net backbone is used to obtain the multi-scale features. Furthermore, Feature Aggregation Module (FAM) aggregates the meta features and multi-scale features, which tends to strengthen the role of range channel. We have conducted extensive experiments for performance evaluation on SemanticKITTI, which is the de-facto dataset for LiDAR semantic segmentation. The promising results show that our proposed Meta-RangeSeg method is more efficient and effective than the existing approaches.      
### 47.Robust Self-Supervised LiDAR Odometry via Representative Structure Discovery and 3D Inherent Error Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13353.pdf)
>  The correct ego-motion estimation basically relies on the understanding of correspondences between adjacent LiDAR scans. However, given the complex scenarios and the low-resolution LiDAR, finding reliable structures for identifying correspondences can be challenging. In this paper, we delve into structure reliability for accurate self-supervised ego-motion estimation and aim to alleviate the influence of unreliable structures in training, inference and mapping phases. We improve the self-supervised LiDAR odometry substantially from three aspects: 1) A two-stage odometry estimation network is developed, where we obtain the ego-motion by estimating a set of sub-region transformations and averaging them with a motion voting mechanism, to encourage the network focusing on representative structures. 2) The inherent alignment errors, which cannot be eliminated via ego-motion optimization, are down-weighted in losses based on the 3D point covariance estimations. 3) The discovered representative structures and learned point covariances are incorporated in the mapping module to improve the robustness of map construction. Our two-frame odometry outperforms the previous state of the arts by 16%/12% in terms of translational/rotational errors on the KITTI dataset and performs consistently well on the Apollo-Southbay datasets. We can even rival the fully supervised counterparts with our mapping module and more unlabeled training data.      
### 48.A Robust Multimodal Remote Sensing Image Registration Method and System Using Steerable Filters with First- and Second-order Gradients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13347.pdf)
>  Co-registration of multimodal remote sensing images is still an ongoing challenge because of nonlinear radiometric differences (NRD) and significant geometric distortions (e.g., scale and rotation changes) between these images. In this paper, a robust matching method based on the Steerable filters is proposed consisting of two critical steps. First, to address severe NRD, a novel structural descriptor named the Steerable Filters of first- and second-Order Channels (SFOC) is constructed, which combines the first- and second-order gradient information by using the steerable filters with a multi-scale strategy to depict more discriminative structure features of images. Then, a fast similarity measure is established called Fast Normalized Cross-Correlation (Fast-NCCSFOC), which employs the Fast Fourier Transform technique and the integral image to improve the matching efficiency. Furthermore, to achieve reliable registration performance, a coarse-to-fine multimodal registration system is designed consisting of two pivotal modules. The local coarse registration is first conducted by involving both detection of interest points (IPs) and local geometric correction, which effectively utilizes the prior georeferencing information of RS images to address global geometric distortions. In the fine registration stage, the proposed SFOC is used to resist significant NRD, and to detect control points between multimodal images by a template matching scheme. The performance of the proposed matching method has been evaluated with many different kinds of multimodal RS images. The results show its superior matching performance compared with the state-of-the-art methods. Moreover, the designed registration system also outperforms the popular commercial software in both registration accuracy and computational efficiency. Our system is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yeyuanxin110" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 49.An Efficient End-to-End 3D Model Reconstructionbased on Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13313.pdf)
>  Using neural networks to represent 3D objects has become popular. However, many previous works employ neural networks with fixed architecture and size to represent different 3D objects, which lead to excessive network parameters for simple objects and limited reconstruction accuracy for complex objects. For each 3D model, it is desirable to have an end-to-end neural network with as few parameters as possible to achieve high-fidelity reconstruction. In this paper, we propose an efficient model reconstruction method utilizing neural architecture search (NAS) and binary classification. Taking the number of layers, the number of nodes in each layer, and the activation function of each layer as the search space, a specific network architecture can be obtained based on reinforcement learning technology. Furthermore, to get rid of the traditional surface reconstruction algorithms (e.g., marching cube) used after network inference, we complete the end-to-end network by classifying binary voxels. Compared to other signed distance field (SDF) prediction or binary classification networks, our method achieves significantly higher reconstruction accuracy using fewer network parameters.      
### 50.Attention-based Cross-Layer Domain Alignment for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13310.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) aims to learn transferable knowledge from a labeled source domain and adapts a trained model to an unlabeled target domain. To bridge the gap between source and target domains, one prevailing strategy is to minimize the distribution discrepancy by aligning their semantic features extracted by deep models. The existing alignment-based methods mainly focus on reducing domain divergence in the same model layer. However, the same level of semantic information could distribute across model layers due to the domain shifts. To further boost model adaptation performance, we propose a novel method called Attention-based Cross-layer Domain Alignment (ACDA), which captures the semantic relationship between the source and target domains across model layers and calibrates each level of semantic information automatically through a dynamic attention mechanism. An elaborate attention mechanism is designed to reweight each cross-layer pair based on their semantic similarity for precise domain alignment, effectively matching each level of semantic information during model adaptation. Extensive experiments on multiple benchmark datasets consistently show that the proposed method ACDA yields state-of-the-art performance.      
### 51.A Computer Vision-assisted Approach to Automated Real-Time Road Infrastructure Management  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13285.pdf)
>  Accurate automated detection of road pavement distresses is critical for the timely identification and repair of potentially accident-inducing road hazards such as potholes and other surface-level asphalt cracks. Deployment of such a system would be further advantageous in low-resource environments where lack of government funding for infrastructure maintenance typically entails heightened risks of potentially fatal vehicular road accidents as a result of inadequate and infrequent manual inspection of road systems for road hazards. To remedy this, a recent research initiative organized by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers ("IEEE") as part of their 2020 Global Road Damage Detection ("GRDC") Challenge published in May 2020 a novel 21,041 annotated image dataset of various road distresses calling upon academic and other researchers to submit innovative deep learning-based solutions to these road hazard detection problems. Making use of this dataset, we propose a supervised object detection approach leveraging You Only Look Once ("YOLO") and the Faster R-CNN frameworks to detect and classify road distresses in real-time via a vehicle dashboard-mounted smartphone camera, producing 0.68 F1-score experimental results ranking in the top 5 of 121 teams that entered this challenge as of December 2021.      
### 52.A Dual Neighborhood Hypergraph Neural Network for Change Detection in VHR Remote Sensing Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13275.pdf)
>  The very high spatial resolution (VHR) remote sensing images have been an extremely valuable source for monitoring changes occurred on the earth surface. However, precisely detecting relevant changes in VHR images still remains a challenge, due to the complexity of the relationships among ground objects. To address this limitation, a dual neighborhood hypergraph neural network is proposed in this article, which combines the multiscale superpixel segmentation and hypergraph convolution to model and exploit the complex relationships. First, the bi-temporal image pairs are segmented under two scales and fed to a pre-trained U-net to obtain node features by treating each object under the fine scale as a node. The dual neighborhood is then defined using the father-child and adjacent relationships of the segmented objects to construct the hypergraph, which permits models to represent the higher-order structured information far more complex than just pairwise relationships. The hypergraph convolutions are conducted on the constructed hypergraph to propagate the label information from a small amount of labeled nodes to the other unlabeled ones by the node-edge-node transform. Moreover, to alleviate the problem of imbalanced sample, the focal loss function is adopted to train the hypergraph neural network. The experimental results on optical, SAR and heterogeneous optical/SAR data sets demonstrate that the proposed method comprises better effectiveness and robustness compared to many state-of-the-art methods.      
### 53.Texture Characterization of Histopathologic Images Using Ecological Diversity Measures and Discrete Wavelet Transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13270.pdf)
>  Breast cancer is a health problem that affects mainly the female population. An early detection increases the chances of effective treatment, improving the prognosis of the disease. In this regard, computational tools have been proposed to assist the specialist in interpreting the breast digital image exam, providing features for detecting and diagnosing tumors and cancerous cells. Nonetheless, detecting tumors with a high sensitivity rate and reducing the false positives rate is still challenging. Texture descriptors have been quite popular in medical image analysis, particularly in histopathologic images (HI), due to the variability of both the texture found in such images and the tissue appearance due to irregularity in the staining process. Such variability may exist depending on differences in staining protocol such as fixation, inconsistency in the staining condition, and reagents, either between laboratories or in the same laboratory. Textural feature extraction for quantifying HI information in a discriminant way is challenging given the distribution of intrinsic properties of such images forms a non-deterministic complex system. This paper proposes a method for characterizing texture across HIs with a considerable success rate. By employing ecological diversity measures and discrete wavelet transform, it is possible to quantify the intrinsic properties of such images with promising accuracy on two HI datasets compared with state-of-the-art methods.      
### 54.Next-Best-View Prediction for Active Stereo Cameras and Highly Reflective Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13263.pdf)
>  Depth acquisition with the active stereo camera is a challenging task for highly reflective objects. When setup permits, multi-view fusion can provide increased levels of depth completion. However, due to the slow acquisition speed of high-end active stereo cameras, collecting a large number of viewpoints for a single scene is generally not practical. In this work, we propose a next-best-view framework to strategically select camera viewpoints for completing depth data on reflective objects. In particular, we explicitly model the specular reflection of reflective surfaces based on the Phong reflection model and a photometric response function. Given the object CAD model and grayscale image, we employ an RGB-based pose estimator to obtain current pose predictions from the existing data, which is used to form predicted surface normal and depth hypotheses, and allows us to then assess the information gain from a subsequent frame for any candidate viewpoint. Using this formulation, we implement an active perception pipeline which is evaluated on a challenging real-world dataset. The evaluation results demonstrate that our active depth acquisition method outperforms two strong baselines for both depth completion and object pose estimation performance.      
### 55.Supervising Remote Sensing Change Detection Models with 3D Surface Semantics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13251.pdf)
>  Remote sensing change detection, identifying changes between scenes of the same location, is an active area of research with a broad range of applications. Recent advances in multimodal self-supervised pretraining have resulted in state-of-the-art methods which surpass vision models trained solely on optical imagery. In the remote sensing field, there is a wealth of overlapping 2D and 3D modalities which can be exploited to supervise representation learning in vision models. In this paper we propose Contrastive Surface-Image Pretraining (CSIP) for joint learning using optical RGB and above ground level (AGL) map pairs. We then evaluate these pretrained models on several building segmentation and change detection datasets to show that our method does, in fact, extract features relevant to downstream applications where natural and artificial surface information is relevant.      
### 56.Orientation-Discriminative Feature Representation for Decentralized Pedestrian Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13237.pdf)
>  This paper focuses on the problem of decentralized pedestrian tracking using a sensor network. Traditional works on pedestrian tracking usually use a centralized framework, which becomes less practical for robotic applications due to limited communication bandwidth. Our paper proposes a communication-efficient, orientation-discriminative feature representation to characterize pedestrian appearance information, that can be shared among sensors. Building upon that representation, our work develops a cross-sensor track association approach to achieve decentralized tracking. Extensive evaluations are conducted on publicly available datasets and results show that our proposed approach leads to improved performance in multi-sensor tracking.      
### 57.How much depth information can radar infer and contribute  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13220.pdf)
>  Since the release of radar data in large scale autonomous driving dataset, many works have been proposed fusing radar data as an additional guidance signal into monocular depth estimation models. Although positive performances are reported, it is still hard to tell how much depth information radar can infer and contribute in depth estimation models. In this paper, we conduct two experiments to investigate the intrinsic depth capability of radar data using state-of-the-art depth estimation models. Our experiments demonstrate that the estimated depth from only sparse radar input can detect the shape of surroundings to a certain extent. Furthermore, the monocular depth estimation model supervised by preprocessed radar only during training can achieve 70% performance in delta_1 score compared to the baseline model trained with sparse lidar.      
### 58.Unsupervised Domain Adaptive Salient Object Detection Through Uncertainty-Aware Pseudo-Label Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13170.pdf)
>  Recent advances in deep learning significantly boost the performance of salient object detection (SOD) at the expense of labeling larger-scale per-pixel annotations. To relieve the burden of labor-intensive labeling, deep unsupervised SOD methods have been proposed to exploit noisy labels generated by handcrafted saliency methods. However, it is still difficult to learn accurate saliency details from rough noisy labels. In this paper, we propose to learn saliency from synthetic but clean labels, which naturally has higher pixel-labeling quality without the effort of manual annotations. Specifically, we first construct a novel synthetic SOD dataset by a simple copy-paste strategy. Considering the large appearance differences between the synthetic and real-world scenarios, directly training with synthetic data will lead to performance degradation on real-world scenarios. To mitigate this problem, we propose a novel unsupervised domain adaptive SOD method to adapt between these two domains by uncertainty-aware self-training. Experimental results show that our proposed method outperforms the existing state-of-the-art deep unsupervised SOD methods on several benchmark datasets, and is even comparable to fully-supervised ones.      
### 59.Edge Augmentation for Large-Scale Sketch Recognition without Sketches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13164.pdf)
>  This work addresses scaling up the sketch classification task into a large number of categories. Collecting sketches for training is a slow and tedious process that has so far precluded any attempts to large-scale sketch recognition. We overcome the lack of training sketch data by exploiting labeled collections of natural images that are easier to obtain. To bridge the domain gap we present a novel augmentation technique that is tailored to the task of learning sketch recognition from a training set of natural images. Randomization is introduced in the parameters of edge detection and edge selection. Natural images are translated to a pseudo-novel domain called "randomized Binary Thin Edges" (rBTE), which is used as a training domain instead of natural images. The ability to scale up is demonstrated by training CNN-based sketch recognition of more than 2.5 times larger number of categories than used previously. For this purpose, a dataset of natural images from 874 categories is constructed by combining a number of popular computer vision datasets. The categories are selected to be suitable for sketch recognition. To estimate the performance, a subset of 393 categories with sketches is also collected.      
### 60.Pix2NeRF: Unsupervised Conditional $$-GAN for Single Image to Neural Radiance Fields Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13162.pdf)
>  We propose a pipeline to generate Neural Radiance Fields~(NeRF) of an object or a scene of a specific class, conditioned on a single input image. This is a challenging task, as training NeRF requires multiple views of the same scene, coupled with corresponding poses, which are hard to obtain. Our method is based on $\pi$-GAN, a generative model for unconditional 3D-aware image synthesis, which maps random latent codes to radiance fields of a class of objects. We jointly optimize (1) the $\pi$-GAN objective to utilize its high-fidelity 3D-aware generation and (2) a carefully designed reconstruction objective. The latter includes an encoder coupled with $\pi$-GAN generator to form an auto-encoder. Unlike previous few-shot NeRF approaches, our pipeline is unsupervised, capable of being trained with independent images without 3D, multi-view, or pose supervision. Applications of our pipeline include 3d avatar generation, object-centric novel view synthesis with a single input image, and 3d-aware super-resolution, to name a few.      
### 61.DGSS : Domain Generalized Semantic Segmentation using Iterative Style Mining and Latent Representation Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13144.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation algorithms require access to well-annotated datasets captured under diverse illumination conditions to ensure consistent performance. However, poor visibility conditions at varying illumination conditions result in laborious and error-prone labeling. Alternatively, using synthetic samples to train segmentation algorithms has gained interest with the drawback of domain gap that results in sub-optimal performance. While current state-of-the-art (SoTA) have proposed different mechanisms to bridge the domain gap, they still perform poorly in low illumination conditions with an average performance drop of - 10.7 mIOU. In this paper, we focus upon single source domain generalization to overcome the domain gap and propose a two-step framework wherein we first identify an adversarial style that maximizes the domain gap between stylized and source images. Subsequently, these stylized images are used to categorically align features such that features belonging to the same class are clustered together in latent space, irrespective of domain gap. Furthermore, to increase intra-class variance while training, we propose a style mixing mechanism wherein the same objects from different styles are mixed to construct a new training image. This framework allows us to achieve a domain generalized semantic segmentation algorithm with consistent performance without prior information of the target domain while relying on a single source. Based on extensive experiments, we match SoTA performance on SYNTHIA $\to$ Cityscapes, GTAV $\to$ Cityscapes while setting new SoTA on GTAV $\to$ Dark Zurich and GTAV $\to$ Night Driving benchmarks without retraining.      
### 62.Blind Image Super Resolution with Semantic-Aware Quantized Texture Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13142.pdf)
>  A key challenge of blind image super resolution is to recover realistic textures for low-resolution images with unknown degradations. Most recent works completely rely on the generative ability of GANs, which are difficult to train. Other methods resort to high-resolution image references that are usually not available. In this work, we propose a novel framework, denoted as QuanTexSR, to restore realistic textures with the Quantized Texture Priors encoded in Vector Quantized GAN. The QuanTexSR generates textures by aligning the textureless content features to the quantized feature vectors, i.e., a pretrained feature codebook. Specifically, QuanTexSR formulates the texture generation as a feature matching problem between textureless features and a pretrained feature codebook. The final textures are then generated by the quantized features from the codebook. Since features in the codebook have shown the ability to generate natural textures in the pretrain stage, QuanTexSR can generate rich and realistic textures with the pretrained codebook as texture priors. Moreover, we propose a semantic regularization technique that regularizes the pre-training of the codebook using clusters of features extracted from the pretrained VGG19 network. This further improves texture generation with semantic context. Experiments demonstrate that the proposed QuanTexSR can generate competitive or better textures than previous approaches. Code will be made publicly available.      
### 63.RONELDv2: A faster, improved lane tracking method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13137.pdf)
>  Lane detection is an integral part of control systems in autonomous vehicles and lane departure warning systems as lanes are a key component of the operating environment for road vehicles. In a previous paper, a robust neural network output enhancement for active lane detection (RONELD) method augmenting deep learning lane detection models to improve active, or ego, lane accuracy performance was presented. This paper extends the work by further investigating the lane tracking methods used to increase robustness of the method to lane changes and different lane dimensions (e.g. lane marking thickness) and proposes an improved, lighter weight lane detection method, RONELDv2. It improves on the previous RONELD method by detecting the lane point variance, merging lanes to find a more accurate set of lane parameters, and using an exponential moving average method to calculate more robust lane weights. Experiments using the proposed improvements show a consistent increase in lane detection accuracy results across different datasets and deep learning models, as well as a decrease in computational complexity observed via an up to two-fold decrease in runtime, which enhances its suitability for real-time use on autonomous vehicles and lane departure warning systems.      
### 64.Nonlinear Discrete Optimisation of Reversible Steganographic Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13133.pdf)
>  Authentication mechanisms are at the forefront of defending the world from various types of cybercrime. Steganography can serve as an authentication solution by embedding a digital signature into a carrier object to ensure the integrity of the object and simultaneously lighten the burden of metadata management. However, steganographic distortion, albeit generally imperceptible to human sensory systems, might be inadmissible in fidelity-sensitive situations. This has led to the concept of reversible steganography. A fundamental element of reversible steganography is predictive analytics, for which powerful neural network models have been effectively deployed. As another core aspect, contemporary reversible steganographic coding is based primarily on heuristics and therefore worth further study. While attempts have been made to realise automatic coding with neural networks, perfect reversibility is still unreachable via such an unexplainable intelligent machinery. Instead of relying on deep learning, we aim to derive an optimal coding by means of mathematical optimisation. In this study, we formulate reversible steganographic coding as a nonlinear discrete optimisation problem with a logarithmic capacity constraint and a quadratic distortion objective. Linearisation techniques are developed to enable mixed-integer linear programming. Experimental results validate the near-optimality of the proposed optimisation algorithm benchmarked against a brute-force method.      
### 65.Content-Variant Reference Image Quality Assessment via Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13123.pdf)
>  Generally, humans are more skilled at perceiving differences between high-quality (HQ) and low-quality (LQ) images than directly judging the quality of a single LQ image. This situation also applies to image quality assessment (IQA). Although recent no-reference (NR-IQA) methods have made great progress to predict image quality free from the reference image, they still have the potential to achieve better performance since HQ image information is not fully exploited. In contrast, full-reference (FR-IQA) methods tend to provide more reliable quality evaluation, but its practicability is affected by the requirement for pixel-level aligned reference images. To address this, we firstly propose the content-variant reference method via knowledge distillation (CVRKD-IQA). Specifically, we use non-aligned reference (NAR) images to introduce various prior distributions of high-quality images. The comparisons of distribution differences between HQ and LQ images can help our model better assess the image quality. Further, the knowledge distillation transfers more HQ-LQ distribution difference information from the FR-teacher to the NAR-student and stabilizing CVRKD-IQA performance. Moreover, to fully mine the local-global combined information, while achieving faster inference speed, our model directly processes multiple image patches from the input with the MLP-mixer. Cross-dataset experiments verify that our model can outperform all NAR/NR-IQA SOTAs, even reach comparable performance with FR-IQA methods on some occasions. Since the content-variant and non-aligned reference HQ images are easy to obtain, our model can support more IQA applications with its relative robustness to content variations. Our code and more detailed elaborations of supplements are available: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/guanghaoyin/CVRKD-IQA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 66.Person Re-identification: A Retrospective on Domain Specific Open Challenges and Future Trends  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13121.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (Re-ID) is one of the primary components of an automated visual surveillance system. It aims to automatically identify/search persons in a multi-camera network having non-overlapping field-of-views. Owing to its potential in various applications and research significance, a plethora of deep learning based re-Id approaches have been proposed in the recent years. However, there exist several vision related challenges, e.g., occlusion, pose scale \&amp; viewpoint variance, background clutter, person misalignment and cross-domain generalization across camera modalities, which makes the problem of re-Id still far from being solved. Majority of the proposed approaches directly or indirectly aim to solve one or multiple of these existing challenges. In this context, a comprehensive review of current re-ID approaches in solving theses challenges is needed to analyze and focus on particular aspects for further advancements. At present, such a focused review does not exist and henceforth in this paper, we have presented a systematic challenge-specific literature survey of 230+ papers between the years of 2015-21. For the first time a survey of this type have been presented where the person re-Id approaches are reviewed in such solution-oriented perspective. Moreover, we have presented several diversified prominent developing trends in the respective research domain which will provide a visionary perspective regarding ongoing person re-Id research and eventually help to develop practical real world solutions.      
### 67.Accurate Human Body Reconstruction for Volumetric Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13118.pdf)
>  In this work, we enhance a professional end-to-end volumetric video production pipeline to achieve high-fidelity human body reconstruction using only passive cameras. While current volumetric video approaches estimate depth maps using traditional stereo matching techniques, we introduce and optimize deep learning-based multi-view stereo networks for depth map estimation in the context of professional volumetric video reconstruction. Furthermore, we propose a novel depth map post-processing approach including filtering and fusion, by taking into account photometric confidence, cross-view geometric consistency, foreground masks as well as camera viewing frustums. We show that our method can generate high levels of geometric detail for reconstructed human bodies.      
### 68.An Unsupervised Cross-Modal Hashing Method Robust to Noisy Training Image-Text Correspondences in Remote Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13117.pdf)
>  The development of accurate and scalable cross-modal image-text retrieval methods, where queries from one modality (e.g., text) can be matched to archive entries from another (e.g., remote sensing image) has attracted great attention in remote sensing (RS). Most of the existing methods assume that a reliable multi-modal training set with accurately matched text-image pairs is existing. However, this assumption may not always hold since the multi-modal training sets may include noisy pairs (i.e., textual descriptions/captions associated to training images can be noisy), distorting the learning process of the retrieval methods. To address this problem, we propose a novel unsupervised cross-modal hashing method robust to the noisy image-text correspondences (CHNR). CHNR consists of three modules: 1) feature extraction module, which extracts feature representations of image-text pairs; 2) noise detection module, which detects potential noisy correspondences; and 3) hashing module that generates cross-modal binary hash codes. The proposed CHNR includes two training phases: i) meta-learning phase that uses a small portion of clean (i.e., reliable) data to train the noise detection module in an adversarial fashion; and ii) the main training phase for which the trained noise detection module is used to identify noisy correspondences while the hashing module is trained on the noisy multi-modal training set. Experimental results show that the proposed CHNR outperforms state-of-the-art methods. Our code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.tu-berlin.de/rsim/chnr" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 69.Analysis of Visual Reasoning on One-Stage Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13115.pdf)
>  Current state-of-the-art one-stage object detectors are limited by treating each image region separately without considering possible relations of the objects. This causes dependency solely on high-quality convolutional feature representations for detecting objects successfully. However, this may not be possible sometimes due to some challenging conditions. In this paper, the usage of reasoning features on one-stage object detection is analyzed. We attempted different architectures that reason the relations of the image regions by using self-attention. YOLOv3-Reasoner2 model spatially and semantically enhances features in the reasoning layer and fuses them with the original convolutional features to improve performance. The YOLOv3-Reasoner2 model achieves around 2.5% absolute improvement with respect to baseline YOLOv3 on COCO in terms of mAP while still running in real-time.      
### 70.Symmetric Convolutional Filters: A Novel Way to Constrain Parameters in CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13099.pdf)
>  We propose a novel technique to constrain parameters in CNN based on symmetric filters. We investigate the impact on SOTA networks when varying the combinations of symmetricity. We demonstrate that our models offer effective generalisation and a structured elimination of redundancy in parameters. We conclude by comparing our method with other pruning techniques.      
### 71.Continuous Human Action Recognition for Human-Machine Interaction: A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13096.pdf)
>  With advances in data-driven machine learning research, a wide variety of prediction models have been proposed to capture spatio-temporal features for the analysis of video streams. Recognising actions and detecting action transitions within an input video are challenging but necessary tasks for applications that require real-time human-machine interaction. By reviewing a large body of recent related work in the literature, we thoroughly analyse, explain and compare action segmentation methods and provide details on the feature extraction and learning strategies that are used on most state-of-the-art methods. We cover the impact of the performance of object detection and tracking techniques on human action segmentation methodologies. We investigate the application of such models to real-world scenarios and discuss several limitations and key research directions towards improving interpretability, generalisation, optimisation and deployment.      
### 72.RIConv++: Effective Rotation Invariant Convolutions for 3D Point Clouds Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13094.pdf)
>  3D point clouds deep learning is a promising field of research that allows a neural network to learn features of point clouds directly, making it a robust tool for solving 3D scene understanding tasks. While recent works show that point cloud convolutions can be invariant to translation and point permutation, investigations of the rotation invariance property for point cloud convolution has been so far scarce. Some existing methods perform point cloud convolutions with rotation-invariant features, existing methods generally do not perform as well as translation-invariant only counterpart. In this work, we argue that a key reason is that compared to point coordinates, rotation-invariant features consumed by point cloud convolution are not as distinctive. To address this problem, we propose a simple yet effective convolution operator that enhances feature distinction by designing powerful rotation invariant features from the local regions. We consider the relationship between the point of interest and its neighbors as well as the internal relationship of the neighbors to largely improve the feature descriptiveness. Our network architecture can capture both local and global context by simply tuning the neighborhood size in each convolution layer. We conduct several experiments on synthetic and real-world point cloud classifications, part segmentation, and shape retrieval to evaluate our method, which achieves the state-of-the-art accuracy under challenging rotations.      
### 73.Visual Speech Recognition for Multiple Languages in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13084.pdf)
>  Visual speech recognition (VSR) aims to recognise the content of speech based on the lip movements without relying on the audio stream. Advances in deep learning and the availability of large audio-visual datasets have led to the development of much more accurate and robust VSR models than ever before. However, these advances are usually due to larger training sets rather than the model design. In this work, we demonstrate that designing better models is equally important to using larger training sets. We propose the addition of prediction-based auxiliary tasks to a VSR model and highlight the importance of hyper-parameter optimisation and appropriate data augmentations. We show that such model works for different languages and outperforms all previous methods trained on publicly available datasets by a large margin. It even outperforms models that were trained on non-publicly available datasets containing up to to 21 times more data. We show furthermore that using additional training data, even in other languages or with automatically generated transcriptions, results in further improvement.      
### 74.An Improved Deep Learning Approach For Product Recognition on Racks in Retail Stores  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13081.pdf)
>  Automated product recognition in retail stores is an important real-world application in the domain of Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition. In this paper, we consider the problem of automatically identifying the classes of the products placed on racks in retail stores from an image of the rack and information about the query/product images. We improve upon the existing approaches in terms of effectiveness and memory requirement by developing a two-stage object detection and recognition pipeline comprising of a Faster-RCNN-based object localizer that detects the object regions in the rack image and a ResNet-18-based image encoder that classifies the detected regions into the appropriate classes. Each of the models is fine-tuned using appropriate data sets for better prediction and data augmentation is performed on each query image to prepare an extensive gallery set for fine-tuning the ResNet-18-based product recognition model. This encoder is trained using a triplet loss function following the strategy of online-hard-negative-mining for improved prediction. The proposed models are lightweight and can be connected in an end-to-end manner during deployment for automatically identifying each product object placed in a rack image. Extensive experiments using Grozi-32k and GP-180 data sets verify the effectiveness of the proposed model.      
### 75.Improved Hard Example Mining Approach for Single Shot Object Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13080.pdf)
>  Hard example mining methods generally improve the performance of the object detectors, which suffer from imbalanced training sets. In this work, two existing hard example mining approaches (LRM and focal loss, FL) are adapted and combined in a state-of-the-art real-time object detector, YOLOv5. The effectiveness of the proposed approach for improving the performance on hard examples is extensively evaluated. The proposed method increases mAP by 3% compared to using the original loss function and around 1-2% compared to using the hard-mining methods (LRM or FL) individually on 2021 Anti-UAV Challenge Dataset.      
### 76.SWIS: Self-Supervised Representation Learning For Writer Independent Offline Signature Verification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13078.pdf)
>  Writer independent offline signature verification is one of the most challenging tasks in pattern recognition as there is often a scarcity of training data. To handle such data scarcity problem, in this paper, we propose a novel self-supervised learning (SSL) framework for writer independent offline signature verification. To our knowledge, this is the first attempt to utilize self-supervised setting for the signature verification task. The objective of self-supervised representation learning from the signature images is achieved by minimizing the cross-covariance between two random variables belonging to different feature directions and ensuring a positive cross-covariance between the random variables denoting the same feature direction. This ensures that the features are decorrelated linearly and the redundant information is discarded. Through experimental results on different data sets, we obtained encouraging results.      
### 77.Utility and Feasibility of a Center Surround Event Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13076.pdf)
>  Standard dynamic vision sensor (DVS) event cameras output a stream of spatially-independent log-intensity brightness change events so they cannot suppress spatial redundancy. Nearly all biological retinas use an antagonistic center-surround organization. This paper proposes a practical method of implementing a compact, energy-efficient Center Surround DVS (CSDVS) with a surround smoothing network that uses compact polysilicon resistors for lateral resistance. The paper includes behavioral simulation results for the CSDVS (see <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://sites.google.com/view/csdvs/home" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>). The CSDVS would significantly reduce events caused by low spatial frequencies, but amplify the informative high frequency spatiotemporal events.      
### 78.Global Instance Tracking: Locating Target More Like Humans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13073.pdf)
>  Target tracking, the essential ability of the human visual system, has been simulated by computer vision tasks. However, existing trackers perform well in austere experimental environments but fail in challenges like occlusion and fast motion. The massive gap indicates that researches only measure tracking performance rather than intelligence. How to scientifically judge the intelligence level of trackers? Distinct from decision-making problems, lacking three requirements (a challenging task, a fair environment, and a scientific evaluation procedure) makes it strenuous to answer the question. In this article, we first propose the global instance tracking (GIT) task, which is supposed to search an arbitrary user-specified instance in a video without any assumptions about camera or motion consistency, to model the human visual tracking ability. Whereafter, we construct a high-quality and large-scale benchmark VideoCube to create a challenging environment. Finally, we design a scientific evaluation procedure using human capabilities as the baseline to judge tracking intelligence. Additionally, we provide an online platform with toolkit and an updated leaderboard. Although the experimental results indicate a definite gap between trackers and humans, we expect to take a step forward to generate authentic human-like trackers. The database, toolkit, evaluation server, and baseline results are available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://videocube.aitestunion.com" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 79.Adversarial Contrastive Self-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13072.pdf)
>  Recently, learning from vast unlabeled data, especially self-supervised learning, has been emerging and attracted widespread attention. Self-supervised learning followed by the supervised fine-tuning on a few labeled examples can significantly improve label efficiency and outperform standard supervised training using fully annotated data. In this work, we present a novel self-supervised deep learning paradigm based on online hard negative pair mining. Specifically, we design a student-teacher network to generate multi-view of the data for self-supervised learning and integrate hard negative pair mining into the training. Then we derive a new triplet-like loss considering both positive sample pairs and mined hard negative sample pairs. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method and its components on ILSVRC-2012.      
### 80.Uncertainty-Aware Deep Multi-View Photometric Stereo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13071.pdf)
>  This paper presents a simple and effective solution to the problem of multi-view photometric stereo (MVPS). It is well-known that photometric stereo (PS) is excellent at recovering high-frequency surface details, whereas multi-view stereo (MVS) can help remove the low-frequency distortion due to PS and retain the global geometry of the shape. This paper proposes an approach that can effectively utilize such complementary strengths of PS and MVS. Our key idea is to suitably combine them while taking into account the per-pixel uncertainty of their estimates. To this end, we estimate per-pixel surface normals and depth using an uncertainty-aware deep-PS network and deep-MVS network, respectively. Uncertainty modeling helps select reliable surface normal and depth estimates at each pixel which then act as a true representative of the dense surface geometry. At each pixel, our approach either selects or discards deep-PS and deep-MVS network prediction depending on the prediction uncertainty measure. For dense, detailed, and precise inference of the object's surface profile, we propose to learn the implicit neural shape representation via a multilayer perceptron (MLP). Our approach encourages the MLP to converge to a natural zero-level set surface using the confident prediction from deep-PS and deep-MVS networks, providing superior dense surface reconstruction. Extensive experiments on the DiLiGenT-MV benchmark dataset show that our method outperforms most of the existing approaches.      
### 81.A Robust Document Image Watermarking Scheme using Deep Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13067.pdf)
>  Watermarking is an important copyright protection technology which generally embeds the identity information into the carrier imperceptibly. Then the identity can be extracted to prove the copyright from the watermarked carrier even after suffering various attacks. Most of the existing watermarking technologies take the nature images as carriers. Different from the natural images, document images are not so rich in color and texture, and thus have less redundant information to carry watermarks. This paper proposes an end-to-end document image watermarking scheme using the deep neural network. Specifically, an encoder and a decoder are designed to embed and extract the watermark. A noise layer is added to simulate the various attacks that could be encountered in reality, such as the Cropout, Dropout, Gaussian blur, Gaussian noise, Resize, and JPEG Compression. A text-sensitive loss function is designed to limit the embedding modification on characters. An embedding strength adjustment strategy is proposed to improve the quality of watermarked image with little loss of extraction accuracy. Experimental results show that the proposed document image watermarking technology outperforms three state-of-the-arts in terms of the robustness and image quality.      
### 82.An End-to-End Transformer Model for Crowd Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13065.pdf)
>  Crowd localization, predicting head positions, is a more practical and high-level task than simply counting. Existing methods employ pseudo-bounding boxes or pre-designed localization maps, relying on complex post-processing to obtain the head positions. In this paper, we propose an elegant, end-to-end Crowd Localization TRansformer named CLTR that solves the task in the regression-based paradigm. The proposed method views the crowd localization as a direct set prediction problem, taking extracted features and trainable embeddings as input of the transformer-decoder. To achieve good matching results, we introduce a KMO-based Hungarian, which innovatively revisits the label assignment from a context view instead of an independent instance view. Extensive experiments conducted on five datasets in various data settings show the effectiveness of our method. In particular, the proposed method achieves the best localization performance on the NWPU-Crowd, UCF-QNRF, and ShanghaiTech Part A datasets.      
### 83.Deep Depth from Focal Stack with Defocus Model for Camera-Setting Invariance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13055.pdf)
>  We propose a learning-based depth from focus/defocus (DFF), which takes a focal stack as input for estimating scene depth. Defocus blur is a useful cue for depth estimation. However, the size of the blur depends on not only scene depth but also camera settings such as focus distance, focal length, and f-number. Current learning-based methods without any defocus models cannot estimate a correct depth map if camera settings are different at training and test times. Our method takes a plane sweep volume as input for the constraint between scene depth, defocus images, and camera settings, and this intermediate representation enables depth estimation with different camera settings at training and test times. This camera-setting invariance can enhance the applicability of learning-based DFF methods. The experimental results also indicate that our method is robust against a synthetic-to-real domain gap, and exhibits state-of-the-art performance.      
### 84.Optical flow-based branch segmentation for complex orchard environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13050.pdf)
>  Machine vision is a critical subsystem for enabling robots to be able to perform a variety of tasks in orchard environments. However, orchards are highly visually complex environments, and computer vision algorithms operating in them must be able to contend with variable lighting conditions and background noise. Past work on enabling deep learning algorithms to operate in these environments has typically required large amounts of hand-labeled data to train a deep neural network or physically controlling the conditions under which the environment is perceived. In this paper, we train a neural network system in simulation only using simulated RGB data and optical flow. This resulting neural network is able to perform foreground segmentation of branches in a busy orchard environment without additional real-world training or using any special setup or equipment beyond a standard camera. Our results show that our system is highly accurate and, when compared to a network using manually labeled RGBD data, achieves significantly more consistent and robust performance across environments that differ from the training set.      
### 85.Building a visual semantics aware object hierarchy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13021.pdf)
>  The semantic gap is defined as the difference between the linguistic representations of the same concept, which usually leads to misunderstanding between individuals with different knowledge backgrounds. Since linguistically annotated images are extensively used for training machine learning models, semantic gap problem (SGP) also results in inevitable bias on image annotations and further leads to poor performance on current computer vision tasks. To address this problem, we propose a novel unsupervised method to build visual semantics aware object hierarchy, aiming to get a classification model by learning from pure-visual information and to dissipate the bias of linguistic representations caused by SGP. Our intuition in this paper comes from real-world knowledge representation where concepts are hierarchically organized, and each concept can be described by a set of features rather than a linguistic annotation, namely visual semantic. The evaluation consists of two parts, firstly we apply the constructed hierarchy on the object recognition task and then we compare our visual hierarchy and existing lexical hierarchies to show the validity of our method. The preliminary results reveal the efficiency and potential of our proposed method.      
### 86.HCIL: Hierarchical Class Incremental Learning for Longline Fishing Visual Monitoring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13018.pdf)
>  The goal of electronic monitoring of longline fishing is to visually monitor the fish catching activities on fishing vessels based on cameras, either for regulatory compliance or catch counting. The previous hierarchical classification method demonstrates efficient fish species identification of catches from longline fishing, where fishes are under severe deformation and self-occlusion during the catching process. Although the hierarchical classification mitigates the laborious efforts of human reviews by providing confidence scores in different hierarchical levels, its performance drops dramatically under the class incremental learning (CIL) scenario. A CIL system should be able to learn about more and more classes over time from a stream of data, i.e., only the training data for a small number of classes have to be present at the beginning and new classes can be added progressively. In this work, we introduce a Hierarchical Class Incremental Learning (HCIL) model, which significantly improves the state-of-the-art hierarchical classification methods under the CIL scenario.      
### 87.Multi-view Gradient Consistency for SVBRDF Estimation of Complex Scenes under Natural Illumination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13017.pdf)
>  This paper presents a process for estimating the spatially varying surface reflectance of complex scenes observed under natural illumination. In contrast to previous methods, our process is not limited to scenes viewed under controlled lighting conditions but can handle complex indoor and outdoor scenes viewed under arbitrary illumination conditions. An end-to-end process uses a model of the scene's geometry and several images capturing the scene's surfaces from arbitrary viewpoints and under various natural illumination conditions. We develop a differentiable path tracer that leverages least-square conformal mapping for handling multiple disjoint objects appearing in the scene. We follow a two-step optimization process and introduce a multi-view gradient consistency loss which results in up to 30-50% improvement in the image reconstruction loss and can further achieve better disentanglement of the diffuse and specular BRDFs compared to other state-of-the-art. We demonstrate the process in real-world indoor and outdoor scenes from images in the wild and show that we can produce realistic renders consistent with actual images using the estimated reflectance properties. Experiments show that our technique produces realistic results for arbitrary outdoor scenes with complex geometry. The source code is publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://gitlab.com/alen.joy/multi-view-gradient-consistency-for-svbrdf-estimation-of-complex-scenes-under-natural-illumination" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 88.Weakly Supervised Instance Segmentation using Motion Information via Optical Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13006.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised instance segmentation has gained popularity because it reduces high annotation cost of pixel-level masks required for model training. Recent approaches for weakly supervised instance segmentation detect and segment objects using appearance information obtained from a static image. However, it poses the challenge of identifying objects with a non-discriminatory appearance. In this study, we address this problem by using motion information from image sequences. We propose a two-stream encoder that leverages appearance and motion features extracted from images and optical flows. Additionally, we propose a novel pairwise loss that considers both appearance and motion information to supervise segmentation. We conducted extensive evaluations on the YouTube-VIS 2019 benchmark dataset. Our results demonstrate that the proposed method improves the Average Precision of the state-of-the-art method by 3.1.      
### 89.Extracting Effective Subnetworks with Gumebel-Softmax  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12986.pdf)
>  Large and performant neural networks are often overparameterized and can be drastically reduced in size and complexity thanks to pruning. Pruning is a group of methods, which seeks to remove redundant or unnecessary weights or groups of weights in a network. These techniques allow the creation of lightweight networks, which are particularly critical in embedded or mobile applications. In this paper, we devise an alternative pruning method that allows extracting effective subnetworks from larger untrained ones. Our method is stochastic and extracts subnetworks by exploring different topologies which are sampled using Gumbel Softmax. The latter is also used to train probability distributions which measure the relevance of weights in the sampled topologies. The resulting subnetworks are further enhanced using a highly efficient rescaling mechanism that reduces training time and improves performances. Extensive experiments conducted on CIFAR10 show the outperformance of our subnetwork extraction method against the related work.      
### 90.OCR-IDL: OCR Annotations for Industry Document Library Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12985.pdf)
>  Pretraining has proven successful in Document Intelligence tasks where deluge of documents are used to pretrain the models only later to be finetuned on downstream tasks. One of the problems of the pretraining approaches is the inconsistent usage of pretraining data with different OCR engines leading to incomparable results between models. In other words, it is not obvious whether the performance gain is coming from diverse usage of amount of data and distinct OCR engines or from the proposed models. To remedy the problem, we make public the OCR annotations for IDL documents using commercial OCR engine given their superior performance over open source OCR models. The contributed dataset (OCR-IDL) has an estimated monetary value over 20K US$. It is our hope that OCR-IDL can be a starting point for future works on Document Intelligence. All of our data and its collection process with the annotations can be found in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/furkanbiten/idl_data" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 91.FSGANv2: Improved Subject Agnostic Face Swapping and Reenactment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12972.pdf)
>  We present Face Swapping GAN (FSGAN) for face swapping and reenactment. Unlike previous work, we offer a subject agnostic swapping scheme that can be applied to pairs of faces without requiring training on those faces. We derive a novel iterative deep learning--based approach for face reenactment which adjusts significant pose and expression variations that can be applied to a single image or a video sequence. For video sequences, we introduce a continuous interpolation of the face views based on reenactment, Delaunay Triangulation, and barycentric coordinates. Occluded face regions are handled by a face completion network. Finally, we use a face blending network for seamless blending of the two faces while preserving the target skin color and lighting conditions. This network uses a novel Poisson blending loss combining Poisson optimization with a perceptual loss. We compare our approach to existing state-of-the-art systems and show our results to be both qualitatively and quantitatively superior. This work describes extensions of the FSGAN method, proposed in an earlier conference version of our work, as well as additional experiments and results.      
### 92.Model Attribution of Face-swap Deepfake Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12951.pdf)
>  AI-created face-swap videos, commonly known as Deepfakes, have attracted wide attention as powerful impersonation attacks. Existing research on Deepfakes mostly focuses on binary detection to distinguish between real and fake videos. However, it is also important to determine the specific generation model for a fake video, which can help attribute it to the source for forensic investigation. In this paper, we fill this gap by studying the model attribution problem of Deepfake videos. We first introduce a new dataset with DeepFakes from Different Models (DFDM) based on several Autoencoder models. Specifically, five generation models with variations in encoder, decoder, intermediate layer, input resolution, and compression ratio have been used to generate a total of 6,450 Deepfake videos based on the same input. Then we take Deepfakes model attribution as a multiclass classification task and propose a spatial and temporal attention based method to explore the differences among Deepfakes in the new dataset. Experimental evaluation shows that most existing Deepfakes detection methods failed in Deepfakes model attribution, while the proposed method achieved over 70% accuracy on the high-quality DFDM dataset.      
### 93.OptGAN: Optimizing and Interpreting the Latent Space of the Conditional Text-to-Image GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12929.pdf)
>  Text-to-image generation intends to automatically produce a photo-realistic image, conditioned on a textual description. It can be potentially employed in the field of art creation, data augmentation, photo-editing, etc. Although many efforts have been dedicated to this task, it remains particularly challenging to generate believable, natural scenes. To facilitate the real-world applications of text-to-image synthesis, we focus on studying the following three issues: 1) How to ensure that generated samples are believable, realistic or natural? 2) How to exploit the latent space of the generator to edit a synthesized image? 3) How to improve the explainability of a text-to-image generation framework? In this work, we constructed two novel data sets (i.e., the Good &amp; Bad bird and face data sets) consisting of successful as well as unsuccessful generated samples, according to strict criteria. To effectively and efficiently acquire high-quality images by increasing the probability of generating Good latent codes, we use a dedicated Good/Bad classifier for generated images. It is based on a pre-trained front end and fine-tuned on the basis of the proposed Good &amp; Bad data set. After that, we present a novel algorithm which identifies semantically-understandable directions in the latent space of a conditional text-to-image GAN architecture by performing independent component analysis on the pre-trained weight values of the generator. Furthermore, we develop a background-flattening loss (BFL), to improve the background appearance in the edited image. Subsequently, we introduce linear interpolation analysis between pairs of keywords. This is extended into a similar triangular `linguistic' interpolation in order to take a deep look into what a text-to-image synthesis model has learned within the linguistic embeddings. Our data set is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://zenodo.org/record/6283798#.YhkN_ujMI2w" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 94.Refining Self-Supervised Learning in Imaging: Beyond Linear Metric  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12921.pdf)
>  We introduce in this paper a new statistical perspective, exploiting the Jaccard similarity metric, as a measure-based metric to effectively invoke non-linear features in the loss of self-supervised contrastive learning. Specifically, our proposed metric may be interpreted as a dependence measure between two adapted projections learned from the so-called latent representations. This is in contrast to the cosine similarity measure in the conventional contrastive learning model, which accounts for correlation information. To the best of our knowledge, this effectively non-linearly fused information embedded in the Jaccard similarity, is novel to self-supervision learning with promising results. The proposed approach is compared to two state-of-the-art self-supervised contrastive learning methods on three image datasets. We not only demonstrate its amenable applicability in current ML problems, but also its improved performance and training efficiency.      
### 95.Robust Training under Label Noise by Over-parameterization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.14026.pdf)
>  Recently, over-parameterized deep networks, with increasingly more network parameters than training samples, have dominated the performances of modern machine learning. However, when the training data is corrupted, it has been well-known that over-parameterized networks tend to overfit and do not generalize. In this work, we propose a principled approach for robust training of over-parameterized deep networks in classification tasks where a proportion of training labels are corrupted. The main idea is yet very simple: label noise is sparse and incoherent with the network learned from clean data, so we model the noise and learn to separate it from the data. Specifically, we model the label noise via another sparse over-parameterization term, and exploit implicit algorithmic regularizations to recover and separate the underlying corruptions. Remarkably, when trained using such a simple method in practice, we demonstrate state-of-the-art test accuracy against label noise on a variety of real datasets. Furthermore, our experimental results are corroborated by theory on simplified linear models, showing that exact separation between sparse noise and low-rank data can be achieved under incoherent conditions. The work opens many interesting directions for improving over-parameterized models by using sparse over-parameterization and implicit regularization.      
### 96.SUNet: Swin Transformer UNet for Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.14009.pdf)
>  Image restoration is a challenging ill-posed problem which also has been a long-standing issue. In the past few years, the convolution neural networks (CNNs) almost dominated the computer vision and had achieved considerable success in different levels of vision tasks including image restoration. However, recently the Swin Transformer-based model also shows impressive performance, even surpasses the CNN-based methods to become the state-of-the-art on high-level vision tasks. In this paper, we proposed a restoration model called SUNet which uses the Swin Transformer layer as our basic block and then is applied to UNet architecture for image denoising. The source code and pre-trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/FanChiMao/SUNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 97.Precision-medicine-toolbox: An open-source python package for facilitation of quantitative medical imaging and radiomics analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13965.pdf)
>  Medical image analysis plays a key role in precision medicine as it allows the clinicians to identify anatomical abnormalities and it is routinely used in clinical assessment. Data curation and pre-processing of medical images are critical steps in the quantitative medical image analysis that can have a significant impact on the resulting model performance. In this paper, we introduce a precision-medicine-toolbox that allows researchers to perform data curation, image pre-processing and handcrafted radiomics extraction (via Pyradiomics) and feature exploration tasks with Python. With this open-source solution, we aim to address the data preparation and exploration problem, bridge the gap between the currently existing packages, and improve the reproducibility of quantitative medical imaging research.      
### 98.ciscNet -- A Single-Branch Cell Instance Segmentation and Classification Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13960.pdf)
>  Automated cell nucleus segmentation and classification are required to assist pathologists in their decision making. The Colon Nuclei Identification and Counting Challenge 2022 (CoNIC Challenge 2022) supports the development and comparability of segmentation and classification methods for histopathological images. In this contribution, we describe our CoNIC Challenge 2022 method ciscNet to segment, classify and count cell nuclei, and report preliminary evaluation results. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.scc.kit.edu/ciscnet/ciscnet-conic-2022" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 99.Severity classification in cases of Collagen VI-related myopathy with Convolutional Neural Networks and handcrafted texture features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13853.pdf)
>  Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is a non-invasive tool for the clinical assessment of low-prevalence neuromuscular disorders. Automated diagnosis methods might reduce the need for biopsies and provide valuable information on disease follow-up. In this paper, three methods are proposed to classify target muscles in Collagen VI-related myopathy cases, based on their degree of involvement, notably a Convolutional Neural Network, a Fully Connected Network to classify texture features, and a hybrid method combining the two feature sets. The proposed methods was evaluated on axial T1-weighted Turbo Spin-Echo MRI from 26 subjects, including Ullrich Congenital Muscular Dystrophy or Bethlem Myopathy patients at different evolution stages. The best results were obtained with the hybrid model, resulting in a global accuracy of 93.8\%, and F-scores of 0.99, 0.82, and 0.95, for healthy, mild and moderate/severe cases, respectively.      
### 100.RestainNet: a self-supervised digital re-stainer for stain normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13804.pdf)
>  Color inconsistency is an inevitable challenge in computational pathology, which generally happens because of stain intensity variations or sections scanned by different scanners. It harms the pathological image analysis methods, especially the learning-based models. A series of approaches have been proposed for stain normalization. However, most of them are lack flexibility in practice. In this paper, we formulated stain normalization as a digital re-staining process and proposed a self-supervised learning model, which is called RestainNet. Our network is regarded as a digital restainer which learns how to re-stain an unstained (grayscale) image. Two digital stains, Hematoxylin (H) and Eosin (E) were extracted from the original image by Beer-Lambert's Law. We proposed a staining loss to maintain the correctness of stain intensity during the restaining process. Thanks to the self-supervised nature, paired training samples are no longer necessary, which demonstrates great flexibility in practical usage. Our RestainNet outperforms existing approaches and achieves state-of-the-art performance with regard to color correctness and structure preservation. We further conducted experiments on the segmentation and classification tasks and the proposed RestainNet achieved outstanding performance compared with SOTA methods. The self-supervised design allows the network to learn any staining style with no extra effort.      
### 101.Evaluating the Adversarial Robustness of Adaptive Test-time Defenses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13711.pdf)
>  Adaptive defenses that use test-time optimization promise to improve robustness to adversarial examples. We categorize such adaptive test-time defenses and explain their potential benefits and drawbacks. In the process, we evaluate some of the latest proposed adaptive defenses (most of them published at peer-reviewed conferences). Unfortunately, none significantly improve upon static models when evaluated appropriately. Some even weaken the underlying static model while simultaneously increasing inference cost. While these results are disappointing, we still believe that adaptive test-time defenses are a promising avenue of research and, as such, we provide recommendations on evaluating such defenses. We go beyond the checklist provided by Carlini et al. (2019) by providing concrete steps that are specific to this type of defense.      
### 102.Recent Advances and Challenges in Deep Audio-Visual Correlation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13673.pdf)
>  Audio-visual correlation learning aims to capture essential correspondences and understand natural phenomena between audio and video. With the rapid growth of deep learning, an increasing amount of attention has been paid to this emerging research issue. Through the past few years, various methods and datasets have been proposed for audio-visual correlation learning, which motivate us to conclude a comprehensive survey. This survey paper focuses on state-of-the-art (SOTA) models used to learn correlations between audio and video, but also discusses some tasks of definition and paradigm applied in AI multimedia. In addition, we investigate some objective functions frequently used for optimizing audio-visual correlation learning models and discuss how audio-visual data is exploited in the optimization process. Most importantly, we provide an extensive comparison and summarization of the recent progress of SOTA audio-visual correlation learning and discuss future research directions.      
### 103.Avalanche RL: a Continual Reinforcement Learning Library  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13657.pdf)
>  Continual Reinforcement Learning (CRL) is a challenging setting where an agent learns to interact with an environment that is constantly changing over time (the stream of experiences). In this paper, we describe Avalanche RL, a library for Continual Reinforcement Learning which allows to easily train agents on a continuous stream of tasks. Avalanche RL is based on PyTorch and supports any OpenAI Gym environment. Its design is based on Avalanche, one of the more popular continual learning libraries, which allow us to reuse a large number of continual learning strategies and improve the interaction between reinforcement learning and continual learning researchers. Additionally, we propose Continual Habitat-Lab, a novel benchmark and a high-level library which enables the usage of the photorealistic simulator Habitat-Sim for CRL research. Overall, Avalanche RL attempts to unify under a common framework continual reinforcement learning applications, which we hope will foster the growth of the field.      
### 104.Enhance transferability of adversarial examples with model architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13625.pdf)
>  Transferability of adversarial examples is of critical importance to launch black-box adversarial attacks, where attackers are only allowed to access the output of the target model. However, under such a challenging but practical setting, the crafted adversarial examples are always prone to overfitting to the proxy model employed, presenting poor transferability. In this paper, we suggest alleviating the overfitting issue from a novel perspective, i.e., designing a fitted model architecture. Specifically, delving the bottom of the cause of poor transferability, we arguably decompose and reconstruct the existing model architecture into an effective model architecture, namely multi-track model architecture (MMA). The adversarial examples crafted on the MMA can maximumly relieve the effect of model-specified features to it and toward the vulnerable directions adopted by diverse architectures. Extensive experimental evaluation demonstrates that the transferability of adversarial examples based on the MMA significantly surpass other state-of-the-art model architectures by up to 40% with comparable overhead.      
### 105.Weakly Supervised Disentangled Representation for Goal-conditioned Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13624.pdf)
>  Goal-conditioned reinforcement learning is a crucial yet challenging algorithm which enables agents to achieve multiple user-specified goals when learning a set of skills in a dynamic environment. However, it typically requires millions of the environmental interactions explored by agents, which is sample-inefficient. In the paper, we propose a skill learning framework DR-GRL that aims to improve the sample efficiency and policy generalization by combining the Disentangled Representation learning and Goal-conditioned visual Reinforcement Learning. In a weakly supervised manner, we propose a Spatial Transform AutoEncoder (STAE) to learn an interpretable and controllable representation in which different parts correspond to different object attributes (shape, color, position). Due to the high controllability of the representations, STAE can simply recombine and recode the representations to generate unseen goals for agents to practice themselves. The manifold structure of the learned representation maintains consistency with the physical position, which is beneficial for reward calculation. We empirically demonstrate that DR-GRL significantly outperforms the previous methods in sample efficiency and policy generalization. In addition, DR-GRL is also easy to expand to the real robot.      
### 106.Using Multi-scale SwinTransformer-HTC with Data augmentation in CoNIC Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13588.pdf)
>  Colorectal cancer is one of the most common cancers worldwide, so early pathological examination is very important. However, it is time-consuming and labor-intensive to identify the number and type of cells on H&amp;E images in clinical. Therefore, automatic segmentation and classification task and counting the cellular composition of H&amp;E images from pathological sections is proposed by CoNIC Challenge 2022. We proposed a multi-scale Swin transformer with HTC for this challenge, and also applied the known normalization methods to generate more augmentation data. Finally, our strategy showed that the multi-scale played a crucial role to identify different scale features and the augmentation arose the recognition of model.      
### 107.ConvNeXt-backbone HoVerNet for nuclei segmentation and classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13560.pdf)
>  This manuscript gives a brief description of the algorithm used to participate in CoNIC Challenge 2022. We first try out Deeplab-v3+ and Swin-Transformer for semantic segmentation. After the baseline was made available, we follow the method in it and replace the ResNet baseline with ConvNeXtone. Results on validation set shows that even with channel ofeach stage significant smaller in number, it still improves the mPQ+ by 0.04 and multi r2 by 0.0144.      
### 108.Towards A Device-Independent Deep Learning Approach for the Automated Segmentation of Sonographic Fetal Brain Structures: A Multi-Center and Multi-Device Validation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13553.pdf)
>  Quality assessment of prenatal ultrasonography is essential for the screening of fetal central nervous system (CNS) anomalies. The interpretation of fetal brain structures is highly subjective, expertise-driven, and requires years of training experience, limiting quality prenatal care for all pregnant mothers. With recent advancement in Artificial Intelligence (AI), specifically deep learning (DL), assistance in precise anatomy identification through semantic segmentation essential for the reliable assessment of growth and neurodevelopment, and detection of structural abnormalities have been proposed. However, existing works only identify certain structures (e.g., cavum septum pellucidum, lateral ventricles, cerebellum) from either of the axial views (transventricular, transcerebellar), limiting the scope for a thorough anatomical assessment as per practice guidelines necessary for the screening of CNS anomalies. Further, existing works do not analyze the generalizability of these DL algorithms across images from multiple ultrasound devices and centers, thus, limiting their real-world clinical impact. In this study, we propose a DL based segmentation framework for the automated segmentation of 10 key fetal brain structures from 2 axial planes from fetal brain USG images (2D). We developed a custom U-Net variant that uses inceptionv4 block as a feature extractor and leverages custom domain-specific data augmentation. Quantitatively, the mean (10 structures; test sets 1/2/3/4) Dice-coefficients were: 0.827, 0.802, 0.731, 0.783. Irrespective of the USG device/center, the DL segmentations were qualitatively comparable to their manual segmentations. The proposed DL system offered a promising and generalizable performance (multi-centers, multi-device) and also presents evidence in support of device-induced variation in image quality (a challenge to generalizibility) by using UMAP analysis.      
### 109.CTformer: Convolution-free Token2Token Dilated Vision Transformer for Low-dose CT Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13517.pdf)
>  Low-dose computed tomography (LDCT) denoising is an important problem in CT research. Compared to the normal dose CT (NDCT), LDCT images are subjected to severe noise and artifacts. Recently in many studies, vision transformers have shown superior feature representation ability over convolutional neural networks (CNNs). However, unlike CNNs, the potential of vision transformers in LDCT denoising was little explored so far. To fill this gap, we propose a Convolution-free Token2Token Dilated Vision Transformer for low-dose CT denoising. The CTformer uses a more powerful token rearrangement to encompass local contextual information and thus avoids convolution. It also dilates and shifts feature maps to capture longer-range interaction. We interpret the CTformer by statically inspecting patterns of its internal attention maps and dynamically tracing the hierarchical attention flow with an explanatory graph. Furthermore, an overlapped inference mechanism is introduced to effectively eliminate the boundary artifacts that are common for encoder-decoder-based denoising models. Experimental results on Mayo LDCT dataset suggest that the CTformer outperforms the state-of-the-art denoising methods with a low computation overhead.      
### 110.Interpretable Concept-based Prototypical Networks for Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13474.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning aims at recognizing new instances from classes with limited samples. This challenging task is usually alleviated by performing meta-learning on similar tasks. However, the resulting models are black-boxes. There has been growing concerns about deploying black-box machine learning models and FSL is not an exception in this regard. In this paper, we propose a method for FSL based on a set of human-interpretable concepts. It constructs a set of metric spaces associated with the concepts and classifies samples of novel classes by aggregating concept-specific decisions. The proposed method does not require concept annotations for query samples. This interpretable method achieved results on a par with six previously state-of-the-art black-box FSL methods on the CUB fine-grained bird classification dataset.      
### 111.The Spectral Bias of Polynomial Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13473.pdf)
>  Polynomial neural networks (PNNs) have been recently shown to be particularly effective at image generation and face recognition, where high-frequency information is critical. Previous studies have revealed that neural networks demonstrate a $\textit{spectral bias}$ towards low-frequency functions, which yields faster learning of low-frequency components during training. Inspired by such studies, we conduct a spectral analysis of the Neural Tangent Kernel (NTK) of PNNs. We find that the $\Pi$-Net family, i.e., a recently proposed parametrization of PNNs, speeds up the learning of the higher frequencies. We verify the theoretical bias through extensive experiments. We expect our analysis to provide novel insights into designing architectures and learning frameworks by incorporating multiplicative interactions via polynomials.      
### 112.A Unified Wasserstein Distributional Robustness Framework for Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13437.pdf)
>  It is well-known that deep neural networks (DNNs) are susceptible to adversarial attacks, exposing a severe fragility of deep learning systems. As the result, adversarial training (AT) method, by incorporating adversarial examples during training, represents a natural and effective approach to strengthen the robustness of a DNN-based classifier. However, most AT-based methods, notably PGD-AT and TRADES, typically seek a pointwise adversary that generates the worst-case adversarial example by independently perturbing each data sample, as a way to "probe" the vulnerability of the classifier. Arguably, there are unexplored benefits in considering such adversarial effects from an entire distribution. To this end, this paper presents a unified framework that connects Wasserstein distributional robustness with current state-of-the-art AT methods. We introduce a new Wasserstein cost function and a new series of risk functions, with which we show that standard AT methods are special cases of their counterparts in our framework. This connection leads to an intuitive relaxation and generalization of existing AT methods and facilitates the development of a new family of distributional robustness AT-based algorithms. Extensive experiments show that our distributional robustness AT algorithms robustify further their standard AT counterparts in various settings.      
### 113.Meta-path Analysis on Spatio-Temporal Graphs for Pedestrian Trajectory Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13427.pdf)
>  Spatio-temporal graphs (ST-graphs) have been used to model time series tasks such as traffic forecasting, human motion modeling, and action recognition. The high-level structure and corresponding features from ST-graphs have led to improved performance over traditional architectures. However, current methods tend to be limited by simple features, despite the rich information provided by the full graph structure, which leads to inefficiencies and suboptimal performance in downstream tasks. We propose the use of features derived from meta-paths, walks across different types of edges, in ST-graphs to improve the performance of Structural Recurrent Neural Network. In this paper, we present the Meta-path Enhanced Structural Recurrent Neural Network (MESRNN), a generic framework that can be applied to any spatio-temporal task in a simple and scalable manner. We employ MESRNN for pedestrian trajectory prediction, utilizing these meta-path based features to capture the relationships between the trajectories of pedestrians at different points in time and space. We compare our MESRNN against state-of-the-art ST-graph methods on standard datasets to show the performance boost provided by meta-path information. The proposed model consistently outperforms the baselines in trajectory prediction over long time horizons by over 32\%, and produces more socially compliant trajectories in dense crowds. For more information please refer to the project website at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/illinois.edu/mesrnn/home" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 114.Weakly Supervised Learning for cell recognition in immunohistochemical cytoplasm staining images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13372.pdf)
>  Cell classification and counting in immunohistochemical cytoplasm staining images play a pivotal role in cancer diagnosis. Weakly supervised learning is a potential method to deal with labor-intensive labeling. However, the inconstant cell morphology and subtle differences between classes also bring challenges. To this end, we present a novel cell recognition framework based on multi-task learning, which utilizes two additional auxiliary tasks to guide robust representation learning of the main task. To deal with misclassification, the tissue prior learning branch is introduced to capture the spatial representation of tumor cells without additional tissue annotation. Moreover, dynamic masks and consistency learning are adopted to learn the invariance of cell scale and shape. We have evaluated our framework on immunohistochemical cytoplasm staining images, and the results demonstrate that our method outperforms recent cell recognition approaches. Besides, we have also done some ablation studies to show significant improvements after adding the auxiliary branches.      
### 115.Data Overlap: A Prerequisite For Disentanglement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13341.pdf)
>  Learning disentangled representations with variational autoencoders (VAEs) is often attributed to the regularisation component of the loss. In this work, we highlight the interaction between data and the reconstruction term of the loss as the main contributor to disentanglement in VAEs. We note that standardised benchmark datasets are constructed in a way that is conducive to learning what appear to be disentangled representations. We design an intuitive adversarial dataset that exploits this mechanism to break existing state-of-the-art disentanglement frameworks. Finally, we provide solutions in the form of a modified reconstruction loss suggesting that VAEs are accidental distance learners.      
### 116.Topology-Preserving Segmentation Network: A Deep Learning Segmentation Framework for Connected Component  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13331.pdf)
>  Medical image segmentation, which aims to automatically extract anatomical or pathological structures, plays a key role in computer-aided diagnosis and disease analysis. Despite the problem has been widely studied, existing methods are prone to topological errors. In medical imaging, the topology of the structure, such as the kidney or lung, is usually known. Preserving the topology of the structure in the segmentation process is of utmost importance for accurate image analysis. In this work, a novel learning-based segmentation model is proposed. A {\it topology-preserving segmentation network (TPSN)} is trained to give an accurate segmentation result of an input image that preserves the prescribed topology. TPSN is a deformation-based model that yields a deformation map through a UNet, which takes the medical image and a template mask as inputs. The main idea is to deform a template mask describing the prescribed topology by a diffeomorphism to segment the object in the image. The topology of the shape in the template mask is well preserved under the diffeomorphic map. The diffeomorphic property of the map is controlled by introducing a regularization term related to the Jacobian in the loss function. As such, a topology-preserving segmentation result can be guaranteed. Furthermore, a multi-scale TPSN is developed in this paper that incorporates multi-level information of images to produce more precise segmentation results. To evaluate our method, we applied the 2D TPSN on Ham10000 and 3D TPSN on KiTS21. Experimental results illustrate our method outperforms the baseline UNet segmentation model with/without connected-component analysis (CCA) by both the dice score and IoU score. Besides, results show that our method can produce reliable results even in challenging cases, where pixel-wise segmentation models by UNet and CCA fail to obtain accurate results.      
### 117.DXM-TransFuse U-net: Dual Cross-Modal Transformer Fusion U-net for Automated Nerve Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13304.pdf)
>  Accurate nerve identification is critical during surgical procedures for preventing any damages to nerve tissues. Nerve injuries can lead to long-term detrimental effects for patients as well as financial overburdens. In this study, we develop a deep-learning network framework using the U-Net architecture with a Transformer block based fusion module at the bottleneck to identify nerve tissues from a multi-modal optical imaging system. By leveraging and extracting the feature maps of each modality independently and using each modalities information for cross-modal interactions, we aim to provide a solution that would further increase the effectiveness of the imaging systems for enabling the noninvasive intraoperative nerve identification.      
### 118.On-chip QNN: Towards Efficient On-Chip Training of Quantum Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13239.pdf)
>  Quantum Neural Network (QNN) is drawing increasing research interest thanks to its potential to achieve quantum advantage on near-term Noisy Intermediate Scale Quantum (NISQ) hardware. In order to achieve scalable QNN learning, the training process needs to be offloaded to real quantum machines instead of using exponential-cost classical simulators. One common approach to obtain QNN gradients is parameter shift whose cost scales linearly with the number of qubits. We present On-chip QNN, the first experimental demonstration of practical on-chip QNN training with parameter shift. Nevertheless, we find that due to the significant quantum errors (noises) on real machines, gradients obtained from naive parameter shift have low fidelity and thus degrade the training accuracy. To this end, we further propose probabilistic gradient pruning to firstly identify gradients with potentially large errors and then remove them. Specifically, small gradients have larger relative errors than large ones, thus having a higher probability to be pruned. We perform extensive experiments on 5 classification tasks with 5 real quantum machines. The results demonstrate that our on-chip training achieves over 90% and 60% accuracy for 2-class and 4-class image classification tasks. The probabilistic gradient pruning brings up to 7% QNN accuracy improvements over no pruning. Overall, we successfully obtain similar on-chip training accuracy compared with noise-free simulation but have much better training scalability. The code for parameter shift on-chip training is available in the TorchQuantum library.      
### 119.Dropout can Simulate Exponential Number of Models for Sample Selection Techniques  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13203.pdf)
>  Following Coteaching, generally in the literature, two models are used in sample selection based approaches for training with noisy labels. Meanwhile, it is also well known that Dropout when present in a network trains an ensemble of sub-networks. We show how to leverage this property of Dropout to train an exponential number of shared models, by training a single model with Dropout. We show how we can modify existing two model-based sample selection methodologies to use an exponential number of shared models. Not only is it more convenient to use a single model with Dropout, but this approach also combines the natural benefits of Dropout with that of training an exponential number of models, leading to improved results.      
### 120.Relational Surrogate Loss Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13197.pdf)
>  Evaluation metrics in machine learning are often hardly taken as loss functions, as they could be non-differentiable and non-decomposable, e.g., average precision and F1 score. This paper aims to address this problem by revisiting the surrogate loss learning, where a deep neural network is employed to approximate the evaluation metrics. Instead of pursuing an exact recovery of the evaluation metric through a deep neural network, we are reminded of the purpose of the existence of these evaluation metrics, which is to distinguish whether one model is better or worse than another. In this paper, we show that directly maintaining the relation of models between surrogate losses and metrics suffices, and propose a rank correlation-based optimization method to maximize this relation and learn surrogate losses. Compared to previous works, our method is much easier to optimize and enjoys significant efficiency and performance gains. Extensive experiments show that our method achieves improvements on various tasks including image classification and neural machine translation, and even outperforms state-of-the-art methods on human pose estimation and machine reading comprehension tasks. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hunto/ReLoss" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 121.Multi-image Super-resolution via Quality Map Associated Temporal Attention Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13124.pdf)
>  With the rising interest in deep learning-based methods in remote sensing, neural networks have made remarkable advancements in multi-image fusion and super-resolution. To fully exploit the advantages of multi-image super-resolution, temporal attention is crucial as it allows a model to focus on reliable features rather than noises. Despite the presence of quality maps (QMs) that indicate noises in images, most of the methods tested in the PROBA-V dataset have not been used QMs for temporal attention. We present a quality map associated temporal attention network (QA-Net), a novel method that incorporates QMs into both feature representation and fusion processes for the first time. Low-resolution features are temporally attended by QM features in repeated multi-head attention modules. The proposed method achieved state-of-the-art results in the PROBA-V dataset.      
### 122.Semantic Supervision: Enabling Generalization over Output Spaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13100.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose Semantic Supervision (SemSup) - a unified paradigm for training classifiers that generalize over output spaces. In contrast to standard classification, which treats classes as discrete symbols, SemSup represents them as dense vector features obtained from descriptions of classes (e.g., "The cat is a small carnivorous mammal"). This allows the output space to be unbounded (in the space of descriptions) and enables models to generalize both over unseen inputs and unseen outputs (e.g. "The aardvark is a nocturnal burrowing mammal with long ears"). Specifically, SemSup enables four types of generalization, to -- (1) unseen class descriptions, (2) unseen classes, (3) unseen super-classes, and (4) unseen tasks. Through experiments on four classification datasets across two variants (multi-class and multi-label), two input modalities (text and images), and two output description modalities (text and JSON), we show that our SemSup models significantly outperform standard supervised models and existing models that leverage word embeddings over class names. For instance, our model outperforms baselines by 40% and 20% precision points on unseen descriptions and classes, respectively, on a news categorization dataset (RCV1). SemSup can serve as a pathway for scaling neural models to large unbounded output spaces and enabling better generalization and model reuse for unseen tasks and domains.      
### 123.Generalized Label Shift Correction via Minimum Uncertainty Principle: Theory and Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.13043.pdf)
>  As a fundamental problem in machine learning, dataset shift induces a paradigm to learn and transfer knowledge under changing environment. Previous methods assume the changes are induced by covariate, which is less practical for complex real-world data. We consider the Generalized Label Shift (GLS), which provides an interpretable insight into the learning and transfer of desirable knowledge. Current GLS methods: 1) are not well-connected with the statistical learning theory; 2) usually assume the shifting conditional distributions will be matched with an implicit transformation, but its explicit modeling is unexplored. In this paper, we propose a conditional adaptation framework to deal with these challenges. From the perspective of learning theory, we prove that the generalization error of conditional adaptation is lower than previous covariate adaptation. Following the theoretical results, we propose the minimum uncertainty principle to learn conditional invariant transformation via discrepancy optimization. Specifically, we propose the \textit{conditional metric operator} on Hilbert space to characterize the distinctness of conditional distributions. For finite observations, we prove that the empirical estimation is always well-defined and will converge to underlying truth as sample size increases. The results of extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed model achieves competitive performance under different GLS scenarios.      
### 124.A Brief Survey on Adaptive Video Streaming Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12987.pdf)
>  Quality of experience (QoE) assessment for adaptive video streaming plays a significant role in advanced network management systems. It is especially challenging in case of dynamic adaptive streaming schemes over HTTP (DASH) which has increasingly complex characteristics including additional playback issues. In this paper, we provide a brief overview of adaptive video streaming quality assessment. Upon our review of related works, we analyze and compare different variations of objective QoE assessment models with or without using machine learning techniques for adaptive video streaming. Through the performance analysis, we observe that hybrid models perform better than both quality-of-service (QoS) driven QoE approaches and signal fidelity measurement. Moreover, the machine learning-based model slightly outperforms the model without using machine learning for the same setting. In addition, we find that existing video streaming QoE assessment models still have limited performance, which makes it difficult to be applied in practical communication systems. Therefore, based on the success of deep learned feature representations for traditional video quality prediction, we also apply the off-the-shelf deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) to evaluate the perceptual quality of streaming videos, where the spatio-temporal properties of streaming videos are taken into consideration. Experiments demonstrate its superiority, which sheds light on the future development of specifically designed deep learning frameworks for adaptive video streaming quality assessment. We believe this survey can serve as a guideline for QoE assessment of adaptive video streaming.      
### 125.Image reconstruction algorithms in radio interferometry: from handcrafted to learned denoisers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12959.pdf)
>  We introduce a new class of iterative image reconstruction algorithms for radio interferometry, at the interface of convex optimization and deep learning, inspired by plug-and-play methods. The approach consists in learning a prior image model by training a deep neural network (DNN) as a denoiser, and substituting it for the handcrafted proximal regularization operator of an optimization algorithm. The proposed AIRI ("AI for Regularization in Radio-Interferometric Imaging") framework, for imaging complex intensity structure with diffuse and faint emission, inherits the robustness and interpretability of optimization, and the learning power and speed of networks. Our approach relies on three steps. Firstly, we design a low dynamic range database for supervised training from optical intensity images. Secondly, we train a DNN denoiser with basic architecture ensuring positivity of the output image, at a noise level inferred from the signal-to-noise ratio of the data. We use either $\ell_2$ or $\ell_1$ training losses, enhanced with a nonexpansiveness term ensuring algorithm convergence, and including on-the-fly database dynamic range enhancement via exponentiation. Thirdly, we plug the learned denoiser into the forward-backward optimization algorithm, resulting in a simple iterative structure alternating a denoising step with a gradient-descent data-fidelity step. The resulting AIRI-$\ell_2$ and AIRI-$\ell_1$ were validated against CLEAN and optimization algorithms of the SARA family, propelled by the "average sparsity" proximal regularization operator. Simulation results show that these first AIRI incarnations are competitive in imaging quality with SARA and its unconstrained forward-backward-based version uSARA, while providing significant acceleration. CLEAN remains faster but offers lower reconstruction quality.      
### 126.Multi-View Fusion Transformer for Sensor-Based Human Activity Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12949.pdf)
>  As a fundamental problem in ubiquitous computing and machine learning, sensor-based human activity recognition (HAR) has drawn extensive attention and made great progress in recent years. HAR aims to recognize human activities based on the availability of rich time-series data collected from multi-modal sensors such as accelerometers and gyroscopes. However, recent deep learning methods are focusing on one view of the data, i.e., the temporal view, while shallow methods tend to utilize the hand-craft features for recognition, e.g., the statistics view. In this paper, to extract a better feature for advancing the performance, we propose a novel method, namely multi-view fusion transformer (MVFT) along with a novel attention mechanism. First, MVFT encodes three views of information, i.e., the temporal, frequent, and statistical views to generate multi-view features. Second, the novel attention mechanism uncovers inner- and cross-view clues to catalyze mutual interactions between three views for detailed relation modeling. Moreover, extensive experiments on two datasets illustrate the superiority of our methods over several state-of-the-art methods.      
