# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 27 Jan 2022
### 1.Natural Language Descriptions of Deep Visual Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11114.pdf)
>  Some neurons in deep networks specialize in recognizing highly specific perceptual, structural, or semantic features of inputs. In computer vision, techniques exist for identifying neurons that respond to individual concept categories like colors, textures, and object classes. But these techniques are limited in scope, labeling only a small subset of neurons and behaviors in any network. Is a richer characterization of neuron-level computation possible? We introduce a procedure (called MILAN, for mutual-information-guided linguistic annotation of neurons) that automatically labels neurons with open-ended, compositional, natural language descriptions. Given a neuron, MILAN generates a description by searching for a natural language string that maximizes pointwise mutual information with the image regions in which the neuron is active. MILAN produces fine-grained descriptions that capture categorical, relational, and logical structure in learned features. These descriptions obtain high agreement with human-generated feature descriptions across a diverse set of model architectures and tasks, and can aid in understanding and controlling learned models. We highlight three applications of natural language neuron descriptions. First, we use MILAN for analysis, characterizing the distribution and importance of neurons selective for attribute, category, and relational information in vision models. Second, we use MILAN for auditing, surfacing neurons sensitive to protected categories like race and gender in models trained on datasets intended to obscure these features. Finally, we use MILAN for editing, improving robustness in an image classifier by deleting neurons sensitive to text features spuriously correlated with class labels.      
### 2.Auto-Compressing Subset Pruning for Semantic Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11103.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art semantic segmentation models are characterized by high parameter counts and slow inference times, making them unsuitable for deployment in resource-constrained environments. To address this challenge, we propose \textsc{Auto-Compressing Subset Pruning}, \acosp, as a new online compression method. The core of \acosp consists of learning a channel selection mechanism for individual channels of each convolution in the segmentation model based on an effective temperature annealing schedule. We show a crucial interplay between providing a high-capacity model at the beginning of training and the compression pressure forcing the model to compress concepts into retained channels. We apply \acosp to \segnet and \pspnet architectures and show its success when trained on the \camvid, \city, \voc, and \ade datasets. The results are competitive with existing baselines for compression of segmentation models at low compression ratios and outperform them significantly at high compression ratios, yielding acceptable results even when removing more than $93\%$ of the parameters. In addition, \acosp is conceptually simple, easy to implement, and can readily be generalized to other data modalities, tasks, and architectures. Our code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/merantix/acosp" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 3.Adaptive Instance Distillation for Object Detection in Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11097.pdf)
>  In recent years, knowledge distillation (KD) has been widely used as an effective way to derive efficient models. Through imitating a large teacher model, a lightweight student model can achieve comparable performance with more efficiency. However, most existing knowledge distillation methods are focused on classification tasks. Only a limited number of studies have applied knowledge distillation to object detection, especially in time-sensitive autonomous driving scenarios. We propose the Adaptive Instance Distillation (AID) method to selectively impart knowledge from the teacher to the student for improving the performance of knowledge distillation. Unlike previous KD methods that treat all instances equally, our AID can attentively adjust the distillation weights of instances based on the teacher model's prediction loss. We verified the effectiveness of our AID method through experiments on the KITTI and the COCO traffic datasets. The results show that our method improves the performance of existing state-of-the-art attention-guided and non-local distillation methods and achieves better distillation results on both single-stage and two-stage detectors. Compared to the baseline, our AID led to an average of 2.7% and 2.05% mAP increases for single-stage and two-stage detectors, respectively. Furthermore, our AID is also shown to be useful for self-distillation to improve the teacher model's performance.      
### 4.Self-attention fusion for audiovisual emotion recognition with incomplete data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11095.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider the problem of multimodal data analysis with a use case of audiovisual emotion recognition. We propose an architecture capable of learning from raw data and describe three variants of it with distinct modality fusion mechanisms. While most of the previous works consider the ideal scenario of presence of both modalities at all times during inference, we evaluate the robustness of the model in the unconstrained settings where one modality is absent or noisy, and propose a method to mitigate these limitations in a form of modality dropout. Most importantly, we find that following this approach not only improves performance drastically under the absence/noisy representations of one modality, but also improves the performance in a standard ideal setting, outperforming the competing methods.      
### 5.Self-Attention Neural Bag-of-Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11092.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose several attention formulations for multivariate sequence data. We build on top of the recently introduced 2D-Attention and reformulate the attention learning methodology by quantifying the relevance of feature/temporal dimensions through latent spaces based on self-attention rather than learning them directly. In addition, we propose a joint feature-temporal attention mechanism that learns a joint 2D attention mask highlighting relevant information without treating feature and temporal representations independently. The proposed approaches can be used in various architectures and we specifically evaluate their application together with Neural Bag of Features feature extraction module. Experiments on several sequence data analysis tasks show the improved performance yielded by our approach compared to standard methods.      
### 6.Momentum Capsule Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11091.pdf)
>  Capsule networks are a class of neural networks that achieved promising results on many computer vision tasks. However, baseline capsule networks have failed to reach state-of-the-art results on more complex datasets due to the high computation and memory requirements. We tackle this problem by proposing a new network architecture, called Momentum Capsule Network (MoCapsNet). MoCapsNets are inspired by Momentum ResNets, a type of network that applies reversible residual building blocks. Reversible networks allow for recalculating activations of the forward pass in the backpropagation algorithm, so those memory requirements can be drastically reduced. In this paper, we provide a framework on how invertible residual building blocks can be applied to capsule networks. We will show that MoCapsNet beats the accuracy of baseline capsule networks on MNIST, SVHN and CIFAR-10 while using considerably less memory. The source code is available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/moejoe95/MoCapsNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.Evaluating language-biased image classification based on semantic representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11014.pdf)
>  Humans show language-biased image recognition for a word-embedded image, known as picture-word interference. Such interference depends on hierarchical semantic categories and reflects that human language processing highly interacts with visual processing. Similar to humans, recent artificial models jointly trained on texts and images, e.g., OpenAI CLIP, show language-biased image classification. Exploring whether the bias leads to interferences similar to those observed in humans can contribute to understanding how much the model acquires hierarchical semantic representations from joint learning of language and vision. The present study introduces methodological tools from the cognitive science literature to assess the biases of artificial models. Specifically, we introduce a benchmark task to test whether words superimposed on images can distort the image classification across different category levels and, if it can, whether the perturbation is due to the shared semantic representation between language and vision. Our dataset is a set of word-embedded images and consists of a mixture of natural image datasets and hierarchical word labels with superordinate/basic category levels. Using this benchmark test, we evaluate the CLIP model. We show that presenting words distorts the image classification by the model across different category levels, but the effect does not depend on the semantic relationship between images and embedded words. This suggests that the semantic word representation in the CLIP visual processing is not shared with the image representation, although the word representation strongly dominates for word-embedded images.      
### 8.An Overview of Compressible and Learnable Image Transformation with Secret Key and Its Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11006.pdf)
>  This article presents an overview of image transformation with a secret key and its applications. Image transformation with a secret key enables us not only to protect visual information on plain images but also to embed unique features controlled with a key into images. In addition, numerous encryption methods can generate encrypted images that are compressible and learnable for machine learning. Various applications of such transformation have been developed by using these properties. In this paper, we focus on a class of image transformation referred to as learnable image encryption, which is applicable to privacy-preserving machine learning and adversarially robust defense. Detailed descriptions of both transformation algorithms and performances are provided. Moreover, we discuss robustness against various attacks.      
### 9.Learning To Recognize Procedural Activities with Distant Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10990.pdf)
>  In this paper we consider the problem of classifying fine-grained, multi-step activities (e.g., cooking different recipes, making disparate home improvements, creating various forms of arts and crafts) from long videos spanning up to several minutes. Accurately categorizing these activities requires not only recognizing the individual steps that compose the task but also capturing their temporal dependencies. This problem is dramatically different from traditional action classification, where models are typically optimized on videos that span only a few seconds and that are manually trimmed to contain simple atomic actions. While step annotations could enable the training of models to recognize the individual steps of procedural activities, existing large-scale datasets in this area do not include such segment labels due to the prohibitive cost of manually annotating temporal boundaries in long videos. To address this issue, we propose to automatically identify steps in instructional videos by leveraging the distant supervision of a textual knowledge base (wikiHow) that includes detailed descriptions of the steps needed for the execution of a wide variety of complex activities. Our method uses a language model to match noisy, automatically-transcribed speech from the video to step descriptions in the knowledge base. We demonstrate that video models trained to recognize these automatically-labeled steps (without manual supervision) yield a representation that achieves superior generalization performance on four downstream tasks: recognition of procedural activities, step classification, step forecasting and egocentric video classification.      
### 10.Jalisco's multiclass land cover analysis and classification using a novel lightweight convnet with real-world multispectral and relief data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10985.pdf)
>  The understanding of global climate change, agriculture resilience, and deforestation control rely on the timely observations of the Land Use and Land Cover Change (LULCC). Recently, some deep learning (DL) methods have been adapted to make an automatic classification of Land Cover (LC) for global and homogeneous data. However, most of these DL models can not apply effectively to real-world data. i.e. a large number of classes, multi-seasonal data, diverse climate regions, high imbalance label dataset, and low-spatial resolution. In this work, we present our novel lightweight (only 89k parameters) Convolution Neural Network (ConvNet) to make LC classification and analysis to handle these problems for the Jalisco region. In contrast to the global approaches, the regional data provide the context-specificity that is required for policymakers to plan the land use and management, conservation areas, or ecosystem services. In this work, we combine three real-world open data sources to obtain 13 channels. Our embedded analysis anticipates the limited performance in some classes and gives us the opportunity to group the most similar, as a result, the test accuracy performance increase from 73 % to 83 %. We hope that this research helps other regional groups with limited data sources or computational resources to attain the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) concerning Life on Land.      
### 11.How Robust are Discriminatively Trained Zero-Shot Learning Models?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10972.pdf)
>  Data shift robustness has been primarily investigated from a fully supervised perspective, and robustness of zero-shot learning (ZSL) models have been largely neglected. In this paper, we present novel analyses on the robustness of discriminative ZSL to image corruptions. We subject several ZSL models to a large set of common corruptions and defenses. In order to realize the corruption analysis, we curate and release the first ZSL corruption robustness datasets SUN-C, CUB-C and AWA2-C. We analyse our results by taking into account the dataset characteristics, class imbalance, class transitions between seen and unseen classes and the discrepancies between ZSL and GZSL performances. Our results show that discriminative ZSL suffers from corruptions and this trend is further exacerbated by the severe class imbalance and model weakness inherent in ZSL methods. We then combine our findings with those based on adversarial attacks in ZSL, and highlight the different effects of corruptions and adversarial examples, such as the pseudo-robustness effect present under adversarial attacks. We also obtain new strong baselines for both models with the defense methods. Finally, our experiments show that although existing methods to improve robustness somewhat work for ZSL models, they do not produce a tangible effect.      
### 12.Learning to Compose Diversified Prompts for Image Emotion Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10963.pdf)
>  Contrastive Language-Image Pre-training (CLIP) represents the latest incarnation of pre-trained vision-language models. Although CLIP has recently shown its superior power on a wide range of downstream vision-language tasks like Visual Question Answering, it is still underexplored for Image Emotion Classification (IEC). Adapting CLIP to the IEC task has three significant challenges, tremendous training objective gap between pretraining and IEC, shared suboptimal and invariant prompts for all instances. In this paper, we propose a general framework that shows how CLIP can be effectively applied to IEC. We first introduce a prompt tuning method that mimics the pretraining objective of CLIP and thus can leverage the rich image and text semantics entailed in CLIP. Then we automatically compose instance-specific prompts by conditioning them on the categories and image contents of instances, diversifying prompts and avoiding suboptimal problems. Evaluations on six widely-used affective datasets demonstrate that our proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods to a large margin (i.e., up to 9.29% accuracy gain on EmotionROI dataset) on IEC tasks, with only a few parameters trained. Our codes will be publicly available for research purposes.      
### 13.Dual-Tasks Siamese Transformer Framework for Building Damage Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10953.pdf)
>  Accurate and fine-grained information about the extent of damage to buildings is essential for humanitarian relief and disaster response. However, as the most commonly used architecture in remote sensing interpretation tasks, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have limited ability to model the non-local relationship between pixels. Recently, Transformer architecture first proposed for modeling long-range dependency in natural language processing has shown promising results in computer vision tasks. Considering the frontier advances of Transformer architecture in the computer vision field, in this paper, we present the first attempt at designing a Transformer-based damage assessment architecture (DamFormer). In DamFormer, a siamese Transformer encoder is first constructed to extract non-local and representative deep features from input multitemporal image-pairs. Then, a multitemporal fusion module is designed to fuse information for downstream tasks. Finally, a lightweight dual-tasks decoder aggregates multi-level features for final prediction. To the best of our knowledge, it is the first time that such a deep Transformer-based network is proposed for multitemporal remote sensing interpretation tasks. The experimental results on the large-scale damage assessment dataset xBD demonstrate the potential of the Transformer-based architecture.      
### 14.Event-based Video Reconstruction via Potential-assisted Spiking Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10943.pdf)
>  Neuromorphic vision sensor is a new bio-inspired imaging paradigm that reports asynchronous, continuously per-pixel brightness changes called `events' with high temporal resolution and high dynamic range. So far, the event-based image reconstruction methods are based on artificial neural networks (ANN) or hand-crafted spatiotemporal smoothing techniques. In this paper, we first implement the image reconstruction work via fully spiking neural network (SNN) architecture. As the bio-inspired neural networks, SNNs operating with asynchronous binary spikes distributed over time, can potentially lead to greater computational efficiency on event-driven hardware. We propose a novel Event-based Video reconstruction framework based on a fully Spiking Neural Network (EVSNN), which utilizes Leaky-Integrate-and-Fire (LIF) neuron and Membrane Potential (MP) neuron. We find that the spiking neurons have the potential to store useful temporal information (memory) to complete such time-dependent tasks. Furthermore, to better utilize the temporal information, we propose a hybrid potential-assisted framework (PA-EVSNN) using the membrane potential of spiking neuron. The proposed neuron is referred as Adaptive Membrane Potential (AMP) neuron, which adaptively updates the membrane potential according to the input spikes. The experimental results demonstrate that our models achieve comparable performance to ANN-based models on IJRR, MVSEC, and HQF datasets. The energy consumptions of EVSNN and PA-EVSNN are 19.36$\times$ and 7.75$\times$ more computationally efficient than their ANN architectures, respectively.      
### 15.Projective Urban Texturing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10938.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a method for automatic generation of textures for 3D city meshes in immersive urban environments. Many recent pipelines capture or synthesize large quantities of city geometry using scanners or procedural modeling pipelines. Such geometry is intricate and realistic, however the generation of photo-realistic textures for such large scenes remains a problem. We propose to generate textures for input target 3D meshes driven by the textural style present in readily available datasets of panoramic photos capturing urban environments. Re-targeting such 2D datasets to 3D geometry is challenging because the underlying shape, size, and layout of the urban structures in the photos do not correspond to the ones in the target meshes. Photos also often have objects (e.g., trees, vehicles) that may not even be present in the target <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://geometry.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> address these issues we present a method, called Projective Urban Texturing (PUT), which re-targets textural style from real-world panoramic images to unseen urban meshes. PUT relies on contrastive and adversarial training of a neural architecture designed for unpaired image-to-texture translation. The generated textures are stored in a texture atlas applied to the target 3D mesh geometry. To promote texture consistency, PUT employs an iterative procedure in which texture synthesis is conditioned on previously generated, adjacent textures. We demonstrate both quantitative and qualitative evaluation of the generated textures.      
### 16.Boosting 3D Adversarial Attacks with Attacking On Frequency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10937.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have been shown to be vulnerable to adversarial attacks. Recently, 3D adversarial attacks, especially adversarial attacks on point clouds, have elicited mounting interest. However, adversarial point clouds obtained by previous methods show weak transferability and are easy to defend. To address these problems, in this paper we propose a novel point cloud attack (dubbed AOF) that pays more attention on the low-frequency component of point clouds. We combine the losses from point cloud and its low-frequency component to craft adversarial samples. Extensive experiments validate that AOF can improve the transferability significantly compared to state-of-the-art (SOTA) attacks, and is more robust to SOTA 3D defense methods. Otherwise, compared to clean point clouds, adversarial point clouds obtained by AOF contain more deformation than outlier.      
### 17.TransPPG: Two-stream Transformer for Remote Heart Rate Estimate  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10873.pdf)
>  Non-contact facial video-based heart rate estimation using remote photoplethysmography (rPPG) has shown great potential in many applications (e.g., remote health care) and achieved creditable results in constrained scenarios. However, practical applications require results to be accurate even under complex environment with head movement and unstable illumination. Therefore, improving the performance of rPPG in complex environment has become a key challenge. In this paper, we propose a novel video embedding method that embeds each facial video sequence into a feature map referred to as Multi-scale Adaptive Spatial and Temporal Map with Overlap (MAST_Mop), which contains not only vital information but also surrounding information as reference, which acts as the mirror to figure out the homogeneous perturbations imposed on foreground and background simultaneously, such as illumination instability. Correspondingly, we propose a two-stream Transformer model to map the MAST_Mop into heart rate (HR), where one stream follows the pulse signal in the facial area while the other figures out the perturbation signal from the surrounding region such that the difference of the two channels leads to adaptive noise cancellation. Our approach significantly outperforms all current state-of-the-art methods on two public datasets MAHNOB-HCI and VIPL-HR. As far as we know, it is the first work with Transformer as backbone to capture the temporal dependencies in rPPGs and apply the two stream scheme to figure out the interference from backgrounds as mirror of the corresponding perturbation on foreground signals for noise tolerating.      
### 18.On the Issues of TrueDepth Sensor Data for Computer Vision Tasks Across Different iPad Generations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10865.pdf)
>  In 2017 Apple introduced the TrueDepth sensor with the iPhone X release. Although its primary use case is biometric face recognition, the exploitation of accurate depth data for other computer vision tasks like segmentation, portrait image generation and metric 3D reconstruction seems natural and lead to the development of various applications. In this report, we investigate the reliability of TrueDepth data - accessed through two different APIs - on various devices including different iPhone and iPad generations and reveal two different and significant issues on all tested iPads.      
### 19.Comparison of Depth Estimation Setups from Stereo Endoscopy and Optical Tracking for Point Measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10848.pdf)
>  To support minimally-invasive intraoperative mitral valve repair, quantitative measurements from the valve can be obtained using an infra-red tracked stylus. It is desirable to view such manually measured points together with the endoscopic image for further assistance. Therefore, hand-eye calibration is required that links both coordinate systems and is a prerequisite to project the points onto the image plane. A complementary approach to this is to use a vision-based endoscopic stereo-setup to detect and triangulate points of interest, to obtain the 3D coordinates. In this paper, we aim to compare both approaches on a rigid phantom and two patient-individual silicone replica which resemble the intraoperative scenario. The preliminary results indicate that 3D landmark estimation, either labeled manually or through partly automated detection with a deep learning approach, provides more accurate triangulated depth measurements when performed with a tailored image-based method than with stylus measurements.      
### 20.PARS: Pseudo-Label Aware Robust Sample Selection for Learning with Noisy Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10836.pdf)
>  Acquiring accurate labels on large-scale datasets is both time consuming and expensive. To reduce the dependency of deep learning models on learning from clean labeled data, several recent research efforts are focused on learning with noisy labels. These methods typically fall into three design categories to learn a noise robust model: sample selection approaches, noise robust loss functions, or label correction methods. In this paper, we propose PARS: Pseudo-Label Aware Robust Sample Selection, a hybrid approach that combines the best from all three worlds in a joint-training framework to achieve robustness to noisy labels. Specifically, PARS exploits all training samples using both the raw/noisy labels and estimated/refurbished pseudo-labels via self-training, divides samples into an ambiguous and a noisy subset via loss analysis, and designs label-dependent noise-aware loss functions for both sets of filtered labels. Results show that PARS significantly outperforms the state of the art on extensive studies on the noisy CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 datasets, particularly on challenging high-noise and low-resource settings. In particular, PARS achieved an absolute 12% improvement in test accuracy on the CIFAR-100 dataset with 90% symmetric label noise, and an absolute 27% improvement in test accuracy when only 1/5 of the noisy labels are available during training as an additional restriction. On a real-world noisy dataset, Clothing1M, PARS achieves competitive results to the state of the art.      
### 21.MonoDistill: Learning Spatial Features for Monocular 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10830.pdf)
>  3D object detection is a fundamental and challenging task for 3D scene understanding, and the monocular-based methods can serve as an economical alternative to the stereo-based or LiDAR-based methods. However, accurately detecting objects in the 3D space from a single image is extremely difficult due to the lack of spatial cues. To mitigate this issue, we propose a simple and effective scheme to introduce the spatial information from LiDAR signals to the monocular 3D detectors, without introducing any extra cost in the inference phase. In particular, we first project the LiDAR signals into the image plane and align them with the RGB images. After that, we use the resulting data to train a 3D detector (LiDAR Net) with the same architecture as the baseline model. Finally, this LiDAR Net can serve as the teacher to transfer the learned knowledge to the baseline model. Experimental results show that the proposed method can significantly boost the performance of the baseline model and ranks the $1^{st}$ place among all monocular-based methods on the KITTI benchmark. Besides, extensive ablation studies are conducted, which further prove the effectiveness of each part of our designs and illustrate what the baseline model has learned from the LiDAR Net. Our code will be released at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/monster-ghost/MonoDistill" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 22.When Shift Operation Meets Vision Transformer: An Extremely Simple Alternative to Attention Mechanism  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10801.pdf)
>  Attention mechanism has been widely believed as the key to success of vision transformers (ViTs), since it provides a flexible and powerful way to model spatial relationships. However, is the attention mechanism truly an indispensable part of ViT? Can it be replaced by some other alternatives? To demystify the role of attention mechanism, we simplify it into an extremely simple case: ZERO FLOP and ZERO parameter. Concretely, we revisit the shift operation. It does not contain any parameter or arithmetic calculation. The only operation is to exchange a small portion of the channels between neighboring features. Based on this simple operation, we construct a new backbone network, namely ShiftViT, where the attention layers in ViT are substituted by shift operations. Surprisingly, ShiftViT works quite well in several mainstream tasks, e.g., classification, detection, and segmentation. The performance is on par with or even better than the strong baseline Swin Transformer. These results suggest that the attention mechanism might not be the vital factor that makes ViT successful. It can be even replaced by a zero-parameter operation. We should pay more attentions to the remaining parts of ViT in the future work. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/microsoft/SPACH" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 23.Self-supervised 3D Semantic Representation Learning for Vision-and-Language Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10788.pdf)
>  In the Vision-and-Language Navigation task, the embodied agent follows linguistic instructions and navigates to a specific goal. It is important in many practical scenarios and has attracted extensive attention from both computer vision and robotics communities. However, most existing works only use RGB images but neglect the 3D semantic information of the scene. To this end, we develop a novel self-supervised training framework to encode the voxel-level 3D semantic reconstruction into a 3D semantic representation. Specifically, a region query task is designed as the pretext task, which predicts the presence or absence of objects of a particular class in a specific 3D region. Then, we construct an LSTM-based navigation model and train it with the proposed 3D semantic representations and BERT language features on vision-language pairs. Experiments show that the proposed approach achieves success rates of 68% and 66% on the validation unseen and test unseen splits of the R2R dataset respectively, which are superior to most of RGB-based methods utilizing vision-language transformers.      
### 24.ASFD: Automatic and Scalable Face Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10781.pdf)
>  Along with current multi-scale based detectors, Feature Aggregation and Enhancement (FAE) modules have shown superior performance gains for cutting-edge object detection. However, these hand-crafted FAE modules show inconsistent improvements on face detection, which is mainly due to the significant distribution difference between its training and applying corpus, COCO vs. WIDER Face. To tackle this problem, we essentially analyse the effect of data distribution, and consequently propose to search an effective FAE architecture, termed AutoFAE by a differentiable architecture search, which outperforms all existing FAE modules in face detection with a considerable margin. Upon the found AutoFAE and existing backbones, a supernet is further built and trained, which automatically obtains a family of detectors under the different complexity constraints. Extensive experiments conducted on popular benchmarks, WIDER Face and FDDB, demonstrate the state-of-the-art performance-efficiency trade-off for the proposed automatic and scalable face detector (ASFD) family. In particular, our strong ASFD-D6 outperforms the best competitor with AP 96.7/96.2/92.1 on WIDER Face test, and the lightweight ASFD-D0 costs about 3.1 ms, more than 320 FPS, on the V100 GPU with VGA-resolution images.      
### 25.A Comprehensive Study of Image Classification Model Sensitivity to Foregrounds, Backgrounds, and Visual Attributes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10766.pdf)
>  While datasets with single-label supervision have propelled rapid advances in image classification, additional annotations are necessary in order to quantitatively assess how models make predictions. To this end, for a subset of ImageNet samples, we collect segmentation masks for the entire object and $18$ informative attributes. We call this dataset RIVAL10 (RIch Visual Attributes with Localization), consisting of roughly $26k$ instances over $10$ classes. Using RIVAL10, we evaluate the sensitivity of a broad set of models to noise corruptions in foregrounds, backgrounds and attributes. In our analysis, we consider diverse state-of-the-art architectures (ResNets, Transformers) and training procedures (CLIP, SimCLR, DeiT, Adversarial Training). We find that, somewhat surprisingly, in ResNets, adversarial training makes models more sensitive to the background compared to foreground than standard training. Similarly, contrastively-trained models also have lower relative foreground sensitivity in both transformers and ResNets. Lastly, we observe intriguing adaptive abilities of transformers to increase relative foreground sensitivity as corruption level increases. Using saliency methods, we automatically discover spurious features that drive the background sensitivity of models and assess alignment of saliency maps with foregrounds. Finally, we quantitatively study the attribution problem for neural features by comparing feature saliency with ground-truth localization of semantic attributes.      
### 26.Interactive Image Inpainting Using Semantic Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10753.pdf)
>  Image inpainting approaches have achieved significant progress with the help of deep neural networks. However, existing approaches mainly focus on leveraging the priori distribution learned by neural networks to produce a single inpainting result or further yielding multiple solutions, where the controllability is not well studied. This paper develops a novel image inpainting approach that enables users to customize the inpainting result by their own preference or memory. Specifically, our approach is composed of two stages that utilize the prior of neural network and user's guidance to jointly inpaint corrupted images. In the first stage, an autoencoder based on a novel external spatial attention mechanism is deployed to produce reconstructed features of the corrupted image and a coarse inpainting result that provides semantic mask as the medium for user interaction. In the second stage, a semantic decoder that takes the reconstructed features as prior is adopted to synthesize a fine inpainting result guided by user's customized semantic mask, so that the final inpainting result will share the same content with user's guidance while the textures and colors reconstructed in the first stage are preserved. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of our approach in terms of inpainting quality and controllability.      
### 27.Infrared and visible image fusion based on Multi-State Contextual Hidden Markov Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10739.pdf)
>  The traditional two-state hidden Markov model divides the high frequency coefficients only into two states (large and small states). Such scheme is prone to produce an inaccurate statistical model for the high frequency subband and reduces the quality of fusion result. In this paper, a fine-grained multi-state contextual hidden Markov model (MCHMM) is proposed for infrared and visible image fusion in the non-subsampled Shearlet domain, which takes full consideration of the strong correlations and level of details of NSST coefficients. To this end, an accurate soft context variable is designed correspondingly from the perspective of context correlation. Then, the statistical features provided by MCHMM are utilized for the fusion of high frequency subbands. To ensure the visual quality, a fusion strategy based on the difference in regional energy is proposed as well for lowfrequency subbands. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method can achieve a superior performance compared with other fusion methods in both subjective and objective aspects.      
### 28.Class-Aware Generative Adversarial Transformers for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10737.pdf)
>  Transformers have made remarkable progress towards modeling long-range dependencies within the medical image analysis domain. However, current transformer-based models suffer from several disadvantages: (1) existing methods fail to capture the important features of the images due to the naive tokenization scheme; (2) the models suffer from information loss because they only consider single-scale feature representations; and (3) the segmentation label maps generated by the models are not accurate enough without considering rich semantic contexts and anatomical textures. In this work, we present CA-GANformer, a novel type of generative adversarial transformers, for medical image segmentation. First, we take advantage of the pyramid structure to construct multi-scale representations and handle multi-scale variations. We then design a novel class-aware transformer module to better learn the discriminative regions of objects with semantic structures. Lastly, we utilize an adversarial training strategy that boosts segmentation accuracy and correspondingly allows a transformer-based discriminator to capture high-level semantically correlated contents and low-level anatomical features. Our experiments demonstrate that CA-GANformer dramatically outperforms previous state-of-the-art transformer-based approaches on three benchmarks, obtaining 2.54%-5.88% absolute improvements in Dice over previous models. Further qualitative experiments provide a more detailed picture of the model's inner workings, shed light on the challenges in improved transparency, and demonstrate that transfer learning can greatly improve performance and reduce the size of medical image datasets in training, making CA-GANformer a strong starting point for downstream medical image analysis tasks. Codes and models will be available to the public.      
### 29.A Joint Convolution Auto-encoder Network for Infrared and Visible Image Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10736.pdf)
>  Background: Leaning redundant and complementary relationships is a critical step in the human visual system. Inspired by the infrared cognition ability of crotalinae animals, we design a joint convolution auto-encoder (JCAE) network for infrared and visible image fusion. Methods: Our key insight is to feed infrared and visible pair images into the network simultaneously and separate an encoder stream into two private branches and one common branch, the private branch works for complementary features learning and the common branch does for redundant features learning. We also build two fusion rules to integrate redundant and complementary features into their fused feature which are then fed into the decoder layer to produce the final fused image. We detail the structure, fusion rule and explain its multi-task loss function. Results: Our JCAE network achieves good results in terms of both subjective effect and objective evaluation metrics.      
### 30.Mitigating the Mutual Error Amplification for Semi-Supervised Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10734.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised object detection (SSOD) has achieved substantial progress in recent years. However, it is observed that the performances of self-labeling SSOD methods remain limited. Based on our experimental analysis, we reveal that the reason behind such phenomenon lies in the mutual error amplification between the pseudo labels and the trained detector. In this study, we propose a Cross Teaching (CT) method, aiming to mitigate the mutual error amplification by introducing a rectification mechanism of pseudo labels. CT simultaneously trains multiple detectors with an identical structure but different parameter initialization. In contrast to existing mutual teaching methods that directly treat predictions from other detectors as pseudo labels, we propose the Label Rectification Module (LRM), where the bounding boxes predicted by one detector are rectified by using the corresponding boxes predicted by all other detectors with higher confidence scores. In this way, CT can enhance the pseudo label quality compared with self-labeling and existing mutual teaching methods, and reasonably mitigate the mutual error amplification. Over two popular detector structures, i.e., SSD300 and Faster-RCNN-FPN, the proposed CT method obtains consistent improvements and outperforms the state-of-the-art SSOD methods by 2.2% absolute mAP improvements on the Pascal VOC and MS-COCO benchmarks. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/machengcheng2016/CrossTeaching-SSOD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 31.Training Vision Transformers with Only 2040 Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10728.pdf)
>  Vision Transformers (ViTs) is emerging as an alternative to convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for visual recognition. They achieve competitive results with CNNs but the lack of the typical convolutional inductive bias makes them more data-hungry than common CNNs. They are often pretrained on JFT-300M or at least ImageNet and few works study training ViTs with limited data. In this paper, we investigate how to train ViTs with limited data (e.g., 2040 images). We give theoretical analyses that our method (based on parametric instance discrimination) is superior to other methods in that it can capture both feature alignment and instance similarities. We achieve state-of-the-art results when training from scratch on 7 small datasets under various ViT backbones. We also investigate the transferring ability of small datasets and find that representations learned from small datasets can even improve large-scale ImageNet training.      
### 32.Image Generation with Self Pixel-wise Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10725.pdf)
>  Region-adaptive normalization (RAN) methods have been widely used in the generative adversarial network (GAN)-based image-to-image translation technique. However, since these approaches need a mask image to infer the pixel-wise affine transformation parameters, they cannot be applied to the general image generation models having no paired mask images. To resolve this problem, this paper presents a novel normalization method, called self pixel-wise normalization (SPN), which effectively boosts the generative performance by performing the pixel-adaptive affine transformation without the mask image. In our method, the transforming parameters are derived from a self-latent mask that divides the feature map into the foreground and background regions. The visualization of the self-latent masks shows that SPN effectively captures a single object to be generated as the foreground. Since the proposed method produces the self-latent mask without external data, it is easily applicable in the existing generative models. Extensive experiments on various datasets reveal that the proposed method significantly improves the performance of image generation technique in terms of Frechet inception distance (FID) and Inception score (IS).      
### 33.Toward Data-Driven STAP Radar  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10712.pdf)
>  Using an amalgamation of techniques from classical radar, computer vision, and deep learning, we characterize our ongoing data-driven approach to space-time adaptive processing (STAP) radar. We generate a rich example dataset of received radar signals by randomly placing targets of variable strengths in a predetermined region using RFView, a site-specific radio frequency modeling and simulation tool developed by ISL Inc. For each data sample within this region, we generate heatmap tensors in range, azimuth, and elevation of the output power of a minimum variance distortionless response (MVDR) beamformer, which can be replaced with a desired test statistic. These heatmap tensors can be thought of as stacked images, and in an airborne scenario, the moving radar creates a sequence of these time-indexed image stacks, resembling a video. Our goal is to use these images and videos to detect targets and estimate their locations, a procedure reminiscent of computer vision algorithms for object detection$-$namely, the Faster Region-Based Convolutional Neural Network (Faster R-CNN). The Faster R-CNN consists of a proposal generating network for determining regions of interest (ROI), a regression network for positioning anchor boxes around targets, and an object classification algorithm; it is developed and optimized for natural images. Our ongoing research will develop analogous tools for heatmap images of radar data. In this regard, we will generate a large, representative adaptive radar signal processing database for training and testing, analogous in spirit to the COCO dataset for natural images. As a preliminary example, we present a regression network in this paper for estimating target locations to demonstrate the feasibility of and significant improvements provided by our data-driven approach.      
### 34.Anomaly Detection via Reverse Distillation from One-Class Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10703.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation (KD) achieves promising results on the challenging problem of unsupervised anomaly detection (AD).The representation discrepancy of anomalies in the teacher-student (T-S) model provides essential evidence for AD. However, using similar or identical architectures to build the teacher and student models in previous studies hinders the diversity of anomalous representations. To tackle this problem, we propose a novel T-S model consisting of a teacher encoder and a student decoder and introduce a simple yet effective "reverse distillation" paradigm accordingly. Instead of receiving raw images directly, the student network takes teacher model's one-class embedding as input and targets to restore the teacher's multiscale representations. Inherently, knowledge distillation in this study starts from abstract, high-level presentations to low-level features. In addition, we introduce a trainable one-class bottleneck embedding (OCBE) module in our T-S model. The obtained compact embedding effectively preserves essential information on normal patterns, but abandons anomaly perturbations. Extensive experimentation on AD and one-class novelty detection benchmarks shows that our method surpasses SOTA performance, demonstrating our proposed approach's effectiveness and generalizability.      
### 35.Deep Image Deblurring: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10700.pdf)
>  Image deblurring is a classic problem in low-level computer vision, which aims to recover a sharp image from a blurred input image. Recent advances in deep learning have led to significant progress in solving this problem, and a large number of deblurring networks have been proposed. This paper presents a comprehensive and timely survey of recently published deep-learning based image deblurring approaches, aiming to serve the community as a useful literature review. We start by discussing common causes of image blur, introduce benchmark datasets and performance metrics, and summarize different problem formulations. Next we present a taxonomy of methods using convolutional neural networks (CNN) based on architecture, loss function, and application, offering a detailed review and comparison. In addition, we discuss some domain-specific deblurring applications including face images, text, and stereo image pairs. We conclude by discussing key challenges and future research directions.      
### 36.Estimation of Spectral Biophysical Skin Properties from Captured RGB Albedo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10695.pdf)
>  We present a new method to reconstruct and manipulate the spectral properties of human skin from simple RGB albedo captures. To this end, we leverage Monte Carlo light simulation over an accurate biophysical human skin layering model parameterized by its most important components, thereby covering a plausible range of colors. The practical complexity of the model allows us to learn the inverse mapping from any albedo to its most probable associated skin properties. Our technique can faithfully reproduce any skin type, being expressive enough to automatically handle more challenging areas like the lips or imperfections in the face. Thanks to the smoothness of the skin parameters maps recovered, the albedo can be robustly edited through meaningful biophysical properties.      
### 37.Virtual Adversarial Training for Semi-supervised Breast Mass Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10675.pdf)
>  This study aims to develop a novel computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) scheme for mammographic breast mass classification using semi-supervised learning. Although supervised deep learning has achieved huge success across various medical image analysis tasks, its success relies on large amounts of high-quality annotations, which can be challenging to acquire in practice. To overcome this limitation, we propose employing a semi-supervised method, i.e., virtual adversarial training (VAT), to leverage and learn useful information underlying in unlabeled data for better classification of breast masses. Accordingly, our VAT-based models have two types of losses, namely supervised and virtual adversarial losses. The former loss acts as in supervised classification, while the latter loss aims at enhancing model robustness against virtual adversarial perturbation, thus improving model generalizability. To evaluate the performance of our VAT-based CAD scheme, we retrospectively assembled a total of 1024 breast mass images, with equal number of benign and malignant masses. A large CNN and a small CNN were used in this investigation, and both were trained with and without the adversarial loss. When the labeled ratios were 40% and 80%, VAT-based CNNs delivered the highest classification accuracy of 0.740 and 0.760, respectively. The experimental results suggest that the VAT-based CAD scheme can effectively utilize meaningful knowledge from unlabeled data to better classify mammographic breast mass images.      
### 38.Writer Recognition Using Off-line Handwritten Single Block Characters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10665.pdf)
>  Block characters are often used when filling paper forms for a variety of purposes. We investigate if there is biometric information contained within individual digits of handwritten text. In particular, we use personal identity numbers consisting of the six digits of the date of birth, DoB. We evaluate two recognition approaches, one based on handcrafted features that compute contour directional measurements, and another based on deep features from a ResNet50 model. We use a self-captured database of 317 individuals and 4920 written DoBs in total. Results show the presence of identity-related information in a piece of handwritten information as small as six digits with the DoB. We also analyze the impact of the amount of enrolment samples, varying its number between one and ten. Results with such small amount of data are promising. With ten enrolment samples, the Top-1 accuracy with deep features is around 94%, and reaches nearly 100% by Top-10. The verification accuracy is more modest, with EER&gt;20%with any given feature and enrolment set size, showing that there is still room for improvement.      
### 39.Do Neural Networks for Segmentation Understand Insideness?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10664.pdf)
>  The insideness problem is an aspect of image segmentation that consists of determining which pixels are inside and outside a region. Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) excel in segmentation benchmarks, but it is unclear if they have the ability to solve the insideness problem as it requires evaluating long-range spatial dependencies. In this paper, the insideness problem is analysed in isolation, without texture or semantic cues, such that other aspects of segmentation do not interfere in the analysis. We demonstrate that DNNs for segmentation with few units have sufficient complexity to solve insideness for any curve. Yet, such DNNs have severe problems with learning general solutions. Only recurrent networks trained with small images learn solutions that generalize well to almost any curve. Recurrent networks can decompose the evaluation of long-range dependencies into a sequence of local operations, and learning with small images alleviates the common difficulties of training recurrent networks with a large number of unrolling steps.      
### 40.MGA-VQA: Multi-Granularity Alignment for Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10656.pdf)
>  Learning to answer visual questions is a challenging task since the multi-modal inputs are within two feature spaces. Moreover, reasoning in visual question answering requires the model to understand both image and question, and align them in the same space, rather than simply memorize statistics about the question-answer pairs. Thus, it is essential to find component connections between different modalities and within each modality to achieve better attention. Previous works learned attention weights directly on the features. However, the improvement is limited since these two modality features are in two domains: image features are highly diverse, lacking structure and grammatical rules as language, and natural language features have a higher probability of missing detailed information. To better learn the attention between visual and text, we focus on how to construct input stratification and embed structural information to improve the alignment between different level components. We propose Multi-Granularity Alignment architecture for Visual Question Answering task (MGA-VQA), which learns intra- and inter-modality correlations by multi-granularity alignment, and outputs the final result by the decision fusion module. In contrast to previous works, our model splits alignment into different levels to achieve learning better correlations without needing additional data and annotations. The experiments on the VQA-v2 and GQA datasets demonstrate that our model significantly outperforms non-pretrained state-of-the-art methods on both datasets without extra pretraining data and annotations. Moreover, it even achieves better results over the pre-trained methods on GQA.      
### 41.SA-VQA: Structured Alignment of Visual and Semantic Representations for Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10654.pdf)
>  Visual Question Answering (VQA) attracts much attention from both industry and academia. As a multi-modality task, it is challenging since it requires not only visual and textual understanding, but also the ability to align cross-modality representations. Previous approaches extensively employ entity-level alignments, such as the correlations between the visual regions and their semantic labels, or the interactions across question words and object features. These attempts aim to improve the cross-modality representations, while ignoring their internal relations. Instead, we propose to apply structured alignments, which work with graph representation of visual and textual content, aiming to capture the deep connections between the visual and textual modalities. Nevertheless, it is nontrivial to represent and integrate graphs for structured alignments. In this work, we attempt to solve this issue by first converting different modality entities into sequential nodes and the adjacency graph, then incorporating them for structured alignments. As demonstrated in our experimental results, such a structured alignment improves reasoning performance. In addition, our model also exhibits better interpretability for each generated answer. The proposed model, without any pretraining, outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on GQA dataset, and beats the non-pretrained state-of-the-art methods on VQA-v2 dataset.      
### 42.Beyond Visual Image: Automated Diagnosis of Pigmented Skin Lesions Combining Clinical Image Features with Patient Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10650.pdf)
>  kin cancer is considered one of the most common type of cancer in several countries. Due to the difficulty and subjectivity in the clinical diagnosis of skin lesions, Computer-Aided Diagnosis systems are being developed for assist experts to perform more reliable diagnosis. The clinical analysis and diagnosis of skin lesions relies not only on the visual information but also on the context information provided by the patient. This work addresses the problem of pigmented skin lesions detection from smartphones captured images. In addition to the features extracted from images, patient context information was collected to provide a more accurate diagnosis. The experiments showed that the combination of visual features with context information improved final results. Experimental results are very promising and comparable to experts.      
### 43.Attentive Task Interaction Network for Multi-Task Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10649.pdf)
>  Multitask learning (MTL) has recently gained a lot of popularity as a learning paradigm that can lead to improved per-task performance while also using fewer per-task model parameters compared to single task learning. One of the biggest challenges regarding MTL networks involves how to share features across tasks. To address this challenge, we propose the Attentive Task Interaction Network (ATI-Net). ATI-Net employs knowledge distillation of the latent features for each task, then combines the feature maps to provide improved contextualized information to the decoder. This novel approach to introducing knowledge distillation into an attention based multitask network outperforms state of the art MTL baselines such as the standalone MTAN and PAD-Net, with roughly the same number of model parameters.      
### 44.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Vestibular Schwannoma and Cochlea Segmentation via Semi-supervised Learning and Label Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10647.pdf)
>  Automatic methods to segment the vestibular schwannoma (VS) tumors and the cochlea from magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) are critical to VS treatment planning. Although supervised methods have achieved satisfactory performance in VS segmentation, they require full annotations by experts, which is laborious and time-consuming. In this work, we aim to tackle the VS and cochlea segmentation problem in an unsupervised domain adaptation setting. Our proposed method leverages both the image-level domain alignment to minimize the domain divergence and semi-supervised training to further boost the performance. Furthermore, we propose to fuse the labels predicted from multiple models via noisy label correction. In the MICCAI 2021 crossMoDA challenge, our results on the final evaluation leaderboard showed that our proposed method has achieved promising segmentation performance with mean dice score of 79.9% and 82.5% and ASSD of 1.29 mm and 0.18 mm for VS tumor and cochlea, respectively. The cochlea ASSD achieved by our method has outperformed all other competing methods as well as the supervised nnU-Net.      
### 45.Jacobian Computation for Cumulative B-splines on SE(3) and Application to Continuous-Time Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10602.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a method that estimates the $SE(3)$ continuous trajectories (orientation and translation) of the dynamic rigid objects present in a scene, from multiple RGB-D views. Specifically, we fit the object trajectories to cumulative B-Splines curves, which allow us to interpolate, at any intermediate time stamp, not only their poses but also their linear and angular velocities and accelerations. Additionally, we derive in this work the analytical $SE(3)$ Jacobians needed by the optimization, being applicable to any other approach that uses this type of curves. To the best of our knowledge this is the first work that proposes 6-DoF continuous-time object tracking, which we endorse with significant computational cost reduction thanks to our analytical derivations. We evaluate our proposal in synthetic data and in a public benchmark, showing competitive results in localization and significant improvements in velocity estimation in comparison to discrete-time approaches.      
### 46.RTNet: Relation Transformer Network for Diabetic Retinopathy Multi-lesion Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11037.pdf)
>  Automatic diabetic retinopathy (DR) lesions segmentation makes great sense of assisting ophthalmologists in diagnosis. Although many researches have been conducted on this task, most prior works paid too much attention to the designs of networks instead of considering the pathological association for lesions. Through investigating the pathogenic causes of DR lesions in advance, we found that certain lesions are closed to specific vessels and present relative patterns to each other. Motivated by the observation, we propose a relation transformer block (RTB) to incorporate attention mechanisms at two main levels: a self-attention transformer exploits global dependencies among lesion features, while a cross-attention transformer allows interactions between lesion and vessel features by integrating valuable vascular information to alleviate ambiguity in lesion detection caused by complex fundus structures. In addition, to capture the small lesion patterns first, we propose a global transformer block (GTB) which preserves detailed information in deep network. By integrating the above blocks of dual-branches, our network segments the four kinds of lesions simultaneously. Comprehensive experiments on IDRiD and DDR datasets well demonstrate the superiority of our approach, which achieves competitive performance compared to state-of-the-arts.      
### 47.A Multi-rater Comparative Study of Automatic Target Localization Methods for Epilepsy Deep Brain Stimulation Procedures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11002.pdf)
>  Epilepsy is the fourth most common neurological disorder and affects people of all ages worldwide. Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) has emerged as an alternative treatment option when anti-epileptic drugs or resective surgery cannot lead to satisfactory outcomes. To facilitate the planning of the procedure and for its standardization, it is desirable to develop an algorithm to automatically localize the DBS stimulation target, i.e., Anterior Nucleus of Thalamus (ANT), which is a challenging target to plan. In this work, we perform an extensive comparative study by benchmarking various localization methods for ANT-DBS. Specifically, the methods involved in this study include traditional registration method and deep-learning-based methods including heatmap matching and differentiable spatial to numerical transform (DSNT). Our experimental results show that the deep-learning (DL)-based localization methods that are trained with pseudo labels can achieve a performance that is comparable to the inter-rater and intra-rater variability and that they are orders of magnitude faster than traditional methods.      
### 48.One shot PACS: Patient specific Anatomic Context and Shape prior aware recurrent registration-segmentation of longitudinal thoracic cone beam CTs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11000.pdf)
>  Image-guided adaptive lung radiotherapy requires accurate tumor and organs segmentation from during treatment cone-beam CT (CBCT) images. Thoracic CBCTs are hard to segment because of low soft-tissue contrast, imaging artifacts, respiratory motion, and large treatment induced intra-thoracic anatomic changes. Hence, we developed a novel Patient-specific Anatomic Context and Shape prior or PACS-aware 3D recurrent registration-segmentation network for longitudinal thoracic CBCT segmentation. Segmentation and registration networks were concurrently trained in an end-to-end framework and implemented with convolutional long-short term memory models. The registration network was trained in an unsupervised manner using pairs of planning CT (pCT) and CBCT images and produced a progressively deformed sequence of images. The segmentation network was optimized in a one-shot setting by combining progressively deformed pCT (anatomic context) and pCT delineations (shape context) with CBCT images. Our method, one-shot PACS was significantly more accurate (p$&lt;$0.001) for tumor (DSC of 0.83 $\pm$ 0.08, surface DSC [sDSC] of 0.97 $\pm$ 0.06, and Hausdorff distance at $95^{th}$ percentile [HD95] of 3.97$\pm$3.02mm) and the esophagus (DSC of 0.78 $\pm$ 0.13, sDSC of 0.90$\pm$0.14, HD95 of 3.22$\pm$2.02) segmentation than multiple methods. Ablation tests and comparative experiments were also done.      
### 49.Joint Liver and Hepatic Lesion Segmentation using a Hybrid CNN with Transformer Layers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10981.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based segmentation of the liver and hepatic lesions therein steadily gains relevance in clinical practice due to the increasing incidence of liver cancer each year. Whereas various network variants with overall promising results in the field of medical image segmentation have been developed over the last years, almost all of them struggle with the challenge of accurately segmenting hepatic lesions. This lead to the idea of combining elements of convolutional and transformerbased architectures to overcome the existing limitations. This work presents a hybrid network called SWTR-Unet, consisting of a pretrained ResNet, transformer blocks as well as a common Unet-style decoder path. This network was applied to clinical liver MRI, as well as to the publicly available CT data of the liver tumor segmentation (LiTS) challenge. Additionally, multiple state-of-the-art networks were implemented and applied to both datasets, ensuring a direct comparability. Furthermore, correlation analysis and an ablation study were carried out, to investigate various influencing factors on the segmentation accuracy of our presented method. With Dice similarity scores of averaged 98 +- 2 % for liver and 81 +- 28 % lesion segmentation on the MRI dataset and 97 +- 2 % and 79 +- 25 %, respectively on the CT dataset, the proposed SWTR-Unet outperforms each of the additionally implemented state-of-the-art networks. The achieved segmentation accuracy was found to be on par with manually performed expert segmentations as indicated by interobserver variabilities for liver lesion segmentation. In conclusion, the presented method could save valuable time and resources in clinical practice.      
### 50.Enabling Deep Learning on Edge Devices through Filter Pruning and Knowledge Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10947.pdf)
>  Deep learning models have introduced various intelligent applications to edge devices, such as image classification, speech recognition, and augmented reality. There is an increasing need of training such models on the devices in order to deliver personalized, responsive, and private learning. To address this need, this paper presents a new solution for deploying and training state-of-the-art models on the resource-constrained devices. First, the paper proposes a novel filter-pruning-based model compression method to create lightweight trainable models from large models trained in the cloud, without much loss of accuracy. Second, it proposes a novel knowledge transfer method to enable the on-device model to update incrementally in real time or near real time using incremental learning on new data and enable the on-device model to learn the unseen categories with the help of the in-cloud model in an unsupervised fashion. The results show that 1) our model compression method can remove up to 99.36% parameters of WRN-28-10, while preserving a Top-1 accuracy of over 90% on CIFAR-10; 2) our knowledge transfer method enables the compressed models to achieve more than 90% accuracy on CIFAR-10 and retain good accuracy on old categories; 3) it allows the compressed models to converge within real time (three to six minutes) on the edge for incremental learning tasks; 4) it enables the model to classify unseen categories of data (78.92% Top-1 accuracy) that it is never trained with.      
### 51.A Bayesian Based Deep Unrolling Algorithm for Single-Photon Lidar Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10910.pdf)
>  Deploying 3D single-photon Lidar imaging in real world applications faces multiple challenges including imaging in high noise environments. Several algorithms have been proposed to address these issues based on statistical or learning-based frameworks. Statistical methods provide rich information about the inferred parameters but are limited by the assumed model correlation structures, while deep learning methods show state-of-the-art performance but limited inference guarantees, preventing their extended use in critical applications. This paper unrolls a statistical Bayesian algorithm into a new deep learning architecture for robust image reconstruction from single-photon Lidar data, i.e., the algorithm's iterative steps are converted into neural network layers. The resulting algorithm benefits from the advantages of both statistical and learning based frameworks, providing best estimates with improved network interpretability. Compared to existing learning-based solutions, the proposed architecture requires a reduced number of trainable parameters, is more robust to noise and mismodelling effects, and provides richer information about the estimates including uncertainty measures. Results on synthetic and real data show competitive results regarding the quality of the inference and computational complexity when compared to state-of-the-art algorithms.      
### 52.Speeding up Heterogeneous Federated Learning with Sequentially Trained Superclients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10899.pdf)
>  Federated Learning (FL) allows training machine learning models in privacy-constrained scenarios by enabling the cooperation of edge devices without requiring local data sharing. This approach raises several challenges due to the different statistical distribution of the local datasets and the clients' computational heterogeneity. In particular, the presence of highly non-i.i.d. data severely impairs both the performance of the trained neural network and its convergence rate, increasing the number of communication rounds requested to reach a performance comparable to that of the centralized scenario. As a solution, we propose FedSeq, a novel framework leveraging the sequential training of subgroups of heterogeneous clients, i.e. superclients, to emulate the centralized paradigm in a privacy-compliant way. Given a fixed budget of communication rounds, we show that FedSeq outperforms or match several state-of-the-art federated algorithms in terms of final performance and speed of convergence. Finally, our method can be easily integrated with other approaches available in the literature. Empirical results show that combining existing algorithms with FedSeq further improves its final performance and convergence speed. We test our method on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 and prove its effectiveness in both i.i.d. and non-i.i.d. scenarios.      
### 53.One Student Knows All Experts Know: From Sparse to Dense  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10890.pdf)
>  Human education system trains one student by multiple experts. Mixture-of-experts (MoE) is a powerful sparse architecture including multiple experts. However, sparse MoE model is hard to implement, easy to overfit, and not hardware-friendly. In this work, inspired by human education model, we propose a novel task, knowledge integration, to obtain a dense student model (OneS) as knowledgeable as one sparse MoE. We investigate this task by proposing a general training framework including knowledge gathering and knowledge distillation. Specifically, we first propose Singular Value Decomposition Knowledge Gathering (SVD-KG) to gather key knowledge from different pretrained experts. We then refine the dense student model by knowledge distillation to offset the noise from gathering. On ImageNet, our OneS preserves $61.7\%$ benefits from MoE. OneS can achieve $78.4\%$ top-1 accuracy with only $15$M parameters. On four natural language processing datasets, OneS obtains $88.2\%$ MoE benefits and outperforms SoTA by $51.7\%$ using the same architecture and training data. In addition, compared with the MoE counterpart, OneS can achieve $3.7 \times$ inference speedup due to the hardware-friendly architecture.      
### 54.Hyperparameter Optimization for COVID-19 Chest X-Ray Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10885.pdf)
>  Despite the introduction of vaccines, Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) remains a worldwide dilemma, continuously developing new variants such as Delta and the recent Omicron. The current standard for testing is through polymerase chain reaction (PCR). However, PCRs can be expensive, slow, and/or inaccessible to many people. X-rays on the other hand have been readily used since the early 20th century and are relatively cheaper, quicker to obtain, and typically covered by health insurance. With a careful selection of model, hyperparameters, and augmentations, we show that it is possible to develop models with 83% accuracy in binary classification and 64% in multi-class for detecting COVID-19 infections from chest x-rays.      
### 55.Visualizing the diversity of representations learned by Bayesian neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10859.pdf)
>  Explainable artificial intelligence (XAI) aims to make learning machines less opaque, and offers researchers and practitioners various tools to reveal the decision-making strategies of neural networks. In this work, we investigate how XAI methods can be used for exploring and visualizing the diversity of feature representations learned by Bayesian neural networks (BNNs). Our goal is to provide a global understanding of BNNs by making their decision-making strategies a) visible and tangible through feature visualizations and b) quantitatively measurable with a distance measure learned by contrastive learning. Our work provides new insights into the posterior distribution in terms of human-understandable feature information with regard to the underlying decision-making strategies. Our main findings are the following: 1) global XAI methods can be applied to explain the diversity of decision-making strategies of BNN instances, 2) Monte Carlo dropout exhibits increased diversity in feature representations compared to the multimodal posterior approximation of MultiSWAG, 3) the diversity of learned feature representations highly correlates with the uncertainty estimates, and 4) the inter-mode diversity of the multimodal posterior decreases as the network width increases, while the intra-mode diversity increases. Our findings are consistent with the recent deep neural networks theory, providing additional intuitions about what the theory implies in terms of humanly understandable concepts.      
### 56.Predicting Knee Osteoarthritis Progression from Structural MRI using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10849.pdf)
>  Accurate prediction of knee osteoarthritis (KOA) progression from structural MRI has a potential to enhance disease understanding and support clinical trials. Prior art focused on manually designed imaging biomarkers, which may not fully exploit all disease-related information present in MRI scan. In contrast, our method learns relevant representations from raw data end-to-end using Deep Learning, and uses them for progression prediction. The method employs a 2D CNN to process the data slice-wise and aggregate the extracted features using a Transformer. Evaluated on a large cohort (n=4,866), the proposed method outperforms conventional 2D and 3D CNN-based models and achieves average precision of $0.58\pm0.03$ and ROC AUC of $0.78\pm0.01$. This paper sets a baseline on end-to-end KOA progression prediction from structural MRI. Our code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MIPT-Oulu/OAProgressionMR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 57.DSFormer: A Dual-domain Self-supervised Transformer for Accelerated Multi-contrast MRI Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10776.pdf)
>  Multi-contrast MRI (MC-MRI) captures multiple complementary imaging modalities to aid in radiological decision-making. Given the need for lowering the time cost of multiple acquisitions, current deep accelerated MRI reconstruction networks focus on exploiting the redundancy between multiple contrasts. However, existing works are largely supervised with paired data and/or prohibitively expensive fully-sampled MRI sequences. Further, reconstruction networks typically rely on convolutional architectures which are limited in their capacity to model long-range interactions and may lead to suboptimal recovery of fine anatomical detail. To these ends, we present a dual-domain self-supervised transformer (DSFormer) for accelerated MC-MRI reconstruction. DSFormer develops a deep conditional cascade transformer (DCCT) consisting of several cascaded Swin transformer reconstruction networks (SwinRN) trained under two deep conditioning strategies to enable MC-MRI information sharing. We further present a dual-domain (image and k-space) self-supervised learning strategy for DCCT to alleviate the costs of acquiring fully sampled training data. DSFormer generates high-fidelity reconstructions which experimentally outperform current fully-supervised baselines. Moreover, we find that DSFormer achieves nearly the same performance when trained either with full supervision or with our proposed dual-domain self-supervision.      
### 58.Learning Multiple Probabilistic Degradation Generators for Unsupervised Real World Image Super Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.10747.pdf)
>  Unsupervised real world super resolution (USR) aims at restoring high-resolution (HR) images given low-resolution (LR) inputs when paired data is unavailable. One of the most common approaches is synthesizing noisy LR images using GANs and utilizing a synthetic dataset to train the model in a supervised manner. The goal of modeling the degradation generator is to approximate the distribution of LR images given a HR image. Previous works simply assumed the conditional distribution as a delta function and learned the deterministic mapping from HR image to a LR image. Instead, we propose the probabilistic degradation generator. Our degradation generator is a deep hierarchical latent variable model and more suitable for modeling the complex distribution. Furthermore, we train multiple degradation generators to enhance the mode coverage and apply the novel collaborative learning. We outperform several baselines on benchmark datasets in terms of PSNR and SSIM and demonstrate the robustness of our method on unseen data distribution.      
