# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 13 Jan 2022
### 1.Virtual Elastic Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04623.pdf)
>  We present Virtual Elastic Objects (VEOs): virtual objects that not only look like their real-world counterparts but also behave like them, even when subject to novel interactions. Achieving this presents multiple challenges: not only do objects have to be captured including the physical forces acting on them, then faithfully reconstructed and rendered, but also plausible material parameters found and simulated. To create VEOs, we built a multi-view capture system that captures objects under the influence of a compressed air stream. Building on recent advances in model-free, dynamic Neural Radiance Fields, we reconstruct the objects and corresponding deformation fields. We propose to use a differentiable, particle-based simulator to use these deformation fields to find representative material parameters, which enable us to run new simulations. To render simulated objects, we devise a method for integrating the simulation results with Neural Radiance Fields. The resulting method is applicable to a wide range of scenarios: it can handle objects composed of inhomogeneous material, with very different shapes, and it can simulate interactions with other virtual objects. We present our results using a newly collected dataset of 12 objects under a variety of force fields, which will be shared with the community.      
### 2.Sparsely Annotated Object Detection: A Region-based Semi-supervised Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04620.pdf)
>  Research shows a noticeable drop in performance of object detectors when the training data has missing annotations, i.e. sparsely annotated data. Contemporary methods focus on proxies for missing ground-truth annotations either in the form of pseudo-labels or by re-weighing gradients for unlabeled boxes during training. In this work, we revisit the formulation of sparsely annotated object detection. We observe that sparsely annotated object detection can be considered a semi-supervised object detection problem at a region level. Building on this insight, we propose a region-based semi-supervised algorithm, that automatically identifies regions containing unlabeled foreground objects. Our algorithm then processes the labeled and un-labeled foreground regions differently, a common practice in semi-supervised methods. To evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach, we conduct exhaustive experiments on five splits commonly used by sparsely annotated approaches on the PASCAL-VOC and COCO datasets and achieve state-of-the-art performance. In addition to this, we show that our approach achieves competitive performance on standard semi-supervised setups demonstrating the strength and broad applicability of our approach.      
### 3.Structure and position-aware graph neural network for airway labeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04532.pdf)
>  We present a novel graph-based approach for labeling the anatomical branches of a given airway tree segmentation. The proposed method formulates airway labeling as a branch classification problem in the airway tree graph, where branch features are extracted using convolutional neural networks (CNN) and enriched using graph neural networks. Our graph neural network is structure-aware by having each node aggregate information from its local neighbors and position-aware by encoding node positions in the graph. <br>We evaluated the proposed method on 220 airway trees from subjects with various severity stages of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD). The results demonstrate that our approach is computationally efficient and significantly improves branch classification performance than the baseline method. The overall average accuracy of our method reaches 91.18\% for labeling all 18 segmental airway branches, compared to 83.83\% obtained by the standard CNN method. We published our source code at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DIAGNijmegen/spgnn" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. The proposed algorithm is also publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://grand-challenge.org/algorithms/airway-anatomical-labeling/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.SensatUrban: Learning Semantics from Urban-Scale Photogrammetric Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04494.pdf)
>  With the recent availability and affordability of commercial depth sensors and 3D scanners, an increasing number of 3D (i.e., RGBD, point cloud) datasets have been publicized to facilitate research in 3D computer vision. However, existing datasets either cover relatively small areas or have limited semantic annotations. Fine-grained understanding of urban-scale 3D scenes is still in its infancy. In this paper, we introduce SensatUrban, an urban-scale UAV photogrammetry point cloud dataset consisting of nearly three billion points collected from three UK cities, covering 7.6 km^2. Each point in the dataset has been labelled with fine-grained semantic annotations, resulting in a dataset that is three times the size of the previous existing largest photogrammetric point cloud dataset. In addition to the more commonly encountered categories such as road and vegetation, urban-level categories including rail, bridge, and river are also included in our dataset. Based on this dataset, we further build a benchmark to evaluate the performance of state-of-the-art segmentation algorithms. In particular, we provide a comprehensive analysis and identify several key challenges limiting urban-scale point cloud understanding. The dataset is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://point-cloud-analysis.cs.ox.ac.uk" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 5.Beyond the Visible: A Survey on Cross-spectral Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04435.pdf)
>  Cross-spectral face recognition (CFR) is aimed at recognizing individuals, where compared face images stem from different sensing modalities, for example infrared vs. visible. While CFR is inherently more challenging than classical face recognition due to significant variation in facial appearance associated to a modality gap, it is superior in scenarios with limited or challenging illumination, as well as in the presence of presentation attacks. Recent advances in artificial intelligence related to convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have brought to the fore a significant performance improvement in CFR. Motivated by this, the contributions of this survey are three-fold. We provide an overview of CFR, targeted to compare face images captured in different spectra, by firstly formalizing CFR and then presenting concrete related applications. Secondly, we explore suitable spectral bands for recognition and discuss recent CFR-methods, placing emphasis on deep neural networks. In particular we revisit techniques that have been proposed to extract and compare heterogeneous features, as well as datasets. We enumerate strengths and limitations of different spectra and associated algorithms. Finally, we discuss research challenges and future lines of research.      
### 6.MoViDNN: A Mobile Platform for Evaluating Video Quality Enhancement with Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04402.pdf)
>  Deep neural network (DNN) based approaches have been intensively studied to improve video quality thanks to their fast advancement in recent years. These approaches are designed mainly for desktop devices due to their high computational cost. However, with the increasing performance of mobile devices in recent years, it became possible to execute DNN based approaches in mobile devices. Despite having the required computational power, utilizing DNNs to improve the video quality for mobile devices is still an active research area. In this paper, we propose an open-source mobile platform, namely MoViDNN, to evaluate DNN based video quality enhancement methods, such as super-resolution, denoising, and deblocking. Our proposed platform can be used to evaluate the DNN based approaches both objectively and subjectively. For objective evaluation, we report common metrics such as execution time, PSNR, and SSIM. For subjective evaluation, Mean Score Opinion (MOS) is reported. The proposed platform is available publicly at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cd-athena/MoViDNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 7.OCSampler: Compressing Videos to One Clip with Single-step Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04388.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a framework named OCSampler to explore a compact yet effective video representation with one short clip for efficient video recognition. Recent works prefer to formulate frame sampling as a sequential decision task by selecting frames one by one according to their importance, while we present a new paradigm of learning instance-specific video condensation policies to select informative frames for representing the entire video only in a single step. Our basic motivation is that the efficient video recognition task lies in processing a whole sequence at once rather than picking up frames sequentially. Accordingly, these policies are derived from a light-weighted skim network together with a simple yet effective policy network within one step. Moreover, we extend the proposed method with a frame number budget, enabling the framework to produce correct predictions in high confidence with as few frames as possible. Experiments on four benchmarks, i.e., ActivityNet, Mini-Kinetics, FCVID, Mini-Sports1M, demonstrate the effectiveness of our OCSampler over previous methods in terms of accuracy, theoretical computational expense, actual inference speed. We also evaluate its generalization power across different classifiers, sampled frames, and search spaces. Especially, we achieve 76.9% mAP and 21.7 GFLOPs on ActivityNet with an impressive throughput: 123.9 Videos/s on a single TITAN Xp GPU.      
### 8.SCSNet: An Efficient Paradigm for Learning Simultaneously Image Colorization and Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04364.pdf)
>  In the practical application of restoring low-resolution gray-scale images, we generally need to run three separate processes of image colorization, super-resolution, and dows-sampling operation for the target device. However, this pipeline is redundant and inefficient for the independent processes, and some inner features could have been shared. Therefore, we present an efficient paradigm to perform {S}imultaneously Image {C}olorization and {S}uper-resolution (SCS) and propose an end-to-end SCSNet to achieve this goal. The proposed method consists of two parts: colorization branch for learning color information that employs the proposed plug-and-play \emph{Pyramid Valve Cross Attention} (PVCAttn) module to aggregate feature maps between source and reference images; and super-resolution branch for integrating color and texture information to predict target images, which uses the designed \emph{Continuous Pixel Mapping} (CPM) module to predict high-resolution images at continuous magnification. Furthermore, our SCSNet supports both automatic and referential modes that is more flexible for practical application. Abundant experiments demonstrate the superiority of our method for generating authentic images over state-of-the-art methods, e.g., averagely decreasing FID by 1.8$\downarrow$ and 5.1 $\downarrow$ compared with current best scores for automatic and referential modes, respectively, while owning fewer parameters (more than $\times$2$\downarrow$) and faster running speed (more than $\times$3$\uparrow$).      
### 9.Coarse-to-Fine Embedded PatchMatch and Multi-Scale Dynamic Aggregation for Reference-based Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04358.pdf)
>  Reference-based super-resolution (RefSR) has made significant progress in producing realistic textures using an external reference (Ref) image. However, existing RefSR methods obtain high-quality correspondence matchings consuming quadratic computation resources with respect to the input size, limiting its application. Moreover, these approaches usually suffer from scale misalignments between the low-resolution (LR) image and Ref image. In this paper, we propose an Accelerated Multi-Scale Aggregation network (AMSA) for Reference-based Super-Resolution, including Coarse-to-Fine Embedded PatchMatch (CFE-PatchMatch) and Multi-Scale Dynamic Aggregation (MSDA) module. To improve matching efficiency, we design a novel Embedded PatchMacth scheme with random samples propagation, which involves end-to-end training with asymptotic linear computational cost to the input size. To further reduce computational cost and speed up convergence, we apply the coarse-to-fine strategy on Embedded PatchMacth constituting CFE-PatchMatch. To fully leverage reference information across multiple scales and enhance robustness to scale misalignment, we develop the MSDA module consisting of Dynamic Aggregation and Multi-Scale Aggregation. The Dynamic Aggregation corrects minor scale misalignment by dynamically aggregating features, and the Multi-Scale Aggregation brings robustness to large scale misalignment by fusing multi-scale information. Experimental results show that the proposed AMSA achieves superior performance over state-of-the-art approaches on both quantitative and qualitative evaluations.      
### 10.MDS-Net: A Multi-scale Depth Stratification Based Monocular 3D Object Detection Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04341.pdf)
>  Monocular 3D object detection is very challenging in autonomous driving due to the lack of depth information. This paper proposes a one-stage monocular 3D object detection algorithm based on multi-scale depth stratification, which uses the anchor-free method to detect 3D objects in a per-pixel prediction. In the proposed MDS-Net, a novel depth-based stratification structure is developed to improve the network's ability of depth prediction by establishing mathematical models between depth and image size of objects. A new angle loss function is then developed to further improve the accuracy of the angle prediction and increase the convergence speed of training. An optimized soft-NMS is finally applied in the post-processing stage to adjust the confidence of candidate boxes. Experiments on the KITTI benchmark show that the MDS-Net outperforms the existing monocular 3D detection methods in 3D detection and BEV detection tasks while fulfilling real-time requirements.      
### 11.Neural Residual Flow Fields for Efficient Video Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04329.pdf)
>  Implicit neural representation (INR) has emerged as a powerful paradigm for representing signals, such as images, videos, 3D shapes, etc. Although it has shown the ability to represent fine details, its efficiency as a data representation has not been extensively studied. In INR, the data is stored in the form of parameters of a neural network and general purpose optimization algorithms do not generally exploit the spatial and temporal redundancy in signals. In this paper, we suggest a novel INR approach to representing and compressing videos by explicitly removing data redundancy. Instead of storing raw RGB colors, we propose Neural Residual Flow Fields (NRFF), using motion information across video frames and residuals that are necessary to reconstruct a video. Maintaining the motion information, which is usually smoother and less complex than the raw signals, requires far fewer parameters. Furthermore, reusing redundant pixel values further improves the network parameter efficiency. Experimental results have shown that the proposed method outperforms the baseline methods by a significant margin. The code is available in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/daniel03c1/eff_video_representation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.Robust Contrastive Learning against Noisy Views  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04309.pdf)
>  Contrastive learning relies on an assumption that positive pairs contain related views, e.g., patches of an image or co-occurring multimodal signals of a video, that share certain underlying information about an instance. But what if this assumption is violated? The literature suggests that contrastive learning produces suboptimal representations in the presence of noisy views, e.g., false positive pairs with no apparent shared information. In this work, we propose a new contrastive loss function that is robust against noisy views. We provide rigorous theoretical justifications by showing connections to robust symmetric losses for noisy binary classification and by establishing a new contrastive bound for mutual information maximization based on the Wasserstein distance measure. The proposed loss is completely modality-agnostic and a simple drop-in replacement for the InfoNCE loss, which makes it easy to apply to existing contrastive frameworks. We show that our approach provides consistent improvements over the state-of-the-art on image, video, and graph contrastive learning benchmarks that exhibit a variety of real-world noise patterns.      
### 13.Multiview Transformers for Video Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04288.pdf)
>  Video understanding requires reasoning at multiple spatiotemporal resolutions -- from short fine-grained motions to events taking place over longer durations. Although transformer architectures have recently advanced the state-of-the-art, they have not explicitly modelled different spatiotemporal resolutions. To this end, we present Multiview Transformers for Video Recognition (MTV). Our model consists of separate encoders to represent different views of the input video with lateral connections to fuse information across views. We present thorough ablation studies of our model and show that MTV consistently performs better than single-view counterparts in terms of accuracy and computational cost across a range of model sizes. Furthermore, we achieve state-of-the-art results on five standard datasets, and improve even further with large-scale pretraining. We will release code and pretrained checkpoints.      
### 14.Dynamical Audio-Visual Navigation: Catching Unheard Moving Sound Sources in Unmapped 3D Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04279.pdf)
>  Recent work on audio-visual navigation targets a single static sound in noise-free audio environments and struggles to generalize to unheard sounds. We introduce the novel dynamic audio-visual navigation benchmark in which an embodied AI agent must catch a moving sound source in an unmapped environment in the presence of distractors and noisy sounds. We propose an end-to-end reinforcement learning approach that relies on a multi-modal architecture that fuses the spatial audio-visual information from a binaural audio signal and spatial occupancy maps to encode the features needed to learn a robust navigation policy for our new complex task settings. We demonstrate that our approach outperforms the current state-of-the-art with better generalization to unheard sounds and better robustness to noisy scenarios on the two challenging 3D scanned real-world datasets Replica and Matterport3D, for the static and dynamic audio-visual navigation benchmarks. Our novel benchmark will be made available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://dav-nav.cs.uni-freiburg.de" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 15.Incidents1M: a large-scale dataset of images with natural disasters, damage, and incidents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04236.pdf)
>  Natural disasters, such as floods, tornadoes, or wildfires, are increasingly pervasive as the Earth undergoes global warming. It is difficult to predict when and where an incident will occur, so timely emergency response is critical to saving the lives of those endangered by destructive events. Fortunately, technology can play a role in these situations. Social media posts can be used as a low-latency data source to understand the progression and aftermath of a disaster, yet parsing this data is tedious without automated methods. Prior work has mostly focused on text-based filtering, yet image and video-based filtering remains largely unexplored. In this work, we present the Incidents1M Dataset, a large-scale multi-label dataset which contains 977,088 images, with 43 incident and 49 place categories. We provide details of the dataset construction, statistics and potential biases; introduce and train a model for incident detection; and perform image-filtering experiments on millions of images on Flickr and Twitter. We also present some applications on incident analysis to encourage and enable future work in computer vision for humanitarian aid. Code, data, and models are available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://incidentsdataset.csail.mit.edu" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 16.Region-based Layout Analysis of Music Score Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04214.pdf)
>  The Layout Analysis (LA) stage is of vital importance to the correct performance of an Optical Music Recognition (OMR) system. It identifies the regions of interest, such as staves or lyrics, which must then be processed in order to transcribe their content. Despite the existence of modern approaches based on deep learning, an exhaustive study of LA in OMR has not yet been carried out with regard to the precision of different models, their generalization to different domains or, more importantly, their impact on subsequent stages of the pipeline. This work focuses on filling this gap in literature by means of an experimental study of different neural architectures, music document types and evaluation scenarios. The need for training data has also led to a proposal for a new semi-synthetic data generation technique that enables the efficient applicability of LA approaches in real scenarios. Our results show that: (i) the choice of the model and its performance are crucial for the entire transcription process; (ii) the metrics commonly used to evaluate the LA stage do not always correlate with the final performance of the OMR system, and (iii) the proposed data-generation technique enables state-of-the-art results to be achieved with a limited set of labeled data.      
### 17.MDPose: Human Skeletal Motion Reconstruction Using WiFi Micro-Doppler Signatures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04212.pdf)
>  Motion tracking systems based on optical sensors typically often suffer from issues, such as poor lighting conditions, occlusion, limited coverage, and may raise privacy concerns. More recently, radio frequency (RF)-based approaches using commercial WiFi devices have emerged which offer low-cost ubiquitous sensing whilst preserving privacy. However, the output of an RF sensing system, such as Range-Doppler spectrograms, cannot represent human motion intuitively and usually requires further processing. In this study, MDPose, a novel framework for human skeletal motion reconstruction based on WiFi micro-Doppler signatures, is proposed. It provides an effective solution to track human activities by reconstructing a skeleton model with 17 key points, which can assist with the interpretation of conventional RF sensing outputs in a more understandable way. Specifically, MDPose has various incremental stages to gradually address a series of challenges: First, a denoising algorithm is implemented to remove any unwanted noise that may affect the feature extraction and enhance weak Doppler signatures. Secondly, the convolutional neural network (CNN)-recurrent neural network (RNN) architecture is applied to learn temporal-spatial dependency from clean micro-Doppler signatures and restore key points' velocity information. Finally, a pose optimising mechanism is employed to estimate the initial state of the skeleton and to limit the increase of error. We have conducted comprehensive tests in a variety of environments using numerous subjects with a single receiver radar system to demonstrate the performance of MDPose, and report 29.4mm mean absolute error over all key points positions, which outperforms state-of-the-art RF-based pose estimation systems.      
### 18.ECONet: Efficient Convolutional Online Likelihood Network for Scribble-based Interactive Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04584.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation of lung lesions associated with COVID-19 in CT images requires large amount of annotated volumes. Annotations mandate expert knowledge and are time-intensive to obtain through fully manual segmentation methods. Additionally, lung lesions have large inter-patient variations, with some pathologies having similar visual appearance as healthy lung tissues. This poses a challenge when applying existing semi-automatic interactive segmentation techniques for data labelling. To address these challenges, we propose an efficient convolutional neural networks (CNNs) that can be learned online while the annotator provides scribble-based interaction. To accelerate learning from only the samples labelled through user-interactions, a patch-based approach is used for training the network. Moreover, we use weighted cross-entropy loss to address the class imbalance that may result from user-interactions. During online inference, the learned network is applied to the whole input volume using a fully convolutional approach. We compare our proposed method with state-of-the-art and show that it outperforms existing methods on the task of annotating lung lesions associated with COVID-19, achieving 16% higher Dice score while reducing execution time by 3$\times$ and requiring 9000 lesser scribbles-based labelled voxels. Due to the online learning aspect, our approach adapts quickly to user input, resulting in high quality segmentation labels. Source code will be made available upon acceptance.      
### 19.Get your Foes Fooled: Proximal Gradient Split Learning for Defense against Model Inversion Attacks on IoMT data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04569.pdf)
>  The past decade has seen a rapid adoption of Artificial Intelligence (AI), specifically the deep learning networks, in Internet of Medical Things (IoMT) ecosystem. However, it has been shown recently that the deep learning networks can be exploited by adversarial attacks that not only make IoMT vulnerable to the data theft but also to the manipulation of medical diagnosis. The existing studies consider adding noise to the raw IoMT data or model parameters which not only reduces the overall performance concerning medical inferences but also is ineffective to the likes of deep leakage from gradients method. In this work, we propose proximal gradient split learning (PSGL) method for defense against the model inversion attacks. The proposed method intentionally attacks the IoMT data when undergoing the deep neural network training process at client side. We propose the use of proximal gradient method to recover gradient maps and a decision-level fusion strategy to improve the recognition performance. Extensive analysis show that the PGSL not only provides effective defense mechanism against the model inversion attacks but also helps in improving the recognition performance on publicly available datasets. We report 17.9$\%$ and 36.9$\%$ gains in accuracy over reconstructed and adversarial attacked images, respectively.      
### 20.Depth Estimation from Single-shot Monocular Endoscope Image Using Image Domain Adaptation And Edge-Aware Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04485.pdf)
>  We propose a depth estimation method from a single-shot monocular endoscopic image using Lambertian surface translation by domain adaptation and depth estimation using multi-scale edge loss. We employ a two-step estimation process including Lambertian surface translation from unpaired data and depth estimation. The texture and specular reflection on the surface of an organ reduce the accuracy of depth estimations. We apply Lambertian surface translation to an endoscopic image to remove these texture and reflections. Then, we estimate the depth by using a fully convolutional network (FCN). During the training of the FCN, improvement of the object edge similarity between an estimated image and a ground truth depth image is important for getting better results. We introduced a muti-scale edge loss function to improve the accuracy of depth estimation. We quantitatively evaluated the proposed method using real colonoscopic images. The estimated depth values were proportional to the real depth values. Furthermore, we applied the estimated depth images to automated anatomical location identification of colonoscopic images using a convolutional neural network. The identification accuracy of the network improved from 69.2% to 74.1% by using the estimated depth images.      
### 21.Globally Optimal Multi-Scale Monocular Hand-Eye Calibration Using Dual Quaternions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04473.pdf)
>  In this work, we present an approach for monocular hand-eye calibration from per-sensor ego-motion based on dual quaternions. Due to non-metrically scaled translations of monocular odometry, a scaling factor has to be estimated in addition to the rotation and translation calibration. For this, we derive a quadratically constrained quadratic program that allows a combined estimation of all extrinsic calibration parameters. Using dual quaternions leads to low run-times due to their compact representation. Our problem formulation further allows to estimate multiple scalings simultaneously for different sequences of the same sensor setup. Based on our problem formulation, we derive both, a fast local and a globally optimal solving approach. Finally, our algorithms are evaluated and compared to state-of-the-art approaches on simulated and real-world data, e.g., the EuRoC MAV dataset.      
### 22.Real-Time Style Modelling of Human Locomotion via Feature-Wise Transformations and Local Motion Phases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04439.pdf)
>  Controlling the manner in which a character moves in a real-time animation system is a challenging task with useful applications. Existing style transfer systems require access to a reference content motion clip, however, in real-time systems the future motion content is unknown and liable to change with user input. In this work we present a style modelling system that uses an animation synthesis network to model motion content based on local motion phases. An additional style modulation network uses feature-wise transformations to modulate style in real-time. To evaluate our method, we create and release a new style modelling dataset, 100STYLE, containing over 4 million frames of stylised locomotion data in 100 different styles that present a number of challenges for existing systems. To model these styles, we extend the local phase calculation with a contact-free formulation. In comparison to other methods for real-time style modelling, we show our system is more robust and efficient in its style representation while improving motion quality.      
### 23.Optimizing Prediction of MGMT Promoter Methylation from MRI Scans using Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04416.pdf)
>  Glioblastoma Multiforme (GBM) is a malignant brain cancer forming around 48% of al brain and Central Nervous System (CNS) cancers. It is estimated that annually over 13,000 deaths occur in the US due to GBM, making it crucial to have early diagnosis systems that can lead to predictable and effective treatment. The most common treatment after GBM diagnosis is chemotherapy, which works by sending rapidly dividing cells to apoptosis. However, this form of treatment is not effective when the MGMT promoter sequence is methylated, and instead leads to severe side effects decreasing patient survivability. Therefore, it is important to be able to identify the MGMT promoter methylation status through non-invasive magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) based machine learning (ML) models. This is accomplished using the Brain Tumor Segmentation (BraTS) 2021 dataset, which was recently used for an international Kaggle competition. We developed four primary models - two radiomic models and two CNN models - each solving the binary classification task with progressive improvements. We built a novel ML model termed as the Intermediate State Generator which was used to normalize the slice thicknesses of all MRI scans. With further improvements, our best model was able to achieve performance significantly ($p &lt; 0.05$) better than the best performing Kaggle model with a 6% increase in average cross-validation accuracy. This improvement could potentially lead to a more informed choice of chemotherapy as a treatment option, prolonging lives of thousands of patients with GBM each year.      
### 24.Towards Adversarially Robust Deep Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04397.pdf)
>  This work systematically investigates the adversarial robustness of deep image denoisers (DIDs), i.e, how well DIDs can recover the ground truth from noisy observations degraded by adversarial perturbations. Firstly, to evaluate DIDs' robustness, we propose a novel adversarial attack, namely Observation-based Zero-mean Attack ({\sc ObsAtk}), to craft adversarial zero-mean perturbations on given noisy images. We find that existing DIDs are vulnerable to the adversarial noise generated by {\sc ObsAtk}. Secondly, to robustify DIDs, we propose an adversarial training strategy, hybrid adversarial training ({\sc HAT}), that jointly trains DIDs with adversarial and non-adversarial noisy data to ensure that the reconstruction quality is high and the denoisers around non-adversarial data are locally smooth. The resultant DIDs can effectively remove various types of synthetic and adversarial noise. We also uncover that the robustness of DIDs benefits their generalization capability on unseen real-world noise. Indeed, {\sc HAT}-trained DIDs can recover high-quality clean images from real-world noise even without training on real noisy data. Extensive experiments on benchmark datasets, including Set68, PolyU, and SIDD, corroborate the effectiveness of {\sc ObsAtk} and {\sc HAT}.      
### 25.Maximizing Self-supervision from Thermal Image for Effective Self-supervised Learning of Depth and Ego-motion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04387.pdf)
>  Recently, self-supervised learning of depth and ego-motion from thermal images shows strong robustness and reliability under challenging scenarios. However, the inherent thermal image properties such as weak contrast, blurry edges, and noise hinder to generate effective self-supervision from thermal images. Therefore, most research relies on additional self-supervision sources such as well-lit RGB images, generative models, and Lidar information. In this paper, we conduct an in-depth analysis of thermal image characteristics that degenerates self-supervision from thermal images. Based on the analysis, we propose an effective thermal image mapping method that significantly increases image information, such as overall structure, contrast, and details, while preserving temporal consistency. The proposed method shows outperformed depth and pose results than previous state-of-the-art networks without leveraging additional RGB guidance.      
### 26.Predicting Alzheimer's Disease Using 3DMgNet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04370.pdf)
>  Alzheimer's disease (AD) is an irreversible neurode generative disease of the brain.The disease may causes memory loss, difficulty communicating and disorientation. For the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease, a series of scales are often needed to evaluate the diagnosis clinically, which not only increases the workload of doctors, but also makes the results of diagnosis highly subjective. Therefore, for Alzheimer's disease, imaging means to find early diagnostic markers has become a top priority. <br>In this paper, we propose a novel 3DMgNet architecture which is a unified framework of multigrid and convolutional neural network to diagnose Alzheimer's disease (AD). The model is trained using an open dataset (ADNI dataset) and then test with a smaller dataset of ours. Finally, the model achieved 92.133% accuracy for AD vs NC classification and significantly reduced the model parameters.      
### 27.Knee Cartilage Defect Assessment by Graph Representation and Surface Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04318.pdf)
>  Knee osteoarthritis (OA) is the most common osteoarthritis and a leading cause of disability. Cartilage defects are regarded as major manifestations of knee OA, which are visible by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Thus early detection and assessment for knee cartilage defects are important for protecting patients from knee OA. In this way, many attempts have been made on knee cartilage defect assessment by applying convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to knee MRI. However, the physiologic characteristics of the cartilage may hinder such efforts: the cartilage is a thin curved layer, implying that only a small portion of voxels in knee MRI can contribute to the cartilage defect assessment; heterogeneous scanning protocols further challenge the feasibility of the CNNs in clinical practice; the CNN-based knee cartilage evaluation results lack interpretability. To address these challenges, we model the cartilages structure and appearance from knee MRI into a graph representation, which is capable of handling highly diverse clinical data. Then, guided by the cartilage graph representation, we design a non-Euclidean deep learning network with the self-attention mechanism, to extract cartilage features in the local and global, and to derive the final assessment with a visualized result. Our comprehensive experiments show that the proposed method yields superior performance in knee cartilage defect assessment, plus its convenient 3D visualization for interpretability.      
### 28.SmartDet: Context-Aware Dynamic Control of Edge Task Offloading for Mobile Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04235.pdf)
>  Mobile devices increasingly rely on object detection (OD) through deep neural networks (DNNs) to perform critical tasks. Due to their high complexity, the execution of these DNNs requires excessive time and energy. Low-complexity object tracking (OT) can be used with OD, where the latter is periodically applied to generate "fresh" references for tracking. However, the frames processed with OD incur large delays, which may make the reference outdated and degrade tracking quality. Herein, we propose to use edge computing in this context, and establish parallel OT (at the mobile device) and OD (at the edge server) processes that are resilient to large OD latency. We propose Katch-Up, a novel tracking mechanism that improves the system resilience to excessive OD delay. However, while Katch-Up significantly improves performance, it also increases the computing load of the mobile device. Hence, we design SmartDet, a low-complexity controller based on deep reinforcement learning (DRL) that learns controlling the trade-off between resource utilization and OD performance. SmartDet takes as input context-related information related to the current video content and the current network conditions to optimize frequency and type of OD offloading, as well as Katch-Up utilization. We extensively evaluate SmartDet on a real-world testbed composed of a JetSon Nano as mobile device and a GTX 980 Ti as edge server, connected through a Wi-Fi link. Experimental results show that SmartDet achieves an optimal balance between tracking performance - mean Average Recall (mAR) and resource usage. With respect to a baseline with full Katch-Upusage and maximum channel usage, we still increase mAR by 4% while using 50% less of the channel and 30% power resources associated with Katch-Up. With respect to a fixed strategy using minimal resources, we increase mAR by 20% while using Katch-Up on 1/3 of the frames.      
### 29.Brain Signals Analysis Based Deep Learning Methods: Recent advances in the study of non-invasive brain signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04229.pdf)
>  Brain signals constitute the information that are processed by millions of brain neurons (nerve cells and brain cells). These brain signals can be recorded and analyzed using various of non-invasive techniques such as the Electroencephalograph (EEG), Magneto-encephalograph (MEG) as well as brain-imaging techniques such as Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), Computed Tomography (CT) and others, which will be discussed briefly in this paper. This paper discusses about the currently emerging techniques such as the usage of different Deep Learning (DL) algorithms for the analysis of these brain signals and how these algorithms will be helpful in determining the neurological status of a person by applying the signal decoding strategy.      
### 30.Neural Capacitance: A New Perspective of Neural Network Selection via Edge Dynamics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04194.pdf)
>  Efficient model selection for identifying a suitable pre-trained neural network to a downstream task is a fundamental yet challenging task in deep learning. Current practice requires expensive computational costs in model training for performance prediction. In this paper, we propose a novel framework for neural network selection by analyzing the governing dynamics over synaptic connections (edges) during training. Our framework is built on the fact that back-propagation during neural network training is equivalent to the dynamical evolution of synaptic connections. Therefore, a converged neural network is associated with an equilibrium state of a networked system composed of those edges. To this end, we construct a network mapping $\phi$, converting a neural network $G_A$ to a directed line graph $G_B$ that is defined on those edges in $G_A$. Next, we derive a neural capacitance metric $\beta_{\rm eff}$ as a predictive measure universally capturing the generalization capability of $G_A$ on the downstream task using only a handful of early training results. We carried out extensive experiments using 17 popular pre-trained ImageNet models and five benchmark datasets, including CIFAR10, CIFAR100, SVHN, Fashion MNIST and Birds, to evaluate the fine-tuning performance of our framework. Our neural capacitance metric is shown to be a powerful indicator for model selection based only on early training results and is more efficient than state-of-the-art methods.      
### 31.HyperTransformer: Model Generation for Supervised and Semi-Supervised Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04182.pdf)
>  In this work we propose a HyperTransformer, a transformer-based model for few-shot learning that generates weights of a convolutional neural network (CNN) directly from support samples. Since the dependence of a small generated CNN model on a specific task is encoded by a high-capacity transformer model, we effectively decouple the complexity of the large task space from the complexity of individual tasks. Our method is particularly effective for small target CNN architectures where learning a fixed universal task-independent embedding is not optimal and better performance is attained when the information about the task can modulate all model parameters. For larger models we discover that generating the last layer alone allows us to produce competitive or better results than those obtained with state-of-the-art methods while being end-to-end differentiable. Finally, we extend our approach to a semi-supervised regime utilizing unlabeled samples in the support set and further improving few-shot performance.      
### 32.Overview of the HECKTOR Challenge at MICCAI 2021: Automatic Head and Neck Tumor Segmentation and Outcome Prediction in PET/CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04138.pdf)
>  This paper presents an overview of the second edition of the HEad and neCK TumOR (HECKTOR) challenge, organized as a satellite event of the 24th International Conference on Medical Image Computing and Computer Assisted Intervention (MICCAI) 2021. The challenge is composed of three tasks related to the automatic analysis of PET/CT images for patients with Head and Neck cancer (H&amp;N), focusing on the oropharynx region. Task 1 is the automatic segmentation of H&amp;N primary Gross Tumor Volume (GTVt) in FDG-PET/CT images. Task 2 is the automatic prediction of Progression Free Survival (PFS) from the same FDG-PET/CT. Finally, Task 3 is the same as Task 2 with ground truth GTVt annotations provided to the participants. The data were collected from six centers for a total of 325 images, split into 224 training and 101 testing cases. The interest in the challenge was highlighted by the important participation with 103 registered teams and 448 result submissions. The best methods obtained a Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) of 0.7591 in the first task, and a Concordance index (C-index) of 0.7196 and 0.6978 in Tasks 2 and 3, respectively. In all tasks, simplicity of the approach was found to be key to ensure generalization performance. The comparison of the PFS prediction performance in Tasks 2 and 3 suggests that providing the GTVt contour was not crucial to achieve best results, which indicates that fully automatic methods can be used. This potentially obviates the need for GTVt contouring, opening avenues for reproducible and large scale radiomics studies including thousands potential subjects.      
