# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 31 Jan 2022
### 1.DAB-DETR: Dynamic Anchor Boxes are Better Queries for DETR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12329.pdf)
>  We present in this paper a novel query formulation using dynamic anchor boxes for DETR (DEtection TRansformer) and offer a deeper understanding of the role of queries in DETR. This new formulation directly uses box coordinates as queries in Transformer decoders and dynamically updates them layer-by-layer. Using box coordinates not only helps using explicit positional priors to improve the query-to-feature similarity and eliminate the slow training convergence issue in DETR, but also allows us to modulate the positional attention map using the box width and height information. Such a design makes it clear that queries in DETR can be implemented as performing soft ROI pooling layer-by-layer in a cascade manner. As a result, it leads to the best performance on MS-COCO benchmark among the DETR-like detection models under the same setting, e.g., AP 45.7\% using ResNet50-DC5 as backbone trained in 50 epochs. We also conducted extensive experiments to confirm our analysis and verify the effectiveness of our methods. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SlongLiu/DAB-DETR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 2.VRT: A Video Restoration Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12288.pdf)
>  Video restoration (e.g., video super-resolution) aims to restore high-quality frames from low-quality frames. Different from single image restoration, video restoration generally requires to utilize temporal information from multiple adjacent but usually misaligned video frames. Existing deep methods generally tackle with this by exploiting a sliding window strategy or a recurrent architecture, which either is restricted by frame-by-frame restoration or lacks long-range modelling ability. In this paper, we propose a Video Restoration Transformer (VRT) with parallel frame prediction and long-range temporal dependency modelling abilities. More specifically, VRT is composed of multiple scales, each of which consists of two kinds of modules: temporal mutual self attention (TMSA) and parallel warping. TMSA divides the video into small clips, on which mutual attention is applied for joint motion estimation, feature alignment and feature fusion, while self attention is used for feature extraction. To enable cross-clip interactions, the video sequence is shifted for every other layer. Besides, parallel warping is used to further fuse information from neighboring frames by parallel feature warping. Experimental results on three tasks, including video super-resolution, video deblurring and video denoising, demonstrate that VRT outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by large margins ($\textbf{up to 2.16dB}$) on nine benchmark datasets.      
### 3.Benchmarking Conventional Vision Models on Neuromorphic Fall Detection and Action Recognition Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12285.pdf)
>  Neuromorphic vision-based sensors are gaining popularity in recent years with their ability to capture Spatio-temporal events with low power sensing. These sensors record events or spikes over traditional cameras which helps in preserving the privacy of the subject being recorded. These events are captured as per-pixel brightness changes and the output data stream is encoded with time, location, and pixel intensity change information. This paper proposes and benchmarks the performance of fine-tuned conventional vision models on neuromorphic human action recognition and fall detection datasets. The Spatio-temporal event streams from the Dynamic Vision Sensing cameras are encoded into a standard sequence image frames. These video frames are used for benchmarking conventional deep learning-based architectures. In this proposed approach, we fine-tuned the state-of-the-art vision models for this Dynamic Vision Sensing (DVS) application and named these models as DVS-R2+1D, DVS-CSN, DVS-C2D, DVS-SlowFast, DVS-X3D, and DVS-MViT. Upon comparing the performance of these models, we see the current state-of-the-art MViT based architecture DVS-MViT outperforms all the other models with an accuracy of 0.958 and an F-1 score of 0.958. The second best is the DVS-C2D with an accuracy of 0.916 and an F-1 score of 0.916. Third and Fourth are DVS-R2+1D and DVS-SlowFast with an accuracy of 0.875 and 0.833 and F-1 score of 0.875 and 0.861 respectively. DVS-CSN and DVS-X3D were the least performing models with an accuracy of 0.708 and 0.625 and an F1 score of 0.722 and 0.625 respectively.      
### 4.HSADML: Hyper-Sphere Angular Deep Metric based Learning for Brain Tumor Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12269.pdf)
>  Brain Tumors are abnormal mass of clustered cells penetrating regions of brain. Their timely identification and classification help doctors to provide appropriate treatment. However, Classifi-cation of Brain Tumors is quite intricate because of high-intra class similarity and low-inter class variability. Due to morphological similarity amongst various MRI-Slices of different classes the challenge deepens more. This all leads to hampering generalizability of classification models. To this end, this paper proposes HSADML, a novel framework which enables deep metric learning (DML) using SphereFace Loss. SphereFace loss embeds the features into a hyperspheric-manifold and then imposes margin on the embeddings to enhance differentiability between the classes. With utilization of SphereFace loss based deep metric learning it is ensured that samples from class clustered together while the different ones are pushed apart. Results reflects the promi-nence in the approach, the proposed framework achieved state-of-the-art 98.69% validation accu-racy using k-NN (k=1) and this is significantly higher than normal SoftMax Loss training which though obtains 98.47% validation accuracy but that too with limited inter-class separability and intra-class closeness. Experimental analysis done over various classifiers and loss function set-tings suggests potential in the approach.      
### 5.3D-FlowNet: Event-based optical flow estimation with 3D representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12265.pdf)
>  Event-based cameras can overpass frame-based cameras limitations for important tasks such as high-speed motion detection during self-driving cars navigation in low illumination conditions. The event cameras' high temporal resolution and high dynamic range, allow them to work in fast motion and extreme light scenarios. However, conventional computer vision methods, such as Deep Neural Networks, are not well adapted to work with event data as they are asynchronous and discrete. Moreover, the traditional 2D-encoding representation methods for event data, sacrifice the time resolution. In this paper, we first improve the 2D-encoding representation by expanding it into three dimensions to better preserve the temporal distribution of the events. We then propose 3D-FlowNet, a novel network architecture that can process the 3D input representation and output optical flow estimations according to the new encoding methods. A self-supervised training strategy is adopted to compensate the lack of labeled datasets for the event-based camera. Finally, the proposed network is trained and evaluated with the Multi-Vehicle Stereo Event Camera (MVSEC) dataset. The results show that our 3D-FlowNet outperforms state-of-the-art approaches with less training epoch (30 compared to 100 of Spike-FlowNet).      
### 6.Self-paced learning to improve text row detection in historical documents with missing lables  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12216.pdf)
>  An important preliminary step of optical character recognition systems is the detection of text rows. To address this task in the context of historical data with missing labels, we propose a self-paced learning algorithm capable of improving the row detection performance. We conjecture that pages with more ground-truth bounding boxes are less likely to have missing annotations. Based on this hypothesis, we sort the training examples in descending order with respect to the number of ground-truth bounding boxes, and organize them into k batches. Using our self-paced learning method, we train a row detector over k iterations, progressively adding batches with less ground-truth annotations. At each iteration, we combine the ground-truth bounding boxes with pseudo-bounding boxes (bounding boxes predicted by the model itself) using non-maximum suppression, and we include the resulting annotations at the next training iteration. We demonstrate that our self-paced learning strategy brings significant performance gains on two data sets of historical documents, improving the average precision of YOLOv4 with more than 12% on one data set and 39% on the other.      
### 7.Möbius Convolutions for Spherical CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12212.pdf)
>  Möbius transformations play an important role in both geometry and spherical image processing -- they are the group of conformal automorphisms of 2D surfaces and the spherical equivalent of homographies. Here we present a novel, Möbius-equivariant spherical convolution operator which we call Möbius convolution, and with it, develop the foundations for Möbius-equivariant spherical CNNs. Our approach is based on a simple observation: to achieve equivariance, we only need to consider the lower-dimensional subgroup which transforms the positions of points as seen in the frames of their neighbors. To efficiently compute Möbius convolutions at scale we derive an approximation of the action of the transformations on spherical filters, allowing us to compute our convolutions in the spectral domain with the fast Spherical Harmonic Transform. The resulting framework is both flexible and descriptive, and we demonstrate its utility by achieving promising results in both shape classification and image segmentation tasks.      
### 8.A tomographic workflow to enable deep learning for X-ray based foreign object detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12184.pdf)
>  Detection of unwanted (`foreign') objects within products is a common procedure in many branches of industry for maintaining production quality. X-ray imaging is a fast, non-invasive and widely applicable method for foreign object detection. Deep learning has recently emerged as a powerful approach for recognizing patterns in radiographs (i.e., X-ray images), enabling automated X-ray based foreign object detection. However, these methods require a large number of training examples and manual annotation of these examples is a subjective and laborious task. In this work, we propose a Computed Tomography (CT) based method for producing training data for supervised learning of foreign object detection, with minimal labour requirements. In our approach, a few representative objects are CT scanned and reconstructed in 3D. The radiographs that have been acquired as part of the CT-scan data serve as input for the machine learning method. High-quality ground truth locations of the foreign objects are obtained through accurate 3D reconstructions and segmentations. Using these segmented volumes, corresponding 2D segmentations are obtained by creating virtual projections. We outline the benefits of objectively and reproducibly generating training data in this way compared to conventional radiograph annotation. In addition, we show how the accuracy depends on the number of objects used for the CT reconstructions. The results show that in this workflow generally only a relatively small number of representative objects (i.e., fewer than 10) are needed to achieve adequate detection performance in an industrial setting. Moreover, for real experimental data we show that the workflow leads to higher foreign object detection accuracies than with standard radiograph annotation.      
### 9.Unsupervised Single-shot Depth Estimation using Perceptual Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12170.pdf)
>  Real-time estimation of actual object depth is a module that is essential to performing various autonomous system tasks such as 3D reconstruction, scene understanding and condition assessment of machinery parts. During the last decade of machine learning, extensive deployment of deep learning methods to computer vision tasks has yielded approaches that succeed in achieving realistic depth synthesis out of a simple RGB modality. While most of these models are based on paired depth data or availability of video sequences and stereo images, methods for single-view depth synthesis in a fully unsupervised setting have hardly been explored. This study presents the most recent advances in the field of generative neural networks, leveraging them to perform fully unsupervised single-shot depth synthesis. Two generators for RGB-to-depth and depth-to-RGB transfer are implemented and simultaneously optimized using the Wasserstein-1 distance and a novel perceptual reconstruction term. To ensure that the proposed method is plausible, we comprehensively evaluate the models using industrial surface depth data as well as the Texas 3D Face Recognition Database and the SURREAL dataset that records body depth. The success observed in this study suggests the great potential for unsupervised single-shot depth estimation in real-world applications.      
### 10.O-ViT: Orthogonal Vision Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12133.pdf)
>  Inspired by the tremendous success of the self-attention mechanism in natural language processing, the Vision Transformer (ViT) creatively applies it to image patch sequences and achieves incredible performance. However, the scaled dot-product self-attention of ViT brings about scale ambiguity to the structure of the original feature space. To address this problem, we propose a novel method named Orthogonal Vision Transformer (O-ViT), to optimize ViT from the geometric perspective. O-ViT limits parameters of self-attention blocks to be on the norm-keeping orthogonal manifold, which can keep the geometry of the feature space. Moreover, O-ViT achieves both orthogonal constraints and cheap optimization overhead by adopting a surjective mapping between the orthogonal group and its Lie algebra.We have conducted comparative experiments on image recognition tasks to demonstrate O-ViT's validity and experiments show that O-ViT can boost the performance of ViT by up to 3.6%.      
### 11.Detecting Owner-member Relationship with Graph Convolution Network in Fisheye Camera System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12099.pdf)
>  The owner-member relationship between wheels and vehicles contributes significantly to the 3D perception of vehicles, especially in embedded environments. However, to leverage this relationship we must face two major challenges: i) Traditional IoU-based heuristics have difficulty handling occluded traffic congestion scenarios. ii) The effectiveness and applicability of the solution in a vehicle-mounted system is difficult. To address these issues, we propose an innovative relationship prediction method, DeepWORD, by designing a graph convolutional network (GCN). Specifically, to improve the information richness, we use feature maps with local correlation as input to the nodes. Subsequently, we introduce a graph attention network (GAT) to dynamically correct the a priori estimation bias. Finally, we designed a dataset as a large-scale benchmark which has annotated owner-member relationship, called WORD. In the experiments we learned that the proposed method achieved state-of-the-art accuracy and real-time performance. The WORD dataset is made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/NamespaceMain/ownermember-relationship-dataset" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.Neighborhood-aware Geometric Encoding Network for Point Cloud Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12094.pdf)
>  The distinguishing geometric features determine the success of point cloud registration. However, most point clouds are partially overlapping, corrupted by noise, and comprised of indistinguishable surfaces, which makes it a challenge to extract discriminative features. Here, we propose the Neighborhood-aware Geometric Encoding Network (NgeNet) for accurate point cloud registration. NgeNet utilizes a geometric guided encoding module to take geometric characteristics into consideration, a multi-scale architecture to focus on the semantically rich regions in different scales, and a consistent voting strategy to select features with proper neighborhood size and reject the specious features. The awareness of adaptive neighborhood points is obtained through the multi-scale architecture accompanied by voting. Specifically, the proposed techniques in NgeNet are model-agnostic, which could be easily migrated to other networks. Comprehensive experiments on indoor, outdoor and object-centric synthetic datasets demonstrate that NgeNet surpasses all of the published state-of-the-art methods. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhulf0804/NgeNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.Label uncertainty-guided multi-stream model for disease screening  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12089.pdf)
>  The annotation of disease severity for medical image datasets often relies on collaborative decisions from multiple human graders. The intra-observer variability derived from individual differences always persists in this process, yet the influence is often underestimated. In this paper, we cast the intra-observer variability as an uncertainty problem and incorporate the label uncertainty information as guidance into the disease screening model to improve the final decision. The main idea is dividing the images into simple and hard cases by uncertainty information, and then developing a multi-stream network to deal with different cases separately. Particularly, for hard cases, we strengthen the network's capacity in capturing the correct disease features and resisting the interference of uncertainty. Experiments on a fundus image-based glaucoma screening case study show that the proposed model outperforms several baselines, especially in screening hard cases.      
### 14.BLIP: Bootstrapping Language-Image Pre-training for Unified Vision-Language Understanding and Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12086.pdf)
>  Vision-Language Pre-training (VLP) has advanced the performance for many vision-language tasks. However, most existing pre-trained models only excel in either understanding-based tasks or generation-based tasks. Furthermore, performance improvement has been largely achieved by scaling up the dataset with noisy image-text pairs collected from the web, which is a suboptimal source of supervision. In this paper, we propose BLIP, a new VLP framework which transfers flexibly to both vision-language understanding and generation tasks. BLIP effectively utilizes the noisy web data by bootstrapping the captions, where a captioner generates synthetic captions and a filter removes the noisy ones. We achieve state-of-the-art results on a wide range of vision-language tasks, such as image-text retrieval (+2.7% in average recall@1), image captioning (+2.8% in CIDEr), and VQA (+1.6% in VQA score). BLIP also demonstrates strong generalization ability when directly transferred to video-language tasks in a zero-shot manner. Code, models, and datasets are released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/salesforce/BLIP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.Psychophysical Evaluation of Human Performance in Detecting Digital Face Image Manipulations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12084.pdf)
>  In recent years, increasing deployment of face recognition technology in security-critical settings, such as border control or law enforcement, has led to considerable interest in the vulnerability of face recognition systems to attacks utilising legitimate documents, which are issued on the basis of digitally manipulated face images. As automated manipulation and attack detection remains a challenging task, conventional processes with human inspectors performing identity verification remain indispensable. These circumstances merit a closer investigation of human capabilities in detecting manipulated face images, as previous work in this field is sparse and often concentrated only on specific scenarios and biometric characteristics. <br>This work introduces a web-based, remote visual discrimination experiment on the basis of principles adopted from the field of psychophysics and subsequently discusses interdisciplinary opportunities with the aim of examining human proficiency in detecting different types of digitally manipulated face images, specifically face swapping, morphing, and retouching. In addition to analysing appropriate performance measures, a possible metric of detectability is explored. Experimental data of 306 probands indicate that detection performance is widely distributed across the population and detection of certain types of face image manipulations is much more challenging than others.      
### 16.DynaMixer: A Vision MLP Architecture with Dynamic Mixing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12083.pdf)
>  Recently, MLP-like vision models have achieved promising performances on mainstream visual recognition tasks. In contrast with vision transformers and CNNs, the success of MLP-like models shows that simple information fusion operations among tokens and channels can yield a good representation power for deep recognition models. However, existing MLP-like models fuse tokens through static fusion operations, lacking adaptability to the contents of the tokens to be mixed. Thus, customary information fusion procedures are not effective enough. To this end, this paper presents an efficient MLP-like network architecture, dubbed DynaMixer, resorting to dynamic information fusion. Critically, we propose a procedure, on which the DynaMixer model relies, to dynamically generate mixing matrices by leveraging the contents of all the tokens to be mixed. To reduce the time complexity and improve the robustness, a dimensionality reduction technique and a multi-segment fusion mechanism are adopted. Our proposed DynaMixer model (97M parameters) achieves 84.3\% top-1 accuracy on the ImageNet-1K dataset without extra training data, performing favorably against the state-of-the-art vision MLP models. When the number of parameters is reduced to 26M, it still achieves 82.7\% top-1 accuracy, surpassing the existing MLP-like models with a similar capacity. The implementation of DynaMixer will be made available to the public.      
### 17.You Only Cut Once: Boosting Data Augmentation with a Single Cut  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12078.pdf)
>  We present You Only Cut Once (YOCO) for performing data augmentations. YOCO cuts one image into two pieces and performs data augmentations individually within each piece. Applying YOCO improves the diversity of the augmentation per sample and encourages neural networks to recognize objects from partial information. YOCO enjoys the properties of parameter-free, easy usage, and boosting almost all augmentations for free. Thorough experiments are conducted to evaluate its effectiveness. We first demonstrate that YOCO can be seamlessly applied to varying data augmentations, neural network architectures, and brings performance gains on CIFAR and ImageNet classification tasks, sometimes surpassing conventional image-level augmentation by large margins. Moreover, we show YOCO benefits contrastive pre-training toward a more powerful representation that can be better transferred to multiple downstream tasks. Finally, we study a number of variants of YOCO and empirically analyze the performance for respective settings. Code is available at GitHub.      
### 18.Detection of fake faces in videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12051.pdf)
>  : Deep learning methodologies have been used to create applications that can cause threats to privacy, democracy and national security and could be used to further amplify malicious activities. One of those deep learning-powered applications in recent times is synthesized videos of famous personalities. According to Forbes, Generative Adversarial Networks(GANs) generated fake videos growing exponentially every year and the organization known as Deeptrace had estimated an increase of deepfakes by 84% from the year 2018 to 2019. They are used to generate and modify human faces, where most of the existing fake videos are of prurient non-consensual nature, of which its estimates to be around 96% and some carried out impersonating personalities for cyber crime. In this paper, available video datasets are identified and a pretrained model BlazeFace is used to detect faces, and a ResNet and Xception ensembled architectured neural network trained on the dataset to achieve the goal of detection of fake faces in videos. The model is optimized over a loss value and log loss values and evaluated over its F1 score. Over a sample of data, it is observed that focal loss provides better accuracy, F1 score and loss as the gamma of the focal loss becomes a hyper parameter. This provides a k-folded accuracy of around 91% at its peak in a training cycle with the real world accuracy subjected to change over time as the model decays.      
### 19.RGB-D SLAM Using Attention Guided Frame Association  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12047.pdf)
>  Deep learning models as an emerging topic have shown great progress in various fields. Especially, visualization tools such as class activation mapping methods provided visual explanation on the reasoning of convolutional neural networks (CNNs). By using the gradients of the network layers, it is possible to demonstrate where the networks pay attention during a specific image recognition task. Moreover, these gradients can be integrated with CNN features for localizing more generalized task dependent attentive (salient) objects in scenes. Despite this progress, there is not much explicit usage of this gradient (network attention) information to integrate with CNN representations for object semantics. This can be very useful for visual tasks such as simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) where CNN representations of spatially attentive object locations may lead to improved performance. Therefore, in this work, we propose the use of task specific network attention for RGB-D indoor SLAM. To do so, we integrate layer-wise object attention information (layer gradients) with CNN layer representations to improve frame association performance in a state-of-the-art RGB-D indoor SLAM method. Experiments show promising initial results with improved performance.      
### 20.Unfolding a blurred image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12010.pdf)
>  We present a solution for the goal of extracting a video from a single motion blurred image to sequentially reconstruct the clear views of a scene as beheld by the camera during the time of exposure. We first learn motion representation from sharp videos in an unsupervised manner through training of a convolutional recurrent video autoencoder network that performs a surrogate task of video reconstruction. Once trained, it is employed for guided training of a motion encoder for blurred images. This network extracts embedded motion information from the blurred image to generate a sharp video in conjunction with the trained recurrent video decoder. As an intermediate step, we also design an efficient architecture that enables real-time single image deblurring and outperforms competing methods across all factors: accuracy, speed, and compactness. Experiments on real scenes and standard datasets demonstrate the superiority of our framework over the state-of-the-art and its ability to generate a plausible sequence of temporally consistent sharp frames.      
### 21.Hybrid Contrastive Learning with Cluster Ensemble for Unsupervised Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11995.pdf)
>  Unsupervised person re-identification (ReID) aims to match a query image of a pedestrian to the images in gallery set without supervision labels. The most popular approaches to tackle unsupervised person ReID are usually performing a clustering algorithm to yield pseudo labels at first and then exploit the pseudo labels to train a deep neural network. However, the pseudo labels are noisy and sensitive to the hyper-parameter(s) in clustering algorithm. In this paper, we propose a Hybrid Contrastive Learning (HCL) approach for unsupervised person ReID, which is based on a hybrid between instance-level and cluster-level contrastive loss functions. Moreover, we present a Multi-Granularity Clustering Ensemble based Hybrid Contrastive Learning (MGCE-HCL) approach, which adopts a multi-granularity clustering ensemble strategy to mine priority information among the pseudo positive sample pairs and defines a priority-weighted hybrid contrastive loss for better tolerating the noises in the pseudo positive samples. We conduct extensive experiments on two benchmark datasets Market-1501 and DukeMTMC-reID. Experimental results validate the effectiveness of our proposals.      
### 22.Generalized Visual Quality Assessment of GAN-Generated Face Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11975.pdf)
>  Recent years have witnessed the dramatically increased interest in face generation with generative adversarial networks (GANs). A number of successful GAN algorithms have been developed to produce vivid face images towards different application scenarios. However, little work has been dedicated to automatic quality assessment of such GAN-generated face images (GFIs), even less have been devoted to generalized and robust quality assessment of GFIs generated with unseen GAN model. Herein, we make the first attempt to study the subjective and objective quality towards generalized quality assessment of GFIs. More specifically, we establish a large-scale database consisting of GFIs from four GAN algorithms, the pseudo labels from image quality assessment (IQA) measures, as well as the human opinion scores via subjective testing. Subsequently, we develop a quality assessment model that is able to deliver accurate quality predictions for GFIs from both available and unseen GAN algorithms based on meta-learning. In particular, to learn shared knowledge from GFIs pairs that are born of limited GAN algorithms, we develop the convolutional block attention (CBA) and facial attributes-based analysis (ABA) modules, ensuring that the learned knowledge tends to be consistent with human visual perception. Extensive experiments exhibit that the proposed model achieves better performance compared with the state-of-the-art IQA models, and is capable of retaining the effectiveness when evaluating GFIs from the unseen GAN algorithms.      
### 23.Shuffle Augmentation of Features from Unlabeled Data for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11963.pdf)
>  Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA), a branch of transfer learning where labels for target samples are unavailable, has been widely researched and developed in recent years with the help of adversarially trained models. Although existing UDA algorithms are able to guide neural networks to extract transferable and discriminative features, classifiers are merely trained under the supervision of labeled source data. Given the inevitable discrepancy between source and target domains, the classifiers can hardly be aware of the target classification boundaries. In this paper, Shuffle Augmentation of Features (SAF), a novel UDA framework, is proposed to address the problem by providing the classifier with supervisory signals from target feature representations. SAF learns from the target samples, adaptively distills class-aware target features, and implicitly guides the classifier to find comprehensive class borders. Demonstrated by extensive experiments, the SAF module can be integrated into any existing adversarial UDA models to achieve performance improvements.      
### 24.Stereo Matching with Cost Volume based Sparse Disparity Propagation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11937.pdf)
>  Stereo matching is crucial for binocular stereo vision. Existing methods mainly focus on simple disparity map fusion to improve stereo matching, which require multiple dense or sparse disparity maps. In this paper, we propose a simple yet novel scheme, termed feature disparity propagation, to improve general stereo matching based on matching cost volume and sparse matching feature points. Specifically, our scheme first calculates a reliable sparse disparity map by local feature matching, and then refines the disparity map by propagating reliable disparities to neighboring pixels in the matching cost domain. In addition, considering the gradient and multi-scale information of local disparity regions, we present a $\rho$-Census cost measure based on the well-known AD-Census, which guarantees the robustness of cost volume even without the cost aggregation step. Extensive experiments on Middlebury stereo benchmark V3 demonstrate that our scheme achieves promising performance comparable to state-of-the-art methods.      
### 25.Indicative Image Retrieval: Turning Blackbox Learning into Grey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11898.pdf)
>  Deep learning became the game changer for image retrieval soon after it was introduced. It promotes the feature extraction (by representation learning) as the core of image retrieval, with the relevance/matching evaluation being degenerated into simple similarity metrics. In many applications, we need the matching evidence to be indicated rather than just have the ranked list (e.g., the locations of the target proteins/cells/lesions in medical images). It is like the matched words need to be highlighted in search engines. However, this is not easy to implement without explicit relevance/matching modeling. The deep representation learning models are not feasible because of their blackbox nature. In this paper, we revisit the importance of relevance/matching modeling in deep learning era with an indicative retrieval setting. The study shows that it is possible to skip the representation learning and model the matching evidence directly. By removing the dependency on the pre-trained models, it has avoided a lot of related issues (e.g., the domain gap between classification and retrieval, the detail-diffusion caused by convolution, and so on). More importantly, the study demonstrates that the matching can be explicitly modeled and backtracked later for generating the matching evidence indications. It can improve the explainability of deep inference. Our method obtains a best performance in literature on both Oxford-5k and Paris-6k, and sets a new record of 97.77% on Oxford-5k (97.81% on Paris-6k) without extracting any deep features.      
### 26.Infrastructure-Based Object Detection and Tracking for Cooperative Driving Automation: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11871.pdf)
>  Object detection plays a fundamental role in enabling Cooperative Driving Automation (CDA), which is regarded as the revolutionary solution to addressing safety, mobility, and sustainability issues of contemporary transportation systems. Although current computer vision technologies could provide satisfactory object detection results in occlusion-free scenarios, the perception performance of onboard sensors could be inevitably limited by the range and occlusion. Owing to flexible position and pose for sensor installation, infrastructure-based detection and tracking systems can enhance the perception capability for connected vehicles and thus quickly become one of the most popular research topics. In this paper, we review the research progress for infrastructure-based object detection and tracking systems. Architectures of roadside perception systems based on different types of sensors are reviewed to show a high-level description of the workflows for infrastructure-based perception systems. Roadside sensors and different perception methodologies are reviewed and analyzed with detailed literature to provide a low-level explanation for specific methods followed by Datasets and Simulators to draw an overall landscape of infrastructure-based object detection and tracking methods. Discussions are conducted to point out current opportunities, open problems, and anticipated future trends.      
### 27.Towards an Automatic Diagnosis of Peripheral and Central Palsy Using Machine Learning on Facial Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11852.pdf)
>  Central palsy is a form of facial paralysis that requires urgent medical attention and has to be differentiated from other, similar conditions such as peripheral palsy. To aid in fast and accurate diagnosis of this condition, we propose a machine learning approach to automatically classify peripheral and central facial palsy. The Palda dataset is used, which contains 103 peripheral palsy images, 40 central palsy, and 60 healthy people. Experiments are run on five machine learning algorithms. The best performing algorithms were found to be the SVM (total accuracy of 85.1%) and the Gaussian naive Bayes (80.7%). The lowest false negative rate on central palsy was achieved by the naive Bayes approach (80% compared to 70%). This condition could prove to be the most severe, and thus its sensitivity is another good way to compare algorithms. By extrapolation, a dataset size of 334 total pictures is estimated to achieve a central palsy sensitivity of 95%. All code used for these machine learning experiments is freely available online at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cvvletter/palsy" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 28.Discriminative Supervised Subspace Learning for Cross-modal Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11843.pdf)
>  Nowadays the measure between heterogeneous data is still an open problem for cross-modal retrieval. The core of cross-modal retrieval is how to measure the similarity between different types of data. Many approaches have been developed to solve the problem. As one of the mainstream, approaches based on subspace learning pay attention to learning a common subspace where the similarity among multi-modal data can be measured directly. However, many of the existing approaches only focus on learning a latent subspace. They ignore the full use of discriminative information so that the semantically structural information is not well preserved. Therefore satisfactory results can not be achieved as expected. We in this paper propose a discriminative supervised subspace learning for cross-modal retrieval(DS2L), to make full use of discriminative information and better preserve the semantically structural information. Specifically, we first construct a shared semantic graph to preserve the semantic structure within each modality. Subsequently, the Hilbert-Schmidt Independence Criterion(HSIC) is introduced to preserve the consistence between feature-similarity and semantic-similarity of samples. Thirdly, we introduce a similarity preservation term, thus our model can compensate for the shortcomings of insufficient use of discriminative data and better preserve the semantically structural information within each modality. The experimental results obtained on three well-known benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness and competitiveness of the proposed method against the compared classic subspace learning approaches.      
### 29.Pressure Eye: In-bed Contact Pressure Estimation via Contact-less Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11828.pdf)
>  Computer vision has achieved great success in interpreting semantic meanings from images, yet estimating underlying (non-visual) physical properties of an object is often limited to their bulk values rather than reconstructing a dense map. In this work, we present our pressure eye (PEye) approach to estimate contact pressure between a human body and the surface she is lying on with high resolution from vision signals directly. PEye approach could ultimately enable the prediction and early detection of pressure ulcers in bed-bound patients, that currently depends on the use of expensive pressure mats. Our PEye network is configured in a dual encoding shared decoding form to fuse visual cues and some relevant physical parameters in order to reconstruct high resolution pressure maps (PMs). We also present a pixel-wise resampling approach based on Naive Bayes assumption to further enhance the PM regression performance. A percentage of correct sensing (PCS) tailored for sensing estimation accuracy evaluation is also proposed which provides another perspective for performance evaluation under varying error tolerances. We tested our approach via a series of extensive experiments using multimodal sensing technologies to collect data from 102 subjects while lying on a bed. The individual's high resolution contact pressure data could be estimated from their RGB or long wavelength infrared (LWIR) images with 91.8% and 91.2% estimation accuracies in $PCS_{efs0.1}$ criteria, superior to state-of-the-art methods in the related image regression/translation tasks.      
### 30.LAP: An Attention-Based Module for Faithful Interpretation and Knowledge Injection in Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11808.pdf)
>  Despite the state-of-the-art performance of deep convolutional neural networks, they are susceptible to bias and malfunction in unseen situations. The complex computation behind their reasoning is not sufficiently human-understandable to develop trust. External explainer methods have tried to interpret the network decisions in a human-understandable way, but they are accused of fallacies due to their assumptions and simplifications. On the other side, the inherent self-interpretability of models, while being more robust to the mentioned fallacies, cannot be applied to the already trained models. In this work, we propose a new attention-based pooling layer, called Local Attention Pooling (LAP), that accomplishes self-interpretability and the possibility for knowledge injection while improving the model's performance. Moreover, several weakly-supervised knowledge injection methodologies are provided to enhance the process of training. We verified our claims by evaluating several LAP-extended models on three different datasets, including Imagenet. The proposed framework offers more valid human-understandable and more faithful-to-the-model interpretations than the commonly used white-box explainer methods.      
### 31.A Survey on Visual Transfer Learning using Knowledge Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11794.pdf)
>  Recent approaches of computer vision utilize deep learning methods as they perform quite well if training and testing domains follow the same underlying data distribution. However, it has been shown that minor variations in the images that occur when using these methods in the real world can lead to unpredictable errors. Transfer learning is the area of machine learning that tries to prevent these errors. Especially, approaches that augment image data using auxiliary knowledge encoded in language embeddings or knowledge graphs (KGs) have achieved promising results in recent years. This survey focuses on visual transfer learning approaches using KGs. KGs can represent auxiliary knowledge either in an underlying graph-structured schema or in a vector-based knowledge graph embedding. Intending to enable the reader to solve visual transfer learning problems with the help of specific KG-DL configurations we start with a description of relevant modeling structures of a KG of various expressions, such as directed labeled graphs, hypergraphs, and hyper-relational graphs. We explain the notion of feature extractor, while specifically referring to visual and semantic features. We provide a broad overview of knowledge graph embedding methods and describe several joint training objectives suitable to combine them with high dimensional visual embeddings. The main section introduces four different categories on how a KG can be combined with a DL pipeline: 1) Knowledge Graph as a Reviewer; 2) Knowledge Graph as a Trainee; 3) Knowledge Graph as a Trainer; and 4) Knowledge Graph as a Peer. To help researchers find evaluation benchmarks, we provide an overview of generic KGs and a set of image processing datasets and benchmarks including various types of auxiliary knowledge. Last, we summarize related surveys and give an outlook about challenges and open issues for future research.      
### 32.An Empirical Analysis of Recurrent Learning Algorithms In Neural Lossy Image Compression Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11782.pdf)
>  Recent advances in deep learning have resulted in image compression algorithms that outperform JPEG and JPEG 2000 on the standard Kodak benchmark. However, they are slow to train (due to backprop-through-time) and, to the best of our knowledge, have not been systematically evaluated on a large variety of datasets. In this paper, we perform the first large-scale comparison of recent state-of-the-art hybrid neural compression algorithms, while exploring the effects of alternative training strategies (when applicable). The hybrid recurrent neural decoder is a former state-of-the-art model (recently overtaken by a Google model) that can be trained using backprop-through-time (BPTT) or with alternative algorithms like sparse attentive backtracking (SAB), unbiased online recurrent optimization (UORO), and real-time recurrent learning (RTRL). We compare these training alternatives along with the Google models (GOOG and E2E) on 6 benchmark datasets. Surprisingly, we found that the model trained with SAB performs better (outperforming even BPTT), resulting in faster convergence and a better peak signal-to-noise ratio.      
### 33.Unsupervised Denoising of Retinal OCT with Diffusion Probabilistic Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11760.pdf)
>  Optical coherence tomography (OCT) is a prevalent non-invasive imaging method which provides high resolution volumetric visualization of retina. However, its inherent defect, the speckle noise, can seriously deteriorate the tissue visibility in OCT. Deep learning based approaches have been widely used for image restoration, but most of these require a noise-free reference image for supervision. In this study, we present a diffusion probabilistic model that is fully unsupervised to learn from noise instead of signal. A diffusion process is defined by adding a sequence of Gaussian noise to self-fused OCT b-scans. Then the reverse process of diffusion, modeled by a Markov chain, provides an adjustable level of denoising. Our experiment results demonstrate that our method can significantly improve the image quality with a simple working pipeline and a small amount of training data.      
### 34.REET: Robustness Evaluation and Enhancement Toolbox for Computational Pathology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12311.pdf)
>  Motivation: Digitization of pathology laboratories through digital slide scanners and advances in deep learning approaches for objective histological assessment have resulted in rapid progress in the field of computational pathology (CPath) with wide-ranging applications in medical and pharmaceutical research as well as clinical workflows. However, the estimation of robustness of CPath models to variations in input images is an open problem with a significant impact on the down-stream practical applicability, deployment and acceptability of these approaches. Furthermore, development of domain-specific strategies for enhancement of robustness of such models is of prime importance as well. <br>Implementation and Availability: In this work, we propose the first domain-specific Robustness Evaluation and Enhancement Toolbox (REET) for computational pathology applications. It provides a suite of algorithmic strategies for enabling robustness assessment of predictive models with respect to specialized image transformations such as staining, compression, focusing, blurring, changes in spatial resolution, brightness variations, geometric changes as well as pixel-level adversarial perturbations. Furthermore, REET also enables efficient and robust training of deep learning pipelines in computational pathology. REET is implemented in Python and is available at the following URL: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/alexjfoote/reetoolbox" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. <br>Contact: Fayyaz.minhas@warwick.<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://ac.uk" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 35.Benchmarking Robustness of 3D Point Cloud Recognition Against Common Corruptions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12296.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks on 3D point cloud data have been widely used in the real world, especially in safety-critical applications. However, their robustness against corruptions is less studied. In this paper, we present ModelNet40-C, the first comprehensive benchmark on 3D point cloud corruption robustness, consisting of 15 common and realistic corruptions. Our evaluation shows a significant gap between the performances on ModelNet40 and ModelNet40-C for state-of-the-art (SOTA) models. To reduce the gap, we propose a simple but effective method by combining PointCutMix-R and TENT after evaluating a wide range of augmentation and test-time adaptation strategies. We identify a number of critical insights for future studies on corruption robustness in point cloud recognition. For instance, we unveil that Transformer-based architectures with proper training recipes achieve the strongest robustness. We hope our in-depth analysis will motivate the development of robust training strategies or architecture designs in the 3D point cloud domain. Our codebase and dataset are included in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jiachens/ModelNet40-C" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 36.A Review on Deep-Learning Algorithms for Fetal Ultrasound-Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12260.pdf)
>  Deep-learning (DL) algorithms are becoming the standard for processing ultrasound (US) fetal images. Despite a large number of survey papers already present in this field, most of them are focusing on a broader area of medical-image analysis or not covering all fetal US DL applications. This paper surveys the most recent work in the field, with a total of 145 research papers published after 2017. Each paper is analyzed and commented on from both the methodology and application perspective. We categorized the papers in (i) fetal standard-plane detection, (ii) anatomical-structure analysis, and (iii) biometry parameter estimation. For each category, main limitations and open issues are presented. Summary tables are included to facilitate the comparison among the different approaches. Publicly-available datasets and performance metrics commonly used to assess algorithm performance are summarized, too. This paper ends with a critical summary of the current state of the art on DL algorithms for fetal US image analysis and a discussion on current challenges that have to be tackled by researchers working in the field to translate the research methodology into the actual clinical practice.      
### 37.Mixing Implicit and Explicit Deep Learning with Skip DEQs and Infinite Time Neural ODEs (Continuous DEQs)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12240.pdf)
>  Implicit deep learning architectures, like Neural ODEs and Deep Equilibrium Models (DEQs), separate the definition of a layer from the description of its solution process. While implicit layers allow features such as depth to adapt to new scenarios and inputs automatically, this adaptivity makes its computational expense challenging to predict. Numerous authors have noted that implicit layer techniques can be more computationally intensive than explicit layer methods. In this manuscript, we address the question: is there a way to simultaneously achieve the robustness of implicit layers while allowing the reduced computational expense of an explicit layer? To solve this we develop Skip DEQ, an implicit-explicit (IMEX) layer that simultaneously trains an explicit prediction followed by an implicit correction. We show that training this explicit layer is free and even decreases the training time by 2.5x and prediction time by 3.4x. We then further increase the "implicitness" of the DEQ by redefining the method in terms of an infinite time neural ODE which paradoxically decreases the training cost over a standard neural ODE by not requiring backpropagation through time. We demonstrate how the resulting Continuous Skip DEQ architecture trains more robustly than the original DEQ while achieving faster training and prediction times. Together, this manuscript shows how bridging the dichotomy of implicit and explicit deep learning can combine the advantages of both techniques.      
### 38.Plug &amp; Play Attacks: Towards Robust and Flexible Model Inversion Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12179.pdf)
>  Model inversion attacks (MIAs) aim to create synthetic images that reflect the class-wise characteristics from a target classifier's training data by exploiting the model's learned knowledge. Previous research has developed generative MIAs using generative adversarial networks (GANs) as image priors that are tailored to a specific target model. This makes the attacks time- and resource-consuming, inflexible, and susceptible to distributional shifts between datasets. To overcome these drawbacks, we present Plug &amp; Play Attacks that loosen the dependency between the target model and image prior and enable the use of a single trained GAN to attack a broad range of targets with only minor attack adjustments needed. Moreover, we show that powerful MIAs are possible even with publicly available pre-trained GANs and under strong distributional shifts, whereas previous approaches fail to produce meaningful results. Our extensive evaluation confirms the improved robustness and flexibility of Plug &amp; Play Attacks and their ability to create high-quality images revealing sensitive class characteristics.      
### 39.Carotid artery wall segmentation in ultrasound image sequences using a deep convolutional neural network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12152.pdf)
>  The objective of this study is the segmentation of the intima-media complex of the common carotid artery, on longitudinal ultrasound images, to measure its thickness. We propose a fully automatic region-based segmentation method, involving a supervised region-based deep-learning approach based on a dilated U-net network. It was trained and evaluated using a 5-fold cross-validation on a multicenter database composed of 2176 images annotated by two experts. The resulting mean absolute difference (&lt;120 um) compared to reference annotations was less than the inter-observer variability (180 um). With a 98.7% success rate, i.e., only 1.3% cases requiring manual correction, the proposed method has been shown to be robust and thus may be recommended for use in clinical practice.      
### 40.DELAUNAY: a dataset of abstract art for psychophysical and machine learning research  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12123.pdf)
>  Image datasets are commonly used in psychophysical experiments and in machine learning research. Most publicly available datasets are comprised of images of realistic and natural objects. However, while typical machine learning models lack any domain specific knowledge about natural objects, humans can leverage prior experience for such data, making comparisons between artificial and natural learning challenging. Here, we introduce DELAUNAY, a dataset of abstract paintings and non-figurative art objects labelled by the artists' names. This dataset provides a middle ground between natural images and artificial patterns and can thus be used in a variety of contexts, for example to investigate the sample efficiency of humans and artificial neural networks. Finally, we train an off-the-shelf convolutional neural network on DELAUNAY, highlighting several of its intriguing features.      
### 41.Rethinking Attention-Model Explainability through Faithfulness Violation Test  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12114.pdf)
>  Attention mechanisms are dominating the explainability of deep models. They produce probability distributions over the input, which are widely deemed as feature-importance indicators. However, in this paper, we find one critical limitation in attention explanations: weakness in identifying the polarity of feature impact. This would be somehow misleading -- features with higher attention weights may not faithfully contribute to model predictions; instead, they can impose suppression effects. With this finding, we reflect on the explainability of current attention-based techniques, such as Attentio$\odot$Gradient and LRP-based attention explanations. We first propose an actionable diagnostic methodology (henceforth faithfulness violation test) to measure the consistency between explanation weights and the impact polarity. Through the extensive experiments, we then show that most tested explanation methods are unexpectedly hindered by the faithfulness violation issue, especially the raw attention. Empirical analyses on the factors affecting violation issues further provide useful observations for adopting explanation methods in attention models.      
### 42.Feature Visualization within an Automated Design Assessment leveraging Explainable Artificial Intelligence Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12107.pdf)
>  Not only automation of manufacturing processes but also automation of automation procedures itself become increasingly relevant to automation research. In this context, automated capability assessment, mainly leveraged by deep learning systems driven from 3D CAD data, have been presented. Current assessment systems may be able to assess CAD data with regards to abstract features, e.g. the ability to automatically separate components from bulk goods, or the presence of gripping surfaces. Nevertheless, they suffer from the factor of black box systems, where an assessment can be learned and generated easily, but without any geometrical indicator about the reasons of the system's decision. By utilizing explainable AI (xAI) methods, we attempt to open up the black box. Explainable AI methods have been used in order to assess whether a neural network has successfully learned a given task or to analyze which features of an input might lead to an adversarial attack. These methods aim to derive additional insights into a neural network, by analyzing patterns from a given input and its impact to the network output. Within the NeuroCAD Project, xAI methods are used to identify geometrical features which are associated with a certain abstract feature. Within this work, a sensitivity analysis (SA), the layer-wise relevance propagation (LRP), the Gradient-weighted Class Activation Mapping (Grad-CAM) method as well as the Local Interpretable Model-Agnostic Explanations (LIME) have been implemented in the NeuroCAD environment, allowing not only to assess CAD models but also to identify features which have been relevant for the network decision. In the medium run, this might enable to identify regions of interest supporting product designers to optimize their models with regards to assembly processes.      
### 43.Image Superresolution using Scale-Recurrent Dense Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11998.pdf)
>  Recent advances in the design of convolutional neural network (CNN) have yielded significant improvements in the performance of image super-resolution (SR). The boost in performance can be attributed to the presence of residual or dense connections within the intermediate layers of these networks. The efficient combination of such connections can reduce the number of parameters drastically while maintaining the restoration quality. In this paper, we propose a scale recurrent SR architecture built upon units containing series of dense connections within a residual block (Residual Dense Blocks (RDBs)) that allow extraction of abundant local features from the image. Our scale recurrent design delivers competitive performance for higher scale factors while being parametrically more efficient as compared to current state-of-the-art approaches. To further improve the performance of our network, we employ multiple residual connections in intermediate layers (referred to as Multi-Residual Dense Blocks), which improves gradient propagation in existing layers. Recent works have discovered that conventional loss functions can guide a network to produce results which have high PSNRs but are perceptually inferior. We mitigate this issue by utilizing a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) based framework and deep feature (VGG) losses to train our network. We experimentally demonstrate that different weighted combinations of the VGG loss and the adversarial loss enable our network outputs to traverse along the perception-distortion curve. The proposed networks perform favorably against existing methods, both perceptually and objectively (PSNR-based) with fewer parameters.      
### 44.Deep Networks for Image and Video Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11996.pdf)
>  Efficiency of gradient propagation in intermediate layers of convolutional neural networks is of key importance for super-resolution task. To this end, we propose a deep architecture for single image super-resolution (SISR), which is built using efficient convolutional units we refer to as mixed-dense connection blocks (MDCB). The design of MDCB combines the strengths of both residual and dense connection strategies, while overcoming their limitations. To enable super-resolution for multiple factors, we propose a scale-recurrent framework which reutilizes the filters learnt for lower scale factors recursively for higher factors. This leads to improved performance and promotes parametric efficiency for higher factors. We train two versions of our network to enhance complementary image qualities using different loss configurations. We further employ our network for video super-resolution task, where our network learns to aggregate information from multiple frames and maintain spatio-temporal consistency. The proposed networks lead to qualitative and quantitative improvements over state-of-the-art techniques on image and video super-resolution benchmarks.      
### 45.Computer-aided Recognition and Assessment of a Porous Bioelastomer on Ultrasound Images for Regenerative Medicine Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11987.pdf)
>  Biodegradable elastic scaffolds have attracted more and more attention in the field of soft tissue repair and tissue engineering. These scaffolds made of porous bioelastomers support tissue ingrowth along with their own degradation. It is necessary to develop a computer-aided analyzing method based on ultrasound images to identify the degradation performance of the scaffold, not only to obviate the need to do destructive testing, but also to monitor the scaffold's degradation and tissue ingrowth over time. It is difficult using a single traditional image processing algorithm to extract continuous and accurate contour of a porous bioelastomer. This paper proposes a joint algorithm for the bioelastomer's contour detection and a texture feature extraction method for monitoring the degradation behavior of the bioelastomer. Mean-shift clustering method is used to obtain the bioelastomer's and native tissue's clustering feature information. Then the OTSU image binarization method automatically selects the optimal threshold value to convert the grayscale ultrasound image into a binary image. The Canny edge detector is used to extract the complete bioelastomer's contour. The first-order and second-order statistical features of texture are extracted. The proposed joint algorithm not only achieves the ideal extraction of the bioelastomer's contours in ultrasound images, but also gives valuable feedback of the degradation behavior of the bioelastomer at the implant site based on the changes of texture characteristics and contour area. The preliminary results of this study suggest that the proposed computer-aided image processing techniques have values and potentials in the non-invasive analysis of tissue scaffolds in vivo based on ultrasound images and may help tissue engineers evaluate the tissue scaffold's degradation and cellular ingrowth progress and improve the scaffold designs.      
### 46.DICP: Doppler Iterative Closest Point Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11944.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel algorithm for point cloud registration for range sensors capable of measuring per-return instantaneous radial velocity: Doppler ICP. Existing variants of ICP that solely rely on geometry or other features generally fail to estimate the motion of the sensor correctly in scenarios that have non-distinctive features and/or repetitive geometric structures such as hallways, tunnels, highways, and bridges. We propose a new Doppler velocity objective function that exploits the compatibility of each point's Doppler measurement and the sensor's current motion estimate. We jointly optimize the Doppler velocity objective function and the geometric objective function which sufficiently constrains the point cloud alignment problem even in feature-denied environments. Furthermore, the correspondence matches used for the alignment are improved by pruning away the points from dynamic targets which generally degrade the ICP solution. We evaluate our method on data collected from real sensors and from simulation. Our results show a significant performance improvement in terms of the registration accuracy with the added benefit of faster convergence guided by the Doppler velocity gradients.      
### 47.Calibrating Histopathology Image Classifiers using Label Smoothing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11866.pdf)
>  The classification of histopathology images fundamentally differs from traditional image classification tasks because histopathology images naturally exhibit a range of diagnostic features, resulting in a diverse range of annotator agreement levels. However, examples with high annotator disagreement are often either assigned the majority label or discarded entirely when training histopathology image classifiers. This widespread practice often yields classifiers that do not account for example difficulty and exhibit poor model calibration. In this paper, we ask: can we improve model calibration by endowing histopathology image classifiers with inductive biases about example difficulty? <br>We propose several label smoothing methods that utilize per-image annotator agreement. Though our methods are simple, we find that they substantially improve model calibration, while maintaining (or even improving) accuracy. For colorectal polyp classification, a common yet challenging task in gastrointestinal pathology, we find that our proposed agreement-aware label smoothing methods reduce calibration error by almost 70%. Moreover, we find that using model confidence as a proxy for annotator agreement also improves calibration and accuracy, suggesting that datasets without multiple annotators can still benefit from our proposed label smoothing methods via our proposed confidence-aware label smoothing methods. <br>Given the importance of calibration (especially in histopathology image analysis), the improvements from our proposed techniques merit further exploration and potential implementation in other histopathology image classification tasks.      
### 48.Classification of White Blood Cell Leukemia with Low Number of Interpretable and Explainable Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11864.pdf)
>  White Blood Cell (WBC) Leukaemia is detected through image-based classification. Convolutional Neural Networks are used to learn the features needed to classify images of cells a malignant or healthy. However, this type of model requires learning a large number of parameters and is difficult to interpret and explain. Explainable AI (XAI) attempts to alleviate this issue by providing insights to how models make decisions. Therefore, we present an XAI model which uses only 24 explainable and interpretable features and is highly competitive to other approaches by outperforming them by about 4.38\%. Further, our approach provides insight into which variables are the most important for the classification of the cells. This insight provides evidence that when labs treat the WBCs differently, the importance of various metrics changes substantially. Understanding the important features for classification is vital in medical imaging diagnosis and, by extension, understanding the AI models built in scientific pursuits.      
### 49.Using Shape Metrics to Describe 2D Data Points  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11857.pdf)
>  Traditional machine learning (ML) algorithms, such as multiple regression, require human analysts to make decisions on how to treat the data. These decisions can make the model building process subjective and difficult to replicate for those who did not build the model. Deep learning approaches benefit by allowing the model to learn what features are important once the human analyst builds the architecture. Thus, a method for automating certain human decisions for traditional ML modeling would help to improve the reproducibility and remove subjective aspects of the model building process. To that end, we propose to use shape metrics to describe 2D data to help make analyses more explainable and interpretable. The proposed approach provides a foundation to help automate various aspects of model building in an interpretable and explainable fashion. This is particularly important in applications in the medical community where the `right to explainability' is crucial. We provide various simulated data sets ranging from probability distributions, functions, and model quality control checks (such as QQ-Plots and residual analyses from ordinary least squares) to showcase the breadth of this approach.      
### 50.Speckle-based optical cryptosystem and its application for human face recognition via deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11844.pdf)
>  Face recognition has recently become ubiquitous in many scenes for authentication or security purposes. Meanwhile, there are increasing concerns about the privacy of face images, which are sensitive biometric data that should be carefully protected. Software-based cryptosystems are widely adopted nowadays to encrypt face images, but the security level is limited by insufficient digital secret key length or computing power. Hardware-based optical cryptosystems can generate enormously longer secret keys and enable encryption at light speed, but most reported optical methods, such as double random phase encryption, are less compatible with other systems due to system complexity. In this study, a plain yet high-efficient speckle-based optical cryptosystem is proposed and implemented. A scattering ground glass is exploited to generate physical secret keys of gigabit length and encrypt face images via seemingly random optical speckles at light speed. Face images can then be decrypted from the random speckles by a well-trained decryption neural network, such that face recognition can be realized with up to 98% accuracy. The proposed cryptosystem has wide applicability, and it may open a new avenue for high-security complex information encryption and decryption by utilizing optical speckles.      
### 51.A Transfer Learning and Optimized CNN Based Intrusion Detection System for Internet of Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11812.pdf)
>  Modern vehicles, including autonomous vehicles and connected vehicles, are increasingly connected to the external world, which enables various functionalities and services. However, the improving connectivity also increases the attack surfaces of the Internet of Vehicles (IoV), causing its vulnerabilities to cyber-threats. Due to the lack of authentication and encryption procedures in vehicular networks, Intrusion Detection Systems (IDSs) are essential approaches to protect modern vehicle systems from network attacks. In this paper, a transfer learning and ensemble learning-based IDS is proposed for IoV systems using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and hyper-parameter optimization techniques. In the experiments, the proposed IDS has demonstrated over 99.25% detection rates and F1-scores on two well-known public benchmark IoV security datasets: the Car-Hacking dataset and the CICIDS2017 dataset. This shows the effectiveness of the proposed IDS for cyber-attack detection in both intra-vehicle and external vehicular networks.      
### 52.Neural JPEG: End-to-End Image Compression Leveraging a Standard JPEG Encoder-Decoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11795.pdf)
>  Recent advances in deep learning have led to superhuman performance across a variety of applications. Recently, these methods have been successfully employed to improve the rate-distortion performance in the task of image compression. However, current methods either use additional post-processing blocks on the decoder end to improve compression or propose an end-to-end compression scheme based on heuristics. For the majority of these, the trained deep neural networks (DNNs) are not compatible with standard encoders and would be difficult to deply on personal computers and cellphones. In light of this, we propose a system that learns to improve the encoding performance by enhancing its internal neural representations on both the encoder and decoder ends, an approach we call Neural JPEG. We propose frequency domain pre-editing and post-editing methods to optimize the distribution of the DCT coefficients at both encoder and decoder ends in order to improve the standard compression (JPEG) method. Moreover, we design and integrate a scheme for jointly learning quantization tables within this hybrid neural compression framework.Experiments demonstrate that our approach successfully improves the rate-distortion performance over JPEG across various quality metrics, such as PSNR and MS-SSIM, and generates visually appealing images with better color retention quality.      
### 53.Denoising Diffusion Restoration Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.11793.pdf)
>  Many interesting tasks in image restoration can be cast as linear inverse problems. A recent family of approaches for solving these problems uses stochastic algorithms that sample from the posterior distribution of natural images given the measurements. However, efficient solutions often require problem-specific supervised training to model the posterior, whereas unsupervised methods that are not problem-specific typically rely on inefficient iterative methods. This work addresses these issues by introducing Denoising Diffusion Restoration Models (DDRM), an efficient, unsupervised posterior sampling method. Motivated by variational inference, DDRM takes advantage of a pre-trained denoising diffusion generative model for solving any linear inverse problem. We demonstrate DDRM's versatility on several image datasets for super-resolution, deblurring, inpainting, and colorization under various amounts of measurement noise. DDRM outperforms the current leading unsupervised methods on the diverse ImageNet dataset in reconstruction quality, perceptual quality, and runtime, being 5x faster than the nearest competitor. DDRM also generalizes well for natural images out of the distribution of the observed ImageNet training set.      
