# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 14 Jan 2022
### 1.Beyond Simple Meta-Learning: Multi-Purpose Models for Multi-Domain, Active and Continual Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05151.pdf)
>  Modern deep learning requires large-scale extensively labelled datasets for training. Few-shot learning aims to alleviate this issue by learning effectively from few labelled examples. In previously proposed few-shot visual classifiers, it is assumed that the feature manifold, where classifier decisions are made, has uncorrelated feature dimensions and uniform feature variance. In this work, we focus on addressing the limitations arising from this assumption by proposing a variance-sensitive class of models that operates in a low-label regime. The first method, Simple CNAPS, employs a hierarchically regularized Mahalanobis-distance based classifier combined with a state of the art neural adaptive feature extractor to achieve strong performance on Meta-Dataset, mini-ImageNet and tiered-ImageNet benchmarks. We further extend this approach to a transductive learning setting, proposing Transductive CNAPS. This transductive method combines a soft k-means parameter refinement procedure with a two-step task encoder to achieve improved test-time classification accuracy using unlabelled data. Transductive CNAPS achieves state of the art performance on Meta-Dataset. Finally, we explore the use of our methods (Simple and Transductive) for "out of the box" continual and active learning. Extensive experiments on large scale benchmarks illustrate robustness and versatility of this, relatively speaking, simple class of models. All trained model checkpoints and corresponding source codes have been made publicly available.      
### 2.SimReg: Regression as a Simple Yet Effective Tool for Self-supervised Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05131.pdf)
>  Feature regression is a simple way to distill large neural network models to smaller ones. We show that with simple changes to the network architecture, regression can outperform more complex state-of-the-art approaches for knowledge distillation from self-supervised models. Surprisingly, the addition of a multi-layer perceptron head to the CNN backbone is beneficial even if used only during distillation and discarded in the downstream task. Deeper non-linear projections can thus be used to accurately mimic the teacher without changing inference architecture and time. Moreover, we utilize independent projection heads to simultaneously distill multiple teacher networks. We also find that using the same weakly augmented image as input for both teacher and student networks aids distillation. Experiments on ImageNet dataset demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed changes in various self-supervised distillation settings.      
### 3.STEdge: Self-training Edge Detection with Multi-layer Teaching and Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05121.pdf)
>  Learning-based edge detection has hereunto been strongly supervised with pixel-wise annotations which are tedious to obtain manually. We study the problem of self-training edge detection, leveraging the untapped wealth of large-scale unlabeled image datasets. We design a self-supervised framework with multi-layer regularization and self-teaching. In particular, we impose a consistency regularization which enforces the outputs from each of the multiple layers to be consistent for the input image and its perturbed counterpart. We adopt L0-smoothing as the 'perturbation' to encourage edge prediction lying on salient boundaries following the cluster assumption in self-supervised learning. Meanwhile, the network is trained with multi-layer supervision by pseudo labels which are initialized with Canny edges and then iteratively refined by the network as the training proceeds. The regularization and self-teaching together attain a good balance of precision and recall, leading to a significant performance boost over supervised methods, with lightweight refinement on the target dataset. Furthermore, our method demonstrates strong cross-dataset generality. For example, it attains 4.8% improvement for ODS and 5.8% for OIS when tested on the unseen BIPED dataset, compared to the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 4.SeamlessGAN: Self-Supervised Synthesis of Tileable Texture Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05120.pdf)
>  We present SeamlessGAN, a method capable of automatically generating tileable texture maps from a single input exemplar. In contrast to most existing methods, focused solely on solving the synthesis problem, our work tackles both problems, synthesis and tileability, simultaneously. Our key idea is to realize that tiling a latent space within a generative network trained using adversarial expansion techniques produces outputs with continuity at the seam intersection that can be then be turned into tileable images by cropping the central area. Since not every value of the latent space is valid to produce high-quality outputs, we leverage the discriminator as a perceptual error metric capable of identifying artifact-free textures during a sampling process. Further, in contrast to previous work on deep texture synthesis, our model is designed and optimized to work with multi-layered texture representations, enabling textures composed of multiple maps such as albedo, normals, etc. We extensively test our design choices for the network architecture, loss function and sampling parameters. We show qualitatively and quantitatively that our approach outperforms previous methods and works for textures of different types.      
### 5.Pushing the limits of self-supervised ResNets: Can we outperform supervised learning without labels on ImageNet?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05119.pdf)
>  Despite recent progress made by self-supervised methods in representation learning with residual networks, they still underperform supervised learning on the ImageNet classification benchmark, limiting their applicability in performance-critical settings. Building on prior theoretical insights from Mitrovic et al., 2021, we propose ReLICv2 which combines an explicit invariance loss with a contrastive objective over a varied set of appropriately constructed data views. ReLICv2 achieves 77.1% top-1 classification accuracy on ImageNet using linear evaluation with a ResNet50 architecture and 80.6% with larger ResNet models, outperforming previous state-of-the-art self-supervised approaches by a wide margin. Most notably, ReLICv2 is the first representation learning method to consistently outperform the supervised baseline in a like-for-like comparison using a range of standard ResNet architectures. Finally we show that despite using ResNet encoders, ReLICv2 is comparable to state-of-the-art self-supervised vision transformers.      
### 6.CLIP-Event: Connecting Text and Images with Event Structures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05078.pdf)
>  Vision-language (V+L) pretraining models have achieved great success in supporting multimedia applications by understanding the alignments between images and text. While existing vision-language pretraining models primarily focus on understanding objects in images or entities in text, they often ignore the alignment at the level of events and their argument structures. % In this work, we propose a contrastive learning framework to enforce vision-language pretraining models to comprehend events and associated argument (participant) roles. To achieve this, we take advantage of text information extraction technologies to obtain event structural knowledge, and utilize multiple prompt functions to contrast difficult negative descriptions by manipulating event structures. We also design an event graph alignment loss based on optimal transport to capture event argument structures. In addition, we collect a large event-rich dataset (106,875 images) for pretraining, which provides a more challenging image retrieval benchmark to assess the understanding of complicated lengthy sentences. Experiments show that our zero-shot CLIP-Event outperforms the state-of-the-art supervised model in argument extraction on Multimedia Event Extraction, achieving more than 5\% absolute F-score gain in event extraction, as well as significant improvements on a variety of downstream tasks under zero-shot settings.      
### 7.On Adversarial Robustness of Trajectory Prediction for Autonomous Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05057.pdf)
>  Trajectory prediction is a critical component for autonomous vehicles (AVs) to perform safe planning and navigation. However, few studies have analyzed the adversarial robustness of trajectory prediction or investigated whether the worst-case prediction can still lead to safe planning. To bridge this gap, we study the adversarial robustness of trajectory prediction models by proposing a new adversarial attack that perturbs normal vehicle trajectories to maximize the prediction error. Our experiments on three models and three datasets show that the adversarial prediction increases the prediction error by more than 150%. Our case studies show that if an adversary drives a vehicle close to the target AV following the adversarial trajectory, the AV may make an inaccurate prediction and even make unsafe driving decisions. We also explore possible mitigation techniques via data augmentation and trajectory smoothing.      
### 8.TransVOD: End-to-end Video Object Detection with Spatial-Temporal Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05047.pdf)
>  Detection Transformer (DETR) and Deformable DETR have been proposed to eliminate the need for many hand-designed components in object detection while demonstrating good performance as previous complex hand-crafted detectors. However, their performance on Video Object Detection (VOD) has not been well explored. In this paper, we present TransVOD, the first end-to-end video object detection system based on spatial-temporal Transformer architectures. The first goal of this paper is to streamline the pipeline of VOD, effectively removing the need for many hand-crafted components for feature aggregation, e.g., optical flow model, relation networks. Besides, benefited from the object query design in DETR, our method does not need complicated post-processing methods such as Seq-NMS. In particular, we present a temporal Transformer to aggregate both the spatial object queries and the feature memories of each frame. Our temporal transformer consists of two components: Temporal Query Encoder (TQE) to fuse object queries, and Temporal Deformable Transformer Decoder (TDTD) to obtain current frame detection results. These designs boost the strong baseline deformable DETR by a significant margin (3%-4% mAP) on the ImageNet VID dataset. Then, we present two improved versions of TransVOD including TransVOD++ and TransVOD Lite. The former fuses object-level information into object query via dynamic convolution while the latter models the entire video clips as the output to speed up the inference time. We give detailed analysis of all three models in the experiment part. In particular, our proposed TransVOD++ sets a new state-of-the-art record in terms of accuracy on ImageNet VID with 90.0% mAP. Our proposed TransVOD Lite also achieves the best speed and accuracy trade-off with 83.7% mAP while running at around 30 FPS on a single V100 GPU device. Code and models will be available for further research.      
### 9.Stereo Magnification with Multi-Layer Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05023.pdf)
>  Representing scenes with multiple semi-transparent colored layers has been a popular and successful choice for real-time novel view synthesis. Existing approaches infer colors and transparency values over regularly-spaced layers of planar or spherical shape. In this work, we introduce a new view synthesis approach based on multiple semi-transparent layers with scene-adapted geometry. Our approach infers such representations from stereo pairs in two stages. The first stage infers the geometry of a small number of data-adaptive layers from a given pair of views. The second stage infers the color and the transparency values for these layers producing the final representation for novel view synthesis. Importantly, both stages are connected through a differentiable renderer and are trained in an end-to-end manner. In the experiments, we demonstrate the advantage of the proposed approach over the use of regularly-spaced layers with no adaptation to scene geometry. Despite being orders of magnitude faster during rendering, our approach also outperforms a recently proposed IBRNet system based on implicit geometry representation. See results at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://samsunglabs.github.io/StereoLayers" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 10.Self-semantic contour adaptation for cross modality brain tumor segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05022.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) between two significantly disparate domains to learn high-level semantic alignment is a crucial yet challenging task.~To this end, in this work, we propose exploiting low-level edge information to facilitate the adaptation as a precursor task, which has a small cross-domain gap, compared with semantic segmentation.~The precise contour then provides spatial information to guide the semantic adaptation. More specifically, we propose a multi-task framework to learn a contouring adaptation network along with a semantic segmentation adaptation network, which takes both magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) slice and its initial edge map as input.~These two networks are jointly trained with source domain labels, and the feature and edge map level adversarial learning is carried out for cross-domain alignment. In addition, self-entropy minimization is incorporated to further enhance segmentation performance. We evaluated our framework on the BraTS2018 database for cross-modality segmentation of brain tumors, showing the validity and superiority of our approach, compared with competing methods.      
### 11.Automatic Sparse Connectivity Learning for Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05020.pdf)
>  Since sparse neural networks usually contain many zero weights, these unnecessary network connections can potentially be eliminated without degrading network performance. Therefore, well-designed sparse neural networks have the potential to significantly reduce FLOPs and computational resources. In this work, we propose a new automatic pruning method - Sparse Connectivity Learning (SCL). Specifically, a weight is re-parameterized as an element-wise multiplication of a trainable weight variable and a binary mask. Thus, network connectivity is fully described by the binary mask, which is modulated by a unit step function. We theoretically prove the fundamental principle of using a straight-through estimator (STE) for network pruning. This principle is that the proxy gradients of STE should be positive, ensuring that mask variables converge at their minima. After finding Leaky ReLU, Softplus, and Identity STEs can satisfy this principle, we propose to adopt Identity STE in SCL for discrete mask relaxation. We find that mask gradients of different features are very unbalanced, hence, we propose to normalize mask gradients of each feature to optimize mask variable training. In order to automatically train sparse masks, we include the total number of network connections as a regularization term in our objective function. As SCL does not require pruning criteria or hyper-parameters defined by designers for network layers, the network is explored in a larger hypothesis space to achieve optimized sparse connectivity for the best performance. SCL overcomes the limitations of existing automatic pruning methods. Experimental results demonstrate that SCL can automatically learn and select important network connections for various baseline network structures. Deep learning models trained by SCL outperform the SOTA human-designed and automatic pruning methods in sparsity, accuracy, and FLOPs reduction.      
### 12.Multi-granularity Association Learning Framework for on-the-fly Fine-Grained Sketch-based Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05007.pdf)
>  Fine-grained sketch-based image retrieval (FG-SBIR) addresses the problem of retrieving a particular photo in a given query sketch. However, its widespread applicability is limited by the fact that it is difficult to draw a complete sketch for most people, and the drawing process often takes time. In this study, we aim to retrieve the target photo with the least number of strokes possible (incomplete sketch), named on-the-fly FG-SBIR (Bhunia et al. 2020), which starts retrieving at each stroke as soon as the drawing begins. We consider that there is a significant correlation among these incomplete sketches in the sketch drawing episode of each photo. To learn more efficient joint embedding space shared between the photo and its incomplete sketches, we propose a multi-granularity association learning framework that further optimizes the embedding space of all incomplete sketches. Specifically, based on the integrity of the sketch, we can divide a complete sketch episode into several stages, each of which corresponds to a simple linear mapping layer. Moreover, our framework guides the vector space representation of the current sketch to approximate that of its later sketches to realize the retrieval performance of the sketch with fewer strokes to approach that of the sketch with more strokes. In the experiments, we proposed more realistic challenges, and our method achieved superior early retrieval efficiency over the state-of-the-art methods and alternative baselines on two publicly available fine-grained sketch retrieval datasets.      
### 13.Learning Semantic Abstraction of Shape via 3D Region of Interest  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04945.pdf)
>  In this paper, we focus on the two tasks of 3D shape abstraction and semantic analysis. This is in contrast to current methods, which focus solely on either 3D shape abstraction or semantic analysis. In addition, previous methods have had difficulty producing instance-level semantic results, which has limited their application. We present a novel method for the joint estimation of a 3D shape abstraction and semantic analysis. Our approach first generates a number of 3D semantic candidate regions for a 3D shape; we then employ these candidates to directly predict the semantic categories and refine the parameters of the candidate regions simultaneously using a deep convolutional neural network. Finally, we design an algorithm to fuse the predicted results and obtain the final semantic abstraction, which is shown to be an improvement over a standard non maximum suppression. Experimental results demonstrate that our approach can produce state-of-the-art results. Moreover, we also find that our results can be easily applied to instance-level semantic part segmentation and shape matching.      
### 14.Technical Report for ICCV 2021 Challenge SSLAD-Track3B: Transformers Are Better Continual Learners  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04924.pdf)
>  In the SSLAD-Track 3B challenge on continual learning, we propose the method of COntinual Learning with Transformer (COLT). We find that transformers suffer less from catastrophic forgetting compared to convolutional neural network. The major principle of our method is to equip the transformer based feature extractor with old knowledge distillation and head expanding strategies to compete catastrophic forgetting. In this report, we first introduce the overall framework of continual learning for object detection. Then, we analyse the key elements' effect on withstanding catastrophic forgetting in our solution. Our method achieves 70.78 mAP on the SSLAD-Track 3B challenge test set.      
### 15.Hand-Object Interaction Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04906.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an interaction reasoning network for modelling spatio-temporal relationships between hands and objects in video. The proposed interaction unit utilises a Transformer module to reason about each acting hand, and its spatio-temporal relation to the other hand as well as objects being interacted with. We show that modelling two-handed interactions are critical for action recognition in egocentric video, and demonstrate that by using positionally-encoded trajectories, the network can better recognise observed interactions. We evaluate our proposal on EPIC-KITCHENS and Something-Else datasets, with an ablation study.      
### 16.Flexible Style Image Super-Resolution using Conditional Objective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04898.pdf)
>  Recent studies have significantly enhanced the performance of single-image super-resolution (SR) using convolutional neural networks (CNNs). While there can be many high-resolution (HR) solutions for a given input, most existing CNN-based methods do not explore alternative solutions during the inference. A typical approach to obtaining alternative SR results is to train multiple SR models with different loss weightings and exploit the combination of these models. Instead of using multiple models, we present a more efficient method to train a single adjustable SR model on various combinations of losses by taking advantage of multi-task learning. Specifically, we optimize an SR model with a conditional objective during training, where the objective is a weighted sum of multiple perceptual losses at different feature levels. The weights vary according to given conditions, and the set of weights is defined as a style controller. Also, we present an architecture appropriate for this training scheme, which is the Residual-in-Residual Dense Block equipped with spatial feature transformation layers. At the inference phase, our trained model can generate locally different outputs conditioned on the style control map. Extensive experiments show that the proposed SR model produces various desirable reconstructions without artifacts and yields comparable quantitative performance to state-of-the-art SR methods.      
### 17.VoLux-GAN: A Generative Model for 3D Face Synthesis with HDRI Relighting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04873.pdf)
>  We propose VoLux-GAN, a generative framework to synthesize 3D-aware faces with convincing relighting. Our main contribution is a volumetric HDRI relighting method that can efficiently accumulate albedo, diffuse and specular lighting contributions along each 3D ray for any desired HDR environmental map. Additionally, we show the importance of supervising the image decomposition process using multiple discriminators. In particular, we propose a data augmentation technique that leverages recent advances in single image portrait relighting to enforce consistent geometry, albedo, diffuse and specular components. Multiple experiments and comparisons with other generative frameworks show how our model is a step forward towards photorealistic relightable 3D generative models.      
### 18.Weakly Supervised Scene Text Detection using Deep Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04866.pdf)
>  The challenging field of scene text detection requires complex data annotation, which is time-consuming and expensive. Techniques, such as weak supervision, can reduce the amount of data needed. In this paper we propose a weak supervision method for scene text detection, which makes use of reinforcement learning (RL). The reward received by the RL agent is estimated by a neural network, instead of being inferred from ground-truth labels. First, we enhance an existing supervised RL approach to text detection with several training optimizations, allowing us to close the performance gap to regression-based algorithms. We then use our proposed system in a weakly- and semi-supervised training on real-world data. Our results show that training in a weakly supervised setting is feasible. However, we find that using our model in a semi-supervised setting , e.g. when combining labeled synthetic data with unannotated real-world data, produces the best results.      
### 19.MetaDance: Few-shot Dancing Video Retargeting via Temporal-aware Meta-learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04851.pdf)
>  Dancing video retargeting aims to synthesize a video that transfers the dance movements from a source video to a target person. Previous work need collect a several-minute-long video of a target person with thousands of frames to train a personalized model. However, the trained model can only generate videos of the same person. To address the limitations, recent work tackled few-shot dancing video retargeting, which learns to synthesize videos of unseen persons by leveraging a few frames of them. In practice, given a few frames of a person, these work simply regarded them as a batch of individual images without temporal correlations, thus generating temporally incoherent dancing videos of low visual quality. In this work, we model a few frames of a person as a series of dancing moves, where each move contains two consecutive frames, to extract the appearance patterns and the temporal dynamics of this person. We propose MetaDance, which utilizes temporal-aware meta-learning to optimize the initialization of a model through the synthesis of dancing moves, such that the meta-trained model can be efficiently tuned towards enhanced visual quality and strengthened temporal stability for unseen persons with a few frames. Extensive evaluations show large superiority of our method.      
### 20.BridgeFormer: Bridging Video-text Retrieval with Multiple Choice Questions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04850.pdf)
>  Pre-training a model to learn transferable video-text representation for retrieval has attracted a lot of attention in recent years. Previous dominant works mainly adopt two separate encoders for efficient retrieval, but ignore local associations between videos and texts. Another line of research uses a joint encoder to interact video with texts, but results in low efficiency since each text-video pair needs to be fed into the model. In this work, we enable fine-grained video-text interactions while maintaining high efficiency for retrieval via a novel pretext task, dubbed as Multiple Choice Questions (MCQ), where a parametric module BridgeFormer is trained to answer the "questions" constructed by the text features via resorting to the video features. Specifically, we exploit the rich semantics of text (i.e., nouns and verbs) to build questions, with which the video encoder can be trained to capture more regional content and temporal dynamics. In the form of questions and answers, the semantic associations between local video-text features can be properly established. BridgeFormer is able to be removed for downstream retrieval, rendering an efficient and flexible model with only two encoders. Our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods on the popular text-to-video retrieval task in five datasets with different experimental setups (i.e., zero-shot and fine-tune), including HowTo100M (one million videos). We further conduct zero-shot action recognition, which can be cast as video-to-text retrieval, and our approach also significantly surpasses its counterparts. As an additional benefit, our method achieves competitive results with much shorter pre-training videos on single-modality downstream tasks, e.g., action recognition with linear evaluation.      
### 21.SnapshotNet: Self-supervised Feature Learning for Point Cloud Data Segmentation Using Minimal Labeled Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04833.pdf)
>  Manually annotating complex scene point cloud datasets is both costly and error-prone. To reduce the reliance on labeled data, a new model called SnapshotNet is proposed as a self-supervised feature learning approach, which directly works on the unlabeled point cloud data of a complex 3D scene. The SnapshotNet pipeline includes three stages. In the snapshot capturing stage, snapshots, which are defined as local collections of points, are sampled from the point cloud scene. A snapshot could be a view of a local 3D scan directly captured from the real scene, or a virtual view of such from a large 3D point cloud dataset. Snapshots could also be sampled at different sampling rates or fields of view (FOVs), thus multi-FOV snapshots, to capture scale information from the scene. In the feature learning stage, a new pre-text task called multi-FOV contrasting is proposed to recognize whether two snapshots are from the same object or not, within the same FOV or across different FOVs. Snapshots go through two self-supervised learning steps: the contrastive learning step with both part and scale contrasting, followed by a snapshot clustering step to extract higher level semantic features. Then a weakly-supervised segmentation stage is implemented by first training a standard SVM classifier on the learned features with a small fraction of labeled snapshots. The trained SVM is used to predict labels for input snapshots and predicted labels are converted into point-wise label assignments for semantic segmentation of the entire scene using a voting procedure. The experiments are conducted on the Semantic3D dataset and the results have shown that the proposed method is capable of learning effective features from snapshots of complex scene data without any labels. Moreover, the proposed method has shown advantages when comparing to the SOA method on weakly-supervised point cloud semantic segmentation.      
### 22.S$^2$FPR: Crowd Counting via Self-Supervised Coarse to Fine Feature Pyramid Ranking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04819.pdf)
>  Most conventional crowd counting methods utilize a fully-supervised learning framework to learn a mapping between scene images and crowd density maps. Under the circumstances of such fully-supervised training settings, a large quantity of expensive and time-consuming pixel-level annotations are required to generate density maps as the supervision. One way to reduce costly labeling is to exploit self-structural information and inner-relations among unlabeled images. Unlike the previous methods utilizing these relations and structural information from the original image level, we explore such self-relations from the latent feature spaces because it can extract more abundant relations and structural information. Specifically, we propose S$^2$FPR which can extract structural information and learn partial orders of coarse-to-fine pyramid features in the latent space for better crowd counting with massive unlabeled images. In addition, we collect a new unlabeled crowd counting dataset (FUDAN-UCC) with 4,000 images in total for training. One by-product is that our proposed S$^2$FPR method can leverage numerous partial orders in the latent space among unlabeled images to strengthen the model representation capability and reduce the estimation errors for the crowd counting task. Extensive experiments on four benchmark datasets, i.e. the UCF-QNRF, the ShanghaiTech PartA and PartB, and the UCF-CC-50, show the effectiveness of our method compared with previous semi-supervised methods. The source code and dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bridgeqiqi/S2FPR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.Conditional Variational Autoencoder with Balanced Pre-training for Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04809.pdf)
>  Class imbalance occurs in many real-world applications, including image classification, where the number of images in each class differs significantly. With imbalanced data, the generative adversarial networks (GANs) leans to majority class samples. The two recent methods, Balancing GAN (BAGAN) and improved BAGAN (BAGAN-GP), are proposed as an augmentation tool to handle this problem and restore the balance to the data. The former pre-trains the autoencoder weights in an unsupervised manner. However, it is unstable when the images from different categories have similar features. The latter is improved based on BAGAN by facilitating supervised autoencoder training, but the pre-training is biased towards the majority classes. In this work, we propose a novel Conditional Variational Autoencoder with Balanced Pre-training for Generative Adversarial Networks (CAPGAN) as an augmentation tool to generate realistic synthetic images. In particular, we utilize a conditional convolutional variational autoencoder with supervised and balanced pre-training for the GAN initialization and training with gradient penalty. Our proposed method presents a superior performance of other state-of-the-art methods on the highly imbalanced version of MNIST, Fashion-MNIST, CIFAR-10, and two medical imaging datasets. Our method can synthesize high-quality minority samples in terms of Fréchet inception distance, structural similarity index measure and perceptual quality.      
### 24.RealGait: Gait Recognition for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04806.pdf)
>  Human gait is considered a unique biometric identifier which can be acquired in a covert manner at a distance. However, models trained on existing public domain gait datasets which are captured in controlled scenarios lead to drastic performance decline when applied to real-world unconstrained gait data. On the other hand, video person re-identification techniques have achieved promising performance on large-scale publicly available datasets. Given the diversity of clothing characteristics, clothing cue is not reliable for person recognition in general. So, it is actually not clear why the state-of-the-art person re-identification methods work as well as they do. In this paper, we construct a new gait dataset by extracting silhouettes from an existing video person re-identification challenge which consists of 1,404 persons walking in an unconstrained manner. Based on this dataset, a consistent and comparative study between gait recognition and person re-identification can be carried out. Given that our experimental results show that current gait recognition approaches designed under data collected in controlled scenarios are inappropriate for real surveillance scenarios, we propose a novel gait recognition method, called RealGait. Our results suggest that recognizing people by their gait in real surveillance scenarios is feasible and the underlying gait pattern is probably the true reason why video person re-idenfification works in practice.      
### 25.Scalable Cluster-Consistency Statistics for Robust Multi-Object Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04797.pdf)
>  We develop new statistics for robustly filtering corrupted keypoint matches in the structure from motion pipeline. The statistics are based on consistency constraints that arise within the clustered structure of the graph of keypoint matches. The statistics are designed to give smaller values to corrupted matches and than uncorrupted matches. These new statistics are combined with an iterative reweighting scheme to filter keypoints, which can then be fed into any standard structure from motion pipeline. This filtering method can be efficiently implemented and scaled to massive datasets as it only requires sparse matrix multiplication. We demonstrate the efficacy of this method on synthetic and real structure from motion datasets and show that it achieves state-of-the-art accuracy and speed in these tasks.      
### 26.CFNet: Learning Correlation Functions for One-Stage Panoptic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04796.pdf)
>  Recently, there is growing attention on one-stage panoptic segmentation methods which aim to segment instances and stuff jointly within a fully convolutional pipeline efficiently. However, most of the existing works directly feed the backbone features to various segmentation heads ignoring the demands for semantic and instance segmentation are different: The former needs semantic-level discriminative features, while the latter requires features to be distinguishable across instances. To alleviate this, we propose to first predict semantic-level and instance-level correlations among different locations that are utilized to enhance the backbone features, and then feed the improved discriminative features into the corresponding segmentation heads, respectively. Specifically, we organize the correlations between a given location and all locations as a continuous sequence and predict it as a whole. Considering that such a sequence can be extremely complicated, we adopt Discrete Fourier Transform (DFT), a tool that can approximate an arbitrary sequence parameterized by amplitudes and phrases. For different tasks, we generate these parameters from the backbone features in a fully convolutional way which is optimized implicitly by corresponding tasks. As a result, these accurate and consistent correlations contribute to producing plausible discriminative features which meet the requirements of the complicated panoptic segmentation task. To verify the effectiveness of our methods, we conduct experiments on several challenging panoptic segmentation datasets and achieve state-of-the-art performance on MS COCO with $45.1$\% PQ and ADE20k with $32.6$\% PQ.      
### 27.AI Singapore Trusted Media Challenge Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04788.pdf)
>  The development of powerful deep learning technologies has brought about some negative effects to both society and individuals. One such issue is the emergence of fake media. To tackle the issue, we have organized the Trusted Media Challenge (TMC) to explore how Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies could be leveraged to combat fake media. <br>Together with the challenge, we have released a challenge dataset which consists of 4,380 fake and 2,563 real videos. All these videos are accompanied with audios and different video and/or audio manipulation methods are adopted to produce different types of fake media. The videos in the dataset have various durations, background, illumination, a minimum resolution of 360p and may contain perturbations that mimic transmission errors and bad compression. <br>We have also carried out a user study to demonstrate the quality of our composed dataset. The results show that our dataset has a promising quality and can fool human participants in many cases.      
### 28.A Survey on Masked Facial Detection Methods and Datasets for Fighting Against COVID-19  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04777.pdf)
>  Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) continues to pose a great challenge to the world since its outbreak. To fight against the disease, a series of artificial intelligence (AI) techniques are developed and applied to real-world scenarios such as safety monitoring, disease diagnosis, infection risk assessment, lesion segmentation of COVID-19 CT scans,etc. The coronavirus epidemics have forced people wear masks to counteract the transmission of virus, which also brings difficulties to monitor large groups of people wearing masks. In this paper, we primarily focus on the AI techniques of masked facial detection and related datasets. We survey the recent advances, beginning with the descriptions of masked facial detection datasets. Thirteen available datasets are described and discussed in details. Then, the methods are roughly categorized into two classes: conventional methods and neural network-based methods. Conventional methods are usually trained by boosting algorithms with hand-crafted features, which accounts for a small proportion. Neural network-based methods are further classified as three parts according to the number of processing stages. Representative algorithms are described in detail, coupled with some typical techniques that are described briefly. Finally, we summarize the recent benchmarking results, give the discussions on the limitations of datasets and methods, and expand future research directions. To our knowledge, this is the first survey about masked facial detection methods and datasets. Hopefully our survey could provide some help to fight against epidemics.      
### 29.Unlocking large-scale crop field delineation in smallholder farming systems with transfer learning and weak supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04771.pdf)
>  Crop field boundaries aid in mapping crop types, predicting yields, and delivering field-scale analytics to farmers. Recent years have seen the successful application of deep learning to delineating field boundaries in industrial agricultural systems, but field boundary datasets remain missing in smallholder systems due to (1) small fields that require high resolution satellite imagery to delineate and (2) a lack of ground labels for model training and validation. In this work, we combine transfer learning and weak supervision to overcome these challenges, and we demonstrate the methods' success in India where we efficiently generated 10,000 new field labels. Our best model uses 1.5m resolution Airbus SPOT imagery as input, pre-trains a state-of-the-art neural network on France field boundaries, and fine-tunes on India labels to achieve a median Intersection over Union (IoU) of 0.86 in India. If using 4.8m resolution PlanetScope imagery instead, the best model achieves a median IoU of 0.72. Experiments also show that pre-training in France reduces the number of India field labels needed to achieve a given performance level by as much as $20\times$ when datasets are small. These findings suggest our method is a scalable approach for delineating crop fields in regions of the world that currently lack field boundary datasets. We publicly release the 10,000 labels and delineation model to facilitate the creation of field boundary maps and new methods by the community.      
### 30.Collision Detection: An Improved Deep Learning Approach Using SENet and ResNext  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04766.pdf)
>  In recent days, with increased population and traffic on roadways, vehicle collision is one of the leading causes of death worldwide. The automotive industry is motivated on developing techniques to use sensors and advancements in the field of computer vision to build collision detection and collision prevention systems to assist drivers. In this article, a deep-learning-based model comprising of ResNext architecture with SENet blocks is proposed. The performance of the model is compared to popular deep learning models like VGG16, VGG19, Resnet50, and stand-alone ResNext. The proposed model outperforms the existing baseline models achieving a ROC-AUC of 0.91 using a significantly less proportion of the GTACrash synthetic data for training, thus reducing the computational overhead.      
### 31.Roadside Lidar Vehicle Detection and Tracking Using Range And Intensity Background Subtraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04756.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present the solution of roadside LiDAR object detection using a combination of two unsupervised learning algorithms. The 3D point clouds data are firstly converted into spherical coordinates and filled into the azimuth grid matrix using a hash function. After that, the raw LiDAR data were rearranged into spatial-temporal data structures to store the information of range, azimuth, and intensity. Dynamic Mode Decomposition method is applied for decomposing the point cloud data into low-rank backgrounds and sparse foregrounds based on intensity channel pattern recognition. The Triangle Algorithm automatically finds the dividing value to separate the moving targets from static background according to range information. After intensity and range background subtraction, the foreground moving objects will be detected using a density-based detector and encoded into the state-space model for tracking. The output of the proposed model includes vehicle trajectories that can enable many mobility and safety applications. The method was validated against a commercial traffic data collection platform and demonstrated to be an efficient and reliable solution for infrastructure LiDAR object detection. In contrast to the previous methods that process directly on the scattered and discrete point clouds, the proposed method can establish the less sophisticated linear relationship of the 3D measurement data, which captures the spatial-temporal structure that we often desire.      
### 32.Spatial-Temporal Map Vehicle Trajectory Detection Using Dynamic Mode Decomposition and Res-UNet+ Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04755.pdf)
>  This paper presents a machine-learning-enhanced longitudinal scanline method to extract vehicle trajectories from high-angle traffic cameras. The Dynamic Mode Decomposition (DMD) method is applied to extract vehicle strands by decomposing the Spatial-Temporal Map (STMap) into the sparse foreground and low-rank background. A deep neural network named Res-UNet+ was designed for the semantic segmentation task by adapting two prevalent deep learning architectures. The Res-UNet+ neural networks significantly improve the performance of the STMap-based vehicle detection, and the DMD model provides many interesting insights for understanding the evolution of underlying spatial-temporal structures preserved by STMap. The model outputs were compared with the previous image processing model and mainstream semantic segmentation deep neural networks. After a thorough evaluation, the model is proved to be accurate and robust against many challenging factors. Last but not least, this paper fundamentally addressed many quality issues found in NGSIM trajectory data. The cleaned high-quality trajectory data are published to support future theoretical and modeling research on traffic flow and microscopic vehicle control. This method is a reliable solution for video-based trajectory extraction and has wide applicability.      
### 33.Semantic Labeling of Human Action For Visually Impaired And Blind People Scene Interaction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04706.pdf)
>  The aim of this work is to contribute to the development of a tactile device for visually impaired and blind persons in order to let them to understand actions of the surrounding people and to interact with them. First, based on the state-of-the-art methods of human action recognition from RGB-D sequences, we use the skeleton information provided by Kinect, with the disentangled and unified multi-scale Graph Convolutional (MS-G3D) model to recognize the performed actions. We tested this model on real scenes and found some of constraints and limitations. Next, we apply a fusion between skeleton modality with MS-G3D and depth modality with CNN in order to bypass the discussed limitations. Third, the recognized actions are labeled semantically and will be mapped into an output device perceivable by the touch sense.      
### 34.BigDatasetGAN: Synthesizing ImageNet with Pixel-wise Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04684.pdf)
>  Annotating images with pixel-wise labels is a time-consuming and costly process. Recently, DatasetGAN showcased a promising alternative - to synthesize a large labeled dataset via a generative adversarial network (GAN) by exploiting a small set of manually labeled, GAN-generated images. Here, we scale DatasetGAN to ImageNet scale of class diversity. We take image samples from the class-conditional generative model BigGAN trained on ImageNet, and manually annotate 5 images per class, for all 1k classes. By training an effective feature segmentation architecture on top of BigGAN, we turn BigGAN into a labeled dataset generator. We further show that VQGAN can similarly serve as a dataset generator, leveraging the already annotated data. We create a new ImageNet benchmark by labeling an additional set of 8k real images and evaluate segmentation performance in a variety of settings. Through an extensive ablation study we show big gains in leveraging a large generated dataset to train different supervised and self-supervised backbone models on pixel-wise tasks. Furthermore, we demonstrate that using our synthesized datasets for pre-training leads to improvements over standard ImageNet pre-training on several downstream datasets, such as PASCAL-VOC, MS-COCO, Cityscapes and chest X-ray, as well as tasks (detection, segmentation). Our benchmark will be made public and maintain a leaderboard for this challenging task. Project Page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://nv-tlabs.github.io/big-datasetgan/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 35.Uniformer: Unified Transformer for Efficient Spatiotemporal Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04676.pdf)
>  It is a challenging task to learn rich and multi-scale spatiotemporal semantics from high-dimensional videos, due to large local redundancy and complex global dependency between video frames. The recent advances in this research have been mainly driven by 3D convolutional neural networks and vision transformers. Although 3D convolution can efficiently aggregate local context to suppress local redundancy from a small 3D neighborhood, it lacks the capability to capture global dependency because of the limited receptive field. Alternatively, vision transformers can effectively capture long-range dependency by self-attention mechanism, while having the limitation on reducing local redundancy with blind similarity comparison among all the tokens in each layer. Based on these observations, we propose a novel Unified transFormer (UniFormer) which seamlessly integrates merits of 3D convolution and spatiotemporal self-attention in a concise transformer format, and achieves a preferable balance between computation and accuracy. Different from traditional transformers, our relation aggregator can tackle both spatiotemporal redundancy and dependency, by learning local and global token affinity respectively in shallow and deep layers. We conduct extensive experiments on the popular video benchmarks, e.g., Kinetics-400, Kinetics-600, and Something-Something V1&amp;V2. With only ImageNet-1K pretraining, our UniFormer achieves 82.9%/84.8% top-1 accuracy on Kinetics-400/Kinetics-600, while requiring 10x fewer GFLOPs than other state-of-the-art methods. For Something-Something V1 and V2, our UniFormer achieves new state-of-the-art performances of 60.9% and 71.2% top-1 accuracy respectively. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Sense-X/UniFormer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 36.Fully Adaptive Bayesian Algorithm for Data Analysis, FABADA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05145.pdf)
>  The aim of this paper is to describe a novel non-parametric noise reduction technique from the point of view of Bayesian inference that may automatically improve the signal-to-noise ratio of one- and two-dimensional data, such as e.g. astronomical images and spectra. The algorithm iteratively evaluates possible smoothed versions of the data, the smooth models, obtaining an estimation of the underlying signal that is statistically compatible with the noisy measurements. Iterations stop based on the evidence and the $\chi^2$ statistic of the last smooth model, and we compute the expected value of the signal as a weighted average of the whole set of smooth models. In this paper, we explain the mathematical formalism and numerical implementation of the algorithm, and we evaluate its performance in terms of the peak signal to noise ratio, the structural similarity index, and the time payload, using a battery of real astronomical observations. Our Fully Adaptive Bayesian Algorithm for Data Analysis (FABADA) yields results that, without any parameter tuning, are comparable to standard image processing algorithms whose parameters have been optimized based on the true signal to be recovered, something that is impossible in a real application. State-of-the-art non-parametric methods, such as BM3D, offer slightly better performance at high signal-to-noise ratio, while our algorithm is significantly more accurate for extremely noisy data (higher than $20-40\%$ relative errors, a situation of particular interest in the field of astronomy). In this range, the standard deviation of the residuals obtained by our reconstruction may become more than an order of magnitude lower than that of the original measurements. The source code needed to reproduce all the results presented in this report, including the implementation of the method, is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PabloMSanAla/fabada" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 37.GradMax: Growing Neural Networks using Gradient Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05125.pdf)
>  The architecture and the parameters of neural networks are often optimized independently, which requires costly retraining of the parameters whenever the architecture is modified. In this work we instead focus on growing the architecture without requiring costly retraining. We present a method that adds new neurons during training without impacting what is already learned, while improving the training dynamics. We achieve the latter by maximizing the gradients of the new weights and find the optimal initialization efficiently by means of the singular value decomposition (SVD). We call this technique Gradient Maximizing Growth (GradMax) and demonstrate its effectiveness in variety of vision tasks and architectures.      
### 38.Evaluation of Neural Networks Defenses and Attacks using NDCG and Reciprocal Rank Metrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05071.pdf)
>  The problem of attacks on neural networks through input modification (i.e., adversarial examples) has attracted much attention recently. Being relatively easy to generate and hard to detect, these attacks pose a security breach that many suggested defenses try to mitigate. However, the evaluation of the effect of attacks and defenses commonly relies on traditional classification metrics, without adequate adaptation to adversarial scenarios. Most of these metrics are accuracy-based, and therefore may have a limited scope and low distinctive power. Other metrics do not consider the unique characteristics of neural networks functionality, or measure the effect of the attacks indirectly (e.g., through the complexity of their generation). In this paper, we present two metrics which are specifically designed to measure the effect of attacks, or the recovery effect of defenses, on the output of neural networks in multiclass classification tasks. Inspired by the normalized discounted cumulative gain and the reciprocal rank metrics used in information retrieval literature, we treat the neural network predictions as ranked lists of results. Using additional information about the probability of the rank enabled us to define novel metrics that are suited to the task at hand. We evaluate our metrics using various attacks and defenses on a pretrained VGG19 model and the ImageNet dataset. Compared to the common classification metrics, our proposed metrics demonstrate superior informativeness and distinctiveness.      
### 39.Fantastic Data and How to Query Them  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05026.pdf)
>  It is commonly acknowledged that the availability of the huge amount of (training) data is one of the most important factors for many recent advances in Artificial Intelligence (AI). However, datasets are often designed for specific tasks in narrow AI sub areas and there is no unified way to manage and access them. This not only creates unnecessary overheads when training or deploying Machine Learning models but also limits the understanding of the data, which is very important for data-centric AI. In this paper, we present our vision about a unified framework for different datasets so that they can be integrated and queried easily, e.g., using standard query languages. We demonstrate this in our ongoing work to create a framework for datasets in Computer Vision and show its advantages in different scenarios. Our demonstration is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://vision.semkg.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 40.Toddler-Guidance Learning: Impacts of Critical Period on Multimodal AI Agents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04990.pdf)
>  Critical periods are phases during which a toddler's brain develops in spurts. To promote children's cognitive development, proper guidance is critical in this stage. However, it is not clear whether such a critical period also exists for the training of AI agents. Similar to human toddlers, well-timed guidance and multimodal interactions might significantly enhance the training efficiency of AI agents as well. To validate this hypothesis, we adapt this notion of critical periods to learning in AI agents and investigate the critical period in the virtual environment for AI agents. We formalize the critical period and Toddler-guidance learning in the reinforcement learning (RL) framework. Then, we built up a toddler-like environment with VECA toolkit to mimic human toddlers' learning characteristics. We study three discrete levels of mutual interaction: weak-mentor guidance (sparse reward), moderate mentor guidance (helper-reward), and mentor demonstration (behavioral cloning). We also introduce the EAVE dataset consisting of 30,000 real-world images to fully reflect the toddler's viewpoint. We evaluate the impact of critical periods on AI agents from two perspectives: how and when they are guided best in both uni- and multimodal learning. Our experimental results show that both uni- and multimodal agents with moderate mentor guidance and critical period on 1 million and 2 million training steps show a noticeable improvement. We validate these results with transfer learning on the EAVE dataset and find the performance advancement on the same critical period and the guidance.      
### 41.Realistic Endoscopic Image Generation Method Using Virtual-to-real Image-domain Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04918.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a realistic image generation method for visualization in endoscopic simulation systems. Endoscopic diagnosis and treatment are performed in many hospitals. To reduce complications related to endoscope insertions, endoscopic simulation systems are used for training or rehearsal of endoscope insertions. However, current simulation systems generate non-realistic virtual endoscopic images. To improve the value of the simulation systems, improvement of reality of their generated images is necessary. We propose a realistic image generation method for endoscopic simulation systems. Virtual endoscopic images are generated by using a volume rendering method from a CT volume of a patient. We improve the reality of the virtual endoscopic images using a virtual-to-real image-domain translation technique. The image-domain translator is implemented as a fully convolutional network (FCN). We train the FCN by minimizing a cycle consistency loss function. The FCN is trained using unpaired virtual and real endoscopic images. To obtain high quality image-domain translation results, we perform an image cleansing to the real endoscopic image set. We tested to use the shallow U-Net, U-Net, deep U-Net, and U-Net having residual units as the image-domain translator. The deep U-Net and U-Net having residual units generated quite realistic images.      
### 42.Recursive Least Squares for Training and Pruning Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04813.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have succeeded in many practical applications. However, their high computation and storage requirements often make them difficult to deploy on resource-constrained devices. In order to tackle this issue, many pruning algorithms have been proposed for CNNs, but most of them can't prune CNNs to a reasonable level. In this paper, we propose a novel algorithm for training and pruning CNNs based on the recursive least squares (RLS) optimization. After training a CNN for some epochs, our algorithm combines inverse input autocorrelation matrices and weight matrices to evaluate and prune unimportant input channels or nodes layer by layer. Then, our algorithm will continue to train the pruned network, and won't do the next pruning until the pruned network recovers the full performance of the old network. Besides for CNNs, the proposed algorithm can be used for feedforward neural networks (FNNs). Three experiments on MNIST, CIFAR-10 and SVHN datasets show that our algorithm can achieve the more reasonable pruning and have higher learning efficiency than other four popular pruning algorithms.      
### 43.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Cross-Modality Retinal Vessel Segmentation via Disentangling Representation Style Transfer and Collaborative Consistency Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04812.pdf)
>  Various deep learning models have been developed to segment anatomical structures from medical images, but they typically have poor performance when tested on another target domain with different data distribution. Recently, unsupervised domain adaptation methods have been proposed to alleviate this so-called domain shift issue, but most of them are designed for scenarios with relatively small domain shifts and are likely to fail when encountering a large domain gap. In this paper, we propose DCDA, a novel cross-modality unsupervised domain adaptation framework for tasks with large domain shifts, e.g., segmenting retinal vessels from OCTA and OCT images. DCDA mainly consists of a disentangling representation style transfer (DRST) module and a collaborative consistency learning (CCL) module. DRST decomposes images into content components and style codes and performs style transfer and image reconstruction. CCL contains two segmentation models, one for source domain and the other for target domain. The two models use labeled data (together with the corresponding transferred images) for supervised learning and perform collaborative consistency learning on unlabeled data. Each model focuses on the corresponding single domain and aims to yield an expertized domain-specific segmentation model. Through extensive experiments on retinal vessel segmentation, our framework achieves Dice scores close to target-trained oracle both from OCTA to OCT and from OCT to OCTA, significantly outperforming other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 44.EMT-NET: Efficient multitask network for computer-aided diagnosis of breast cancer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04795.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based computer-aided diagnosis has achieved unprecedented performance in breast cancer detection. However, most approaches are computationally intensive, which impedes their broader dissemination in real-world applications. In this work, we propose an efficient and light-weighted multitask learning architecture to classify and segment breast tumors simultaneously. We incorporate a segmentation task into a tumor classification network, which makes the backbone network learn representations focused on tumor regions. Moreover, we propose a new numerically stable loss function that easily controls the balance between the sensitivity and specificity of cancer detection. The proposed approach is evaluated using a breast ultrasound dataset with 1,511 images. The accuracy, sensitivity, and specificity of tumor classification is 88.6%, 94.1%, and 85.3%, respectively. We validate the model using a virtual mobile device, and the average inference time is 0.35 seconds per image.      
### 45.MAg: a simple learning-based patient-level aggregation method for detecting microsatellite instability from whole-slide images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04769.pdf)
>  The prediction of microsatellite instability (MSI) and microsatellite stability (MSS) is essential in predicting both the treatment response and prognosis of gastrointestinal cancer. In clinical practice, a universal MSI testing is recommended, but the accessibility of such a test is limited. Thus, a more cost-efficient and broadly accessible tool is desired to cover the traditionally untested patients. In the past few years, deep-learning-based algorithms have been proposed to predict MSI directly from haematoxylin and eosin (H&amp;E)-stained whole-slide images (WSIs). Such algorithms can be summarized as (1) patch-level MSI/MSS prediction, and (2) patient-level aggregation. Compared with the advanced deep learning approaches that have been employed for the first stage, only the naïve first-order statistics (e.g., averaging and counting) were employed in the second stage. In this paper, we propose a simple yet broadly generalizable patient-level MSI aggregation (MAg) method to effectively integrate the precious patch-level information. Briefly, the entire probabilistic distribution in the first stage is modeled as histogram-based features to be fused as the final outcome with machine learning (e.g., SVM). The proposed MAg method can be easily used in a plug-and-play manner, which has been evaluated upon five broadly used deep neural networks: ResNet, MobileNetV2, EfficientNet, Dpn and ResNext. From the results, the proposed MAg method consistently improves the accuracy of patient-level aggregation for two publicly available datasets. It is our hope that the proposed method could potentially leverage the low-cost H&amp;E based MSI detection method. The code of our work has been made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Calvin-Pang/MAg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 46.Adversarially Robust Classification by Conditional Generative Model Inversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04733.pdf)
>  Most adversarial attack defense methods rely on obfuscating gradients. These methods are successful in defending against gradient-based attacks; however, they are easily circumvented by attacks which either do not use the gradient or by attacks which approximate and use the corrected gradient. Defenses that do not obfuscate gradients such as adversarial training exist, but these approaches generally make assumptions about the attack such as its magnitude. We propose a classification model that does not obfuscate gradients and is robust by construction without assuming prior knowledge about the attack. Our method casts classification as an optimization problem where we "invert" a conditional generator trained on unperturbed, natural images to find the class that generates the closest sample to the query image. We hypothesize that a potential source of brittleness against adversarial attacks is the high-to-low-dimensional nature of feed-forward classifiers which allows an adversary to find small perturbations in the input space that lead to large changes in the output space. On the other hand, a generative model is typically a low-to-high-dimensional mapping. While the method is related to Defense-GAN, the use of a conditional generative model and inversion in our model instead of the feed-forward classifier is a critical difference. Unlike Defense-GAN, which was shown to generate obfuscated gradients that are easily circumvented, we show that our method does not obfuscate gradients. We demonstrate that our model is extremely robust against black-box attacks and has improved robustness against white-box attacks compared to naturally trained, feed-forward classifiers.      
### 47.Partial-Attribution Instance Segmentation for Astronomical Source Detection and Deblending  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04714.pdf)
>  Astronomical source deblending is the process of separating the contribution of individual stars or galaxies (sources) to an image comprised of multiple, possibly overlapping sources. Astronomical sources display a wide range of sizes and brightnesses and may show substantial overlap in images. Astronomical imaging data can further challenge off-the-shelf computer vision algorithms owing to its high dynamic range, low signal-to-noise ratio, and unconventional image format. These challenges make source deblending an open area of astronomical research, and in this work, we introduce a new approach called Partial-Attribution Instance Segmentation that enables source detection and deblending in a manner tractable for deep learning models. We provide a novel neural network implementation as a demonstration of the method.      
### 48.Early Diagnosis of Parkinsons Disease by Analyzing Magnetic Resonance Imaging Brain Scans and Patient Characteristics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04631.pdf)
>  Parkinsons disease, PD, is a chronic condition that affects motor skills and includes symptoms like tremors and rigidity. The current diagnostic procedure uses patient assessments to evaluate symptoms and sometimes a magnetic resonance imaging or MRI scan. However, symptom variations cause inaccurate assessments, and the analysis of MRI scans requires experienced specialists. This research proposes to accurately diagnose PD severity with deep learning by combining symptoms data and MRI data from the Parkinsons Progression Markers Initiative database. A new hybrid model architecture was implemented to fully utilize both forms of clinical data, and models based on only symptoms and only MRI scans were also developed. The symptoms based model integrates a fully connected deep learning neural network, and the MRI scans and hybrid models integrate transfer learning based convolutional neural networks. Instead of performing only binary classification, all models diagnose patients into five severity categories, with stage zero representing healthy patients and stages four and five representing patients with PD. The symptoms only, MRI scans only, and hybrid models achieved accuracies of 0.77, 0.68, and 0.94, respectively. The hybrid model also had high precision and recall scores of 0.94 and 0.95. Real clinical cases confirm the strong performance of the hybrid, where patients were classified incorrectly with both other models but correctly by the hybrid. It is also consistent across the five severity stages, indicating accurate early detection. This is the first report to combine symptoms data and MRI scans with a machine learning approach on such a large scale.      
