# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 25 Jan 2022
### 1.RePaint: Inpainting using Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09865.pdf)
>  Free-form inpainting is the task of adding new content to an image in the regions specified by an arbitrary binary mask. Most existing approaches train for a certain distribution of masks, which limits their generalization capabilities to unseen mask types. Furthermore, training with pixel-wise and perceptual losses often leads to simple textural extensions towards the missing areas instead of semantically meaningful generation. In this work, we propose RePaint: A Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Model (DDPM) based inpainting approach that is applicable to even extreme masks. We employ a pretrained unconditional DDPM as the generative prior. To condition the generation process, we only alter the reverse diffusion iterations by sampling the unmasked regions using the given image information. Since this technique does not modify or condition the original DDPM network itself, the model produces high-quality and diverse output images for any inpainting form. We validate our method for both faces and general-purpose image inpainting using standard and extreme masks. <br>RePaint outperforms state-of-the-art Autoregressive, and GAN approaches for at least five out of six mask distributions. <br>Github Repository: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://git.io/RePaint" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 2.A Novel Mix-normalization Method for Generalizable Multi-source Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09846.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (Re-ID) has achieved great success in the supervised scenario. However, it is difficult to directly transfer the supervised model to arbitrary unseen domains due to the model overfitting to the seen source domains. In this paper, we aim to tackle the generalizable multi-source person Re-ID task (i.e., there are multiple available source domains, and the testing domain is unseen during training) from the data augmentation perspective, thus we put forward a novel method, termed MixNorm, which consists of domain-aware mix-normalization (DMN) and domain-ware center regularization (DCR). Different from the conventional data augmentation, the proposed domain-aware mix-normalization to enhance the diversity of features during training from the normalization view of the neural network, which can effectively alleviate the model overfitting to the source domains, so as to boost the generalization capability of the model in the unseen domain. To better learn the domain-invariant model, we further develop the domain-aware center regularization to better map the produced diverse features into the same space. Extensive experiments on multiple benchmark datasets validate the effectiveness of the proposed method and show that the proposed method can outperform the state-of-the-art methods. Besides, further analysis also reveals the superiority of the proposed method.      
### 3.Spectral-PQ: A Novel Spectral Sensitivity-Orientated Perceptual Compression Technique for RGB 4:4:4 Video Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09822.pdf)
>  There exists an intrinsic relationship between the spectral sensitivity of the Human Visual System (HVS) and colour perception; these intertwined phenomena are often overlooked in perceptual compression research. In general, most previously proposed visually lossless compression techniques exploit luminance (luma) masking including luma spatiotemporal masking, luma contrast masking and luma texture/edge masking. The perceptual relevance of color in a picture is often overlooked, which constitutes a gap in the literature. With regard to the spectral sensitivity phenomenon of the HVS, the color channels of raw RGB 4:4:4 data contain significant color-based psychovisual redundancies. These perceptual redundancies can be quantized via color channel-level perceptual quantization. In this paper, we propose a novel spatiotemporal visually lossless coding method named Spectral Perceptual Quantization (Spectral-PQ). With application for RGB 4:4:4 video data, Spectral-PQ exploits HVS spectral sensitivity-related color masking in addition to spatial masking and temporal masking; the proposed method operates at the Coding Block (CB) level and the Prediction Unit (PU) level in the HEVC standard. Spectral-PQ perceptually adjusts the Quantization Step Size (QStep) at the CB level if high variance spatial data in G, B and R CBs is detected and also if high motion vector magnitudes in PUs are detected. Compared with anchor 1 (HEVC HM 16.17 RExt), Spectral-PQ considerably reduces bitrates with a maximum reduction of approximately 81%. The Mean Opinion Score (MOS) in the subjective evaluations show that Spectral-PQ successfully achieves perceptually lossless quality.      
### 4.Neural Architecture Searching for Facial Attributes-based Depression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09799.pdf)
>  Recent studies show that depression can be partially reflected from human facial attributes. Since facial attributes have various data structure and carry different information, existing approaches fail to specifically consider the optimal way to extract depression-related features from each of them, as well as investigates the best fusion strategy. In this paper, we propose to extend Neural Architecture Search (NAS) technique for designing an optimal model for multiple facial attributes-based depression recognition, which can be efficiently and robustly implemented in a small dataset. Our approach first conducts a warmer up step to the feature extractor of each facial attribute, aiming to largely reduce the search space and providing customized architecture, where each feature extractor can be either a Convolution Neural Networks (CNN) or Graph Neural Networks (GNN). Then, we conduct an end-to-end architecture search for all feature extractors and the fusion network, allowing the complementary depression cues to be optimally combined with less redundancy. The experimental results on AVEC 2016 dataset show that the model explored by our approach achieves breakthrough performance with 27\% and 30\% RMSE and MAE improvements over the existing state-of-the-art. In light of these findings, this paper provides solid evidences and a strong baseline for applying NAS to time-series data-based mental health analysis.      
### 5.Patches Are All You Need?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09792.pdf)
>  Although convolutional networks have been the dominant architecture for vision tasks for many years, recent experiments have shown that Transformer-based models, most notably the Vision Transformer (ViT), may exceed their performance in some settings. However, due to the quadratic runtime of the self-attention layers in Transformers, ViTs require the use of patch embeddings, which group together small regions of the image into single input features, in order to be applied to larger image sizes. This raises a question: Is the performance of ViTs due to the inherently-more-powerful Transformer architecture, or is it at least partly due to using patches as the input representation? In this paper, we present some evidence for the latter: specifically, we propose the ConvMixer, an extremely simple model that is similar in spirit to the ViT and the even-more-basic MLP-Mixer in that it operates directly on patches as input, separates the mixing of spatial and channel dimensions, and maintains equal size and resolution throughout the network. In contrast, however, the ConvMixer uses only standard convolutions to achieve the mixing steps. Despite its simplicity, we show that the ConvMixer outperforms the ViT, MLP-Mixer, and some of their variants for similar parameter counts and data set sizes, in addition to outperforming classical vision models such as the ResNet. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/locuslab/convmixer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 6.Hot-Refresh Model Upgrades with Regression-Alleviating Compatible Training in Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09724.pdf)
>  The task of hot-refresh model upgrades of image retrieval systems plays an essential role in the industry but has never been investigated in academia before. Conventional cold-refresh model upgrades can only deploy new models after the gallery is overall backfilled, taking weeks or even months for massive data. In contrast, hot-refresh model upgrades deploy the new model immediately and then gradually improve the retrieval accuracy by backfilling the gallery on-the-fly. Compatible training has made it possible, however, the problem of model regression with negative flips poses a great challenge to the stable improvement of user experience. We argue that it is mainly due to the fact that new-to-old positive query-gallery pairs may show less similarity than new-to-new negative pairs. To solve the problem, we introduce a Regression-Alleviating Compatible Training (RACT) method to properly constrain the feature compatibility while reducing negative flips. The core is to encourage the new-to-old positive pairs to be more similar than both the new-to-old negative pairs and the new-to-new negative pairs. An efficient uncertainty-based backfilling strategy is further introduced to fasten accuracy improvements. Extensive experiments on large-scale retrieval benchmarks (e.g., Google Landmark) demonstrate that our RACT effectively alleviates the model regression for one more step towards seamless model upgrades. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/binjiezhang/RACT_ICLR2022" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.Keeping Deep Lithography Simulators Updated: Global-Local Shape-Based Novelty Detection and Active Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09717.pdf)
>  Learning-based pre-simulation (i.e., layout-to-fabrication) models have been proposed to predict the fabrication-induced shape deformation from an IC layout to its fabricated circuit. Such models are usually driven by pairwise learning, involving a training set of layout patterns and their reference shape images after fabrication. However, it is expensive and time-consuming to collect the reference shape images of all layout clips for model training and updating. To address the problem, we propose a deep learning-based layout novelty detection scheme to identify novel (unseen) layout patterns, which cannot be well predicted by a pre-trained pre-simulation model. We devise a global-local novelty scoring mechanism to assess the potential novelty of a layout by exploiting two subnetworks: an autoencoder and a pretrained pre-simulation model. The former characterizes the global structural dissimilarity between a given layout and training samples, whereas the latter extracts a latent code representing the fabrication-induced local deformation. By integrating the global dissimilarity with the local deformation boosted by a self-attention mechanism, our model can accurately detect novelties without the ground-truth circuit shapes of test samples. Based on the detected novelties, we further propose two active-learning strategies to sample a reduced amount of representative layouts most worthy to be fabricated for acquiring their ground-truth circuit shapes. Experimental results demonstrate i) our method's effectiveness in layout novelty detection, and ii) our active-learning strategies' ability in selecting representative novel layouts for keeping a learning-based pre-simulation model updated.      
### 8.Learning Semantics for Visual Place Recognition through Multi-Scale Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09701.pdf)
>  In this paper we address the task of visual place recognition (VPR), where the goal is to retrieve the correct GPS coordinates of a given query image against a huge geotagged gallery. While recent works have shown that building descriptors incorporating semantic and appearance information is beneficial, current state-of-the-art methods opt for a top down definition of the significant semantic content. Here we present the first VPR algorithm that learns robust global embeddings from both visual appearance and semantic content of the data, with the segmentation process being dynamically guided by the recognition of places through a multi-scale attention module. Experiments on various scenarios validate this new approach and demonstrate its performance against state-of-the-art methods. Finally, we propose the first synthetic-world dataset suited for both place recognition and segmentation tasks.      
### 9.Feature transforms for image data augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09700.pdf)
>  A problem with Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) is that they require large datasets to obtain adequate robustness; on small datasets, they are prone to overfitting. Many methods have been proposed to overcome this shortcoming with CNNs. In cases where additional samples cannot easily be collected, a common approach is to generate more data points from existing data using an augmentation technique. In image classification, many augmentation approaches utilize simple image manipulation algorithms. In this work, we build ensembles on the data level by adding images generated by combining fourteen augmentation approaches, three of which are proposed here for the first time. These novel methods are based on the Fourier Transform (FT), the Radon Transform (RT) and the Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT). Pretrained ResNet50 networks are finetuned on training sets that include images derived from each augmentation method. These networks and several fusions are evaluated and compared across eleven benchmarks. Results show that building ensembles on the data level by combining different data augmentation methods produce classifiers that not only compete competitively against the state-of-the-art but often surpass the best approaches reported in the literature.      
### 10.Which Style Makes Me Attractive? Interpretable Control Discovery and Counterfactual Explanation on StyleGAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09689.pdf)
>  The semantically disentangled latent subspace in GAN provides rich interpretable controls in image generation. This paper includes two contributions on semantic latent subspace analysis in the scenario of face generation using StyleGAN2. First, we propose a novel approach to disentangle latent subspace semantics by exploiting existing face analysis models, e.g., face parsers and face landmark detectors. These models provide the flexibility to construct various criterions with very concrete and interpretable semantic meanings (e.g., change face shape or change skin color) to restrict latent subspace disentanglement. Rich latent space controls unknown previously can be discovered using the constructed criterions. Second, we propose a new perspective to explain the behavior of a CNN classifier by generating counterfactuals in the interpretable latent subspaces we discovered. This explanation helps reveal whether the classifier learns semantics as intended. Experiments on various disentanglement criterions demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach. We believe this approach contributes to both areas of image manipulation and counterfactual explainability of CNNs. The code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/prclibo/ice" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 11.Question Generation for Evaluating Cross-Dataset Shifts in Multi-modal Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09639.pdf)
>  Visual question answering (VQA) is the multi-modal task of answering natural language questions about an input image. Through cross-dataset adaptation methods, it is possible to transfer knowledge from a source dataset with larger train samples to a target dataset where training set is limited. Suppose a VQA model trained on one dataset train set fails in adapting to another, it is hard to identify the underlying cause of domain mismatch as there could exists a multitude of reasons such as image distribution mismatch and question distribution mismatch. At UCLA, we are working on a VQG module that facilitate in automatically generating OOD shifts that aid in systematically evaluating cross-dataset adaptation capabilities of VQA models.      
### 12.Paired Image to Image Translation for Strikethrough Removal From Handwritten Words  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09633.pdf)
>  Transcribing struck-through, handwritten words, for example for the purpose of genetic criticism, can pose a challenge to both humans and machines, due to the obstructive properties of the superimposed strokes. This paper investigates the use of paired image to image translation approaches to remove strikethrough strokes from handwritten words. Four different neural network architectures are examined, ranging from a few simple convolutional layers to deeper ones, employing Dense blocks. Experimental results, obtained from one synthetic and one genuine paired strikethrough dataset, confirm that the proposed paired models outperform the CycleGAN-based state of the art, while using less than a sixth of the trainable parameters.      
### 13.SEN12MS-CR-TS: A Remote Sensing Data Set for Multi-modal Multi-temporal Cloud Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09613.pdf)
>  About half of all optical observations collected via spaceborne satellites are affected by haze or clouds. Consequently, cloud coverage affects the remote sensing practitioner's capabilities of a continuous and seamless monitoring of our planet. This work addresses the challenge of optical satellite image reconstruction and cloud removal by proposing a novel multi-modal and multi-temporal data set called SEN12MS-CR-TS. We propose two models highlighting the benefits and use cases of SEN12MS-CR-TS: First, a multi-modal multi-temporal 3D-Convolution Neural Network that predicts a cloud-free image from a sequence of cloudy optical and radar images. Second, a sequence-to-sequence translation model that predicts a cloud-free time series from a cloud-covered time series. Both approaches are evaluated experimentally, with their respective models trained and tested on SEN12MS-CR-TS. The conducted experiments highlight the contribution of our data set to the remote sensing community as well as the benefits of multi-modal and multi-temporal information to reconstruct noisy information. Our data set is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://patrickTUM.github.io/cloud_removal" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 14.End-to-end Person Search Sequentially Trained on Aggregated Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09604.pdf)
>  In video surveillance applications, person search is a challenging task consisting in detecting people and extracting features from their silhouette for re-identification (re-ID) purpose. We propose a new end-to-end model that jointly computes detection and feature extraction steps through a single deep Convolutional Neural Network architecture. Sharing feature maps between the two tasks for jointly describing people commonalities and specificities allows faster runtime, which is valuable in real-world applications. In addition to reaching state-of-the-art accuracy, this multi-task model can be sequentially trained task-by-task, which results in a broader acceptance of input dataset types. Indeed, we show that aggregating more pedestrian detection datasets without costly identity annotations makes the shared feature maps more generic, and improves re-ID precision. Moreover, these boosted shared feature maps result in re-ID features more robust to a cross-dataset scenario.      
### 15.Describe me if you can! Characterized Instance-level Human Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09594.pdf)
>  Several computer vision applications such as person search or online fashion rely on human description. The use of instance-level human parsing (HP) is therefore relevant since it localizes semantic attributes and body parts within a person. But how to characterize these attributes? To our knowledge, only some single-HP datasets describe attributes with some color, size and/or pattern characteristics. There is a lack of dataset for multi-HP in the wild with such characteristics. In this article, we propose the dataset CCIHP based on the multi-HP dataset CIHP, with 20 new labels covering these 3 kinds of characteristics. In addition, we propose HPTR, a new bottom-up multi-task method based on transformers as a fast and scalable baseline. It is the fastest method of multi-HP state of the art while having precision comparable to the most precise bottom-up method. We hope this will encourage research for fast and accurate methods of precise human descriptions.      
### 16.Importance of Textlines in Historical Document Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09575.pdf)
>  This paper describes a system prepared at Brno University of Technology for ICDAR 2021 Competition on Historical Document Classification, experiments leading to its design, and the main findings. The solved tasks include script and font classification, document origin localization, and dating. We combined patch-level and line-level approaches, where the line-level system utilizes an existing, publicly available page layout analysis engine. In both systems, neural networks provide local predictions which are combined into page-level decisions, and the results of both systems are fused using linear or log-linear interpolation. We propose loss functions suitable for weakly supervised classification problem where multiple possible labels are provided, and we propose loss functions suitable for interval regression in the dating task. The line-level system significantly improves results in script and font classification and in the dating task. The full system achieved 98.48 %, 88.84 %, and 79.69 % accuracy in the font, script, and location classification tasks respectively. In the dating task, our system achieved a mean absolute error of 21.91 years.      
### 17.Multi-Scale Iterative Refinement Network for RGB-D Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09574.pdf)
>  The extensive research leveraging RGB-D information has been exploited in salient object detection. However, salient visual cues appear in various scales and resolutions of RGB images due to semantic gaps at different feature levels. Meanwhile, similar salient patterns are available in cross-modal depth images as well as multi-scale versions. Cross-modal fusion and multi-scale refinement are still an open problem in RGB-D salient object detection task. In this paper, we begin by introducing top-down and bottom-up iterative refinement architecture to leverage multi-scale features, and then devise attention based fusion module (ABF) to address on cross-modal correlation. We conduct extensive experiments on seven public datasets. The experimental results show the effectiveness of our devised method      
### 18.Debiasing pipeline improves deep learning model generalization for X-ray based lung nodule detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09563.pdf)
>  Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer death worldwide and a good prognosis depends on early diagnosis. Unfortunately, screening programs for the early diagnosis of lung cancer are uncommon. This is in-part due to the at-risk groups being located in rural areas far from medical facilities. Reaching these populations would require a scaled approach that combines mobility, low cost, speed, accuracy, and privacy. We can resolve these issues by combining the chest X-ray imaging mode with a federated deep-learning approach, provided that the federated model is trained on homogenous data to ensure that no single data source can adversely bias the model at any point in time. In this study we show that an image pre-processing pipeline that homogenizes and debiases chest X-ray images can improve both internal classification and external generalization, paving the way for a low-cost and accessible deep learning-based clinical system for lung cancer screening. An evolutionary pruning mechanism is used to train a nodule detection deep learning model on the most informative images from a publicly available lung nodule X-ray dataset. Histogram equalization is used to remove systematic differences in image brightness and contrast. Model training is performed using all combinations of lung field segmentation, close cropping, and rib suppression operators. We show that this pre-processing pipeline results in deep learning models that successfully generalize an independent lung nodule dataset using ablation studies to assess the contribution of each operator in this pipeline. In stripping chest X-ray images of known confounding variables by lung field segmentation, along with suppression of signal noise from the bone structure we can train a highly accurate deep learning lung nodule detection algorithm with outstanding generalization accuracy of 89% to nodule samples in unseen data.      
### 19.Consistent 3D Hand Reconstruction in Video via self-supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09548.pdf)
>  We present a method for reconstructing accurate and consistent 3D hands from a monocular video. We observe that detected 2D hand keypoints and the image texture provide important cues about the geometry and texture of the 3D hand, which can reduce or even eliminate the requirement on 3D hand annotation. Thus we propose ${\rm {S}^{2}HAND}$, a self-supervised 3D hand reconstruction model, that can jointly estimate pose, shape, texture, and the camera viewpoint from a single RGB input through the supervision of easily accessible 2D detected keypoints. We leverage the continuous hand motion information contained in the unlabeled video data and propose ${\rm {S}^{2}HAND(V)}$, which uses a set of weights shared ${\rm {S}^{2}HAND}$ to process each frame and exploits additional motion, texture, and shape consistency constrains to promote more accurate hand poses and more consistent shapes and textures. Experiments on benchmark datasets demonstrate that our self-supervised approach produces comparable hand reconstruction performance compared with the recent full-supervised methods in single-frame as input setup, and notably improves the reconstruction accuracy and consistency when using video training data.      
### 20.UniFormer: Unifying Convolution and Self-attention for Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09450.pdf)
>  It is a challenging task to learn discriminative representation from images and videos, due to large local redundancy and complex global dependency in these visual data. Convolution neural networks (CNNs) and vision transformers (ViTs) have been two dominant frameworks in the past few years. Though CNNs can efficiently decrease local redundancy by convolution within a small neighborhood, the limited receptive field makes it hard to capture global dependency. Alternatively, ViTs can effectively capture long-range dependency via self-attention, while blind similarity comparisons among all the tokens lead to high redundancy. To resolve these problems, we propose a novel Unified transFormer (UniFormer), which can seamlessly integrate the merits of convolution and self-attention in a concise transformer format. Different from the typical transformer blocks, the relation aggregators in our UniFormer block are equipped with local and global token affinity respectively in shallow and deep layers, allowing to tackle both redundancy and dependency for efficient and effective representation learning. Finally, we flexibly stack our UniFormer blocks into a new powerful backbone, and adopt it for various vision tasks from image to video domain, from classification to dense prediction. Without any extra training data, our UniFormer achieves 86.3 top-1 accuracy on ImageNet-1K classification. With only ImageNet-1K pre-training, it can simply achieve state-of-the-art performance in a broad range of downstream tasks, e.g., it obtains 82.9/84.8 top-1 accuracy on Kinetics-400/600, 60.9/71.2 top-1 accuracy on Something-Something V1/V2 video classification tasks, 53.8 box AP and 46.4 mask AP on COCO object detection task, 50.8 mIoU on ADE20K semantic segmentation task, and 77.4 AP on COCO pose estimation task. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Sense-X/UniFormer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.Mutual Attention-based Hybrid Dimensional Network for Multimodal Imaging Computer-aided Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09421.pdf)
>  Recent works on Multimodal 3D Computer-aided diagnosis have demonstrated that obtaining a competitive automatic diagnosis model when a 3D convolution neural network (CNN) brings more parameters and medical images are scarce remains nontrivial and challenging. Considering both consistencies of regions of interest in multimodal images and diagnostic accuracy, we propose a novel mutual attention-based hybrid dimensional network for MultiModal 3D medical image classification (MMNet). The hybrid dimensional network integrates 2D CNN with 3D convolution modules to generate deeper and more informative feature maps, and reduce the training complexity of 3D fusion. Besides, the pre-trained model of ImageNet can be used in 2D CNN, which improves the performance of the model. The stereoscopic attention is focused on building rich contextual interdependencies of the region in 3D medical images. To improve the regional correlation of pathological tissues in multimodal medical images, we further design a mutual attention framework in the network to build the region-wise consistency in similar stereoscopic regions of different image modalities, providing an implicit manner to instruct the network to focus on pathological tissues. MMNet outperforms many previous solutions and achieves results competitive to the state-of-the-art on three multimodal imaging datasets, i.e., Parotid Gland Tumor (PGT) dataset, the MRNet dataset, and the PROSTATEx dataset, and its advantages are validated by extensive experiments.      
### 22.Cross-Domain Document Layout Analysis via Unsupervised Document Style Guide  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09407.pdf)
>  The document layout analysis (DLA) aims to decompose document images into high-level semantic areas (i.e., figures, tables, texts, and background). Creating a DLA framework with strong generalization capabilities is a challenge due to document objects are diversity in layout, size, aspect ratio, texture, etc. Many researchers devoted this challenge by synthesizing data to build large training sets. However, the synthetic training data has different styles and erratic quality. Besides, there is a large gap between the source data and the target data. In this paper, we propose an unsupervised cross-domain DLA framework based on document style guidance. We integrated the document quality assessment and the document cross-domain analysis into a unified framework. Our framework is composed of three components, Document Layout Generator (GLD), Document Elements Decorator(GED), and Document Style Discriminator(DSD). The GLD is used to document layout generates, the GED is used to document layout elements fill, and the DSD is used to document quality assessment and cross-domain guidance. First, we apply GLD to predict the positions of the generated document. Then, we design a novel algorithm based on aesthetic guidance to fill the document positions. Finally, we use contrastive learning to evaluate the quality assessment of the document. Besides, we design a new strategy to change the document quality assessment component into a document cross-domain style guide component. Our framework is an unsupervised document layout analysis framework. We have proved through numerous experiments that our proposed method has achieved remarkable performance.      
### 23.Improving Chest X-Ray Report Generation by Leveraging Warm-Starting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09405.pdf)
>  Automatically generating a report from a patient's Chest X-Rays (CXRs) is a promising solution to reducing clinical workload and improving patient care. However, current CXR report generators, which are predominantly encoder-to-decoder models, lack the diagnostic accuracy to be deployed in a clinical setting. To improve CXR report generation, we investigate warm-starting the encoder and decoder with recent open-source computer vision and natural language processing checkpoints, such as the Vision Transformer (ViT) and PubMedBERT. To this end, each checkpoint is evaluated on the MIMIC-CXR and IU X-Ray datasets using natural language generation and Clinical Efficacy (CE) metrics. Our experimental investigation demonstrates that the Convolutional vision Transformer (CvT) ImageNet-21K and the Distilled Generative Pre-trained Transformer 2 (DistilGPT2) checkpoints are best for warm-starting the encoder and decoder, respectively. Compared to the state-of-the-art (M2 Transformer Progressive), CvT2DistilGPT2 attained an improvement of 8.3% for CE F-1, 1.8% for BLEU-4, 1.6% for ROUGE-L, and 1.0% for METEOR. The reports generated by CvT2DistilGPT2 are more diagnostically accurate and have a higher similarity to radiologist reports than previous approaches. By leveraging warm-starting, CvT2DistilGPT2 brings automatic CXR report generation one step closer to the clinical setting. CvT2DistilGPT2 and its MIMIC-CXR checkpoint are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/aehrc/cvt2distilgpt2" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 24.Dynamic Label Assignment for Object Detection by Combining Predicted and Anchor IoUs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09396.pdf)
>  Label assignment plays a significant role in modern object detection models. Detection models may yield totally different performances with different label assignment strategies. For anchor-based detection models, the IoU threshold between the anchors and their corresponding ground truth bounding boxes is the key element since the positive samples and negative samples are divided by the IoU threshold. Early object detectors simply utilize a fixed threshold for all training samples, while recent detection algorithms focus on adaptive thresholds based on the distribution of the IoUs to the ground truth boxes. In this paper, we introduce a simple and effective approach to perform label assignment dynamically based on the training status with predictions. By introducing the predictions in label assignment, more high-quality samples with higher IoUs to the ground truth objects are selected as the positive samples, which could reduce the discrepancy between the classification scores and the IoU scores, and generate more high-quality boundary boxes. Our approach shows improvements in the performance of the detection models with the adaptive label assignment algorithm and lower bounding box losses for those positive samples, indicating more samples with higher quality predicted boxes are selected as positives. The source code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZTX-100/DLA-Combined-IoUs" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.MISeval: a Metric Library for Medical Image Segmentation Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09395.pdf)
>  Correct performance assessment is crucial for evaluating modern artificial intelligence algorithms in medicine like deep-learning based medical image segmentation models. However, there is no universal metric library in Python for standardized and reproducible evaluation. Thus, we propose our open-source publicly available Python package MISeval: a metric library for Medical Image Segmentation Evaluation. The implemented metrics can be intuitively used and easily integrated into any performance assessment pipeline. The package utilizes modern CI/CD strategies to ensure functionality and stability. MISeval is available from PyPI (miseval) and GitHub: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/frankkramer-lab/miseval" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 26.AttentionHTR: Handwritten Text Recognition Based on Attention Encoder-Decoder Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09390.pdf)
>  This work proposes an attention-based sequence-to-sequence model for handwritten word recognition and explores transfer learning for data-efficient training of HTR systems. To overcome training data scarcity, this work leverages models pre-trained on scene text images as a starting point towards tailoring the handwriting recognition models. ResNet feature extraction and bidirectional LSTM-based sequence modeling stages together form an encoder. The prediction stage consists of a decoder and a content-based attention mechanism. The effectiveness of the proposed end-to-end HTR system has been empirically evaluated on a novel multi-writer dataset Imgur5K and the IAM dataset. The experimental results evaluate the performance of the HTR framework, further supported by an in-depth analysis of the error cases. Source code and pre-trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dmitrijsk/AttentionHTR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 27.A Survey on Patients Privacy Protection with Stganography and Visual Encryption  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09388.pdf)
>  In this survey, thirty models for steganography and visual encryption methods have been discussed to provide patients privacy protection.      
### 28.A Comprehensive Survey on Federated Learning: Concept and Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09384.pdf)
>  This paper provides a comprehensive study of Federated Learning (FL) with an emphasis on components, challenges, applications and FL environment. FL can be applicable in multiple fields and domains in real-life models. in the medical system, the privacy of patients records and their medical condition is critical data, therefore collaborative learning or federated learning comes into the picture. On other hand build an intelligent system assist the medical staff without sharing the data lead into the FL concept and one of the applications that are used is a brain tumor diagnosis intelligent system based on AI methods that can efficiently work in a collaborative environment.this paper will introduce some of the applications and related work in the medical field and work under the FL concept then summarize them to introduce the main limitations of their work.      
### 29.vCLIMB: A Novel Video Class Incremental Learning Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09381.pdf)
>  Continual learning (CL) is under-explored in the video domain. The few existing works contain splits with imbalanced class distributions over the tasks, or study the problem in unsuitable datasets. We introduce vCLIMB, a novel video continual learning benchmark. vCLIMB is a standardized test-bed to analyze catastrophic forgetting of deep models in video continual learning. In contrast to previous work, we focus on class incremental continual learning with models trained on a sequence of disjoint tasks, and distribute the number of classes uniformly across the tasks. We perform in-depth evaluations of existing CL methods in vCLIMB, and observe two unique challenges in video data. The selection of instances to store in episodic memory is performed at the frame level. Second, untrimmed training data influences the effectiveness of frame sampling strategies. We address these two challenges by proposing a temporal consistency regularization that can be applied on top of memory-based continual learning methods. Our approach significantly improves the baseline, by up to 24% on the untrimmed continual learning task. To streamline and foster future research in video continual learning, we will publicly release the code for our benchmark and method.      
### 30.Unsupervised Severely Deformed Mesh Reconstruction (DMR) from a Single-View Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09373.pdf)
>  Much progress has been made in the supervised learning of 3D reconstruction of rigid objects from multi-view images or a video. However, it is more challenging to reconstruct severely deformed objects from a single-view RGB image in an unsupervised manner. Although training-based methods, such as specific category-level training, have been shown to successfully reconstruct rigid objects and slightly deformed objects like birds from a single-view image, they cannot effectively handle severely deformed objects and neither can be applied to some downstream tasks in the real world due to the inconsistent semantic meaning of vertices, which are crucial in defining the adopted 3D templates of objects to be reconstructed. In this work, we introduce a template-based method to infer 3D shapes from a single-view image and apply the reconstructed mesh to a downstream task, i.e., absolute length measurement. Without using 3D ground truth, our method faithfully reconstructs 3D meshes and achieves state-of-the-art accuracy in a length measurement task on a severely deformed fish dataset.      
### 31.Transformer-based SAR Image Despeckling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09355.pdf)
>  Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) images are usually degraded by a multiplicative noise known as speckle which makes processing and interpretation of SAR images difficult. In this paper, we introduce a transformer-based network for SAR image despeckling. The proposed despeckling network comprises of a transformer-based encoder which allows the network to learn global dependencies between different image regions - aiding in better despeckling. The network is trained end-to-end with synthetically generated speckled images using a composite loss function. Experiments show that the proposed method achieves significant improvements over traditional and convolutional neural network-based despeckling methods on both synthetic and real SAR images.      
### 32.Survey and Systematization of 3D Object Detection Models and Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09354.pdf)
>  This paper offers a comprehensive survey of recent developments in 3D object detection covering the full pipeline from input data, over data representation and feature extraction to the actual detection modules. We include basic concepts, focus our survey on a broad spectrum of different approaches arising in the last ten years and propose a systematization which offers a practical framework to compare those approaches on the methods level.      
### 33.Out of Distribution Detection on ImageNet-O  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09352.pdf)
>  Out of distribution (OOD) detection is a crucial part of making machine learning systems robust. The ImageNet-O dataset is an important tool in testing the robustness of ImageNet trained deep neural networks that are widely used across a variety of systems and applications. We aim to perform a comparative analysis of OOD detection methods on ImageNet-O, a first of its kind dataset with a label distribution different than that of ImageNet, that has been created to aid research in OOD detection for ImageNet models. As this dataset is fairly new, we aim to provide a comprehensive benchmarking of some of the current state of the art OOD detection methods on this novel dataset. This benchmarking covers a variety of model architectures, settings where we haves prior access to the OOD data versus when we don't, predictive score based approaches, deep generative approaches to OOD detection, and more.      
### 34.Sparse-view Cone Beam CT Reconstruction using Data-consistent Supervised and Adversarial Learning from Scarce Training Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09318.pdf)
>  Reconstruction of CT images from a limited set of projections through an object is important in several applications ranging from medical imaging to industrial settings. As the number of available projections decreases, traditional reconstruction techniques such as the FDK algorithm and model-based iterative reconstruction methods perform poorly. Recently, data-driven methods such as deep learning-based reconstruction have garnered a lot of attention in applications because they yield better performance when enough training data is available. However, even these methods have their limitations when there is a scarcity of available training data. This work focuses on image reconstruction in such settings, i.e., when both the number of available CT projections and the training data is extremely limited. We adopt a sequential reconstruction approach over several stages using an adversarially trained shallow network for 'destreaking' followed by a data-consistency update in each stage. To deal with the challenge of limited data, we use image subvolumes to train our method, and patch aggregation during testing. To deal with the computational challenge of learning on 3D datasets for 3D reconstruction, we use a hybrid 3D-to-2D mapping network for the 'destreaking' part. Comparisons to other methods over several test examples indicate that the proposed method has much potential, when both the number of projections and available training data are highly limited.      
### 35.Basket-based Softmax  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09308.pdf)
>  Softmax-based losses have achieved state-of-the-art performances on various tasks such as face recognition and re-identification. However, these methods highly relied on clean datasets with global labels, which limits their usage in many real-world applications. An important reason is that merging and organizing datasets from various temporal and spatial scenarios is usually not realistic, as noisy labels can be introduced and exponential-increasing resources are required. To address this issue, we propose a novel mining-during-training strategy called Basket-based Softmax (BBS) as well as its parallel version to effectively train models on multiple datasets in an end-to-end fashion. Specifically, for each training sample, we simultaneously adopt similarity scores as the clue to mining negative classes from other datasets, and dynamically add them to assist the learning of discriminative features. Experimentally, we demonstrate the efficiency and superiority of the BBS on the tasks of face recognition and re-identification, with both simulated and real-world datasets.      
### 36.1000x Faster Camera and Machine Vision with Ordinary Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09302.pdf)
>  In digital cameras, we find a major limitation: the image and video form inherited from a film camera obstructs it from capturing the rapidly changing photonic world. Here, we present vidar, a bit sequence array where each bit represents whether the accumulation of photons has reached a threshold, to record and reconstruct the scene radiance at any moment. By employing only consumer-level CMOS sensors and integrated circuits, we have developed a vidar camera that is 1,000x faster than conventional cameras. By treating vidar as spike trains in biological vision, we have further developed a spiking neural network-based machine vision system that combines the speed of the machine and the mechanism of biological vision, achieving high-speed object detection and tracking 1,000x faster than human vision. We demonstrate the utility of the vidar camera and the super vision system in an assistant referee and target pointing system. Our study is expected to fundamentally revolutionize the image and video concepts and related industries, including photography, movies, and visual media, and to unseal a new spiking neural network-enabled speed-free machine vision era.      
### 37.A Survey for Deep RGBT Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09296.pdf)
>  Visual object tracking with the visible (RGB) and thermal infrared (TIR) electromagnetic waves, shorted in RGBT tracking, recently draws increasing attention in the tracking community. Considering the rapid development of deep learning, a survey for the recent deep neural network based RGBT trackers is presented in this paper. Firstly, we give brief introduction for the RGBT trackers concluded into this category. Then, a comparison among the existing RGBT trackers on several challenging benchmarks is given statistically. Specifically, MDNet and Siamese architectures are the two mainstream frameworks in the RGBT community, especially the former. Trackers based on MDNet achieve higher performance while Siamese-based trackers satisfy the real-time requirement. In summary, since the large-scale dataset LasHeR is published, the integration of end-to-end framework, e.g., Siamese and Transformer, should be further considered to fulfil the real-time as well as more robust performance. Furthermore, the mathematical meaning should be more considered during designing the network. This survey can be treated as a look-up-table for researchers who are concerned about RGBT tracking.      
### 38.How to scale hyperparameters for quickshift image segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09286.pdf)
>  Quickshift is a popular algorithm for image segmentation, used as a preprocessing step in many applications. Unfortunately, it is quite challenging to understand the hyperparameters' influence on the number and shape of superpixels produced by the method. In this paper, we study theoretically a slightly modified version of the quickshift algorithm, with a particular emphasis on homogeneous image patches with i.i.d. pixel noise and sharp boundaries between such patches. Leveraging this analysis, we derive a simple heuristic to scale quickshift hyperparameters when dealing with real images, which we check empirically.      
### 39.Wavelet-Attention CNN for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09271.pdf)
>  The feature learning methods based on convolutional neural network (CNN) have successfully produced tremendous achievements in image classification tasks. However, the inherent noise and some other factors may weaken the effectiveness of the convolutional feature statistics. In this paper, we investigate Discrete Wavelet Transform (DWT) in the frequency domain and design a new Wavelet-Attention (WA) block to only implement attention in the high-frequency domain. Based on this, we propose a Wavelet-Attention convolutional neural network (WA-CNN) for image classification. Specifically, WA-CNN decomposes the feature maps into low-frequency and high-frequency components for storing the structures of the basic objects, as well as the detailed information and noise, respectively. Then, the WA block is leveraged to capture the detailed information in the high-frequency domain with different attention factors but reserves the basic object structures in the low-frequency domain. Experimental results on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 datasets show that our proposed WA-CNN achieves significant improvements in classification accuracy compared to other related networks. Specifically, based on MobileNetV2 backbones, WA-CNN achieves 1.26% Top-1 accuracy improvement on the CIFAR-10 benchmark and 1.54% Top-1 accuracy improvement on the CIFAR-100 benchmark.      
### 40.Face recognition via compact second order image gradient orientations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09246.pdf)
>  Conventional subspace learning approaches based on image gradient orientations only employ the first-order gradient information. However, recent researches on human vision system (HVS) uncover that the neural image is a landscape or a surface whose geometric properties can be captured through the second order gradient information. The second order image gradient orientations (SOIGO) can mitigate the adverse effect of noises in face images. To reduce the redundancy of SOIGO, we propose compact SOIGO (CSOIGO) by applying linear complex principal component analysis (PCA) in SOIGO. Combined with collaborative representation based classification (CRC) algorithm, the classification performance of CSOIGO is further enhanced. CSOIGO is evaluated under real-world disguise, synthesized occlusion and mixed variations. Experimental results indicate that the proposed method is superior to its competing approaches with few training samples, and even outperforms some prevailing deep neural network based approaches. The source code of CSOIGO is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yinhefeng/SOIGO" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.FN-Net:Remove the Outliers by Filtering the Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09213.pdf)
>  Establishing the correspondence between two images is an important research direction of computer vision. When estimating the relationship between two images, it is often disturbed by outliers. In this paper, we propose a convolutional neural network that can filter the noise of outliers. It can output the probability that the pair of feature points is an inlier and regress the essential matrix representing the relative pose of the camera. The outliers are mainly caused by the noise introduced by the previous processing. The outliers rejection can be treated as a problem of noise elimination, and the soft threshold function has a very good effect on noise reduction. Therefore, we designed an adaptive denoising module based on soft threshold function to remove noise components in the outliers, to reduce the probability that the outlier is predicted to be an inlier. Experimental results on the YFCC100M dataset show that our method exceeds the state-of-the-art in relative pose estimation.      
### 42.Design of Sensor Fusion Driver Assistance System for Active Pedestrian Safety  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09208.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a parallel architecture for a sensor fusion detection system that combines a camera and 1D light detection and ranging (lidar) sensor for object detection. The system contains two object detection methods, one based on an optical flow, and the other using lidar. The two sensors can effectively complement the defects of the other. The accurate longitudinal accuracy of the object's location and its lateral movement information can be achieved simultaneously. Using a spatio-temporal alignment and a policy of sensor fusion, we completed the development of a fusion detection system with high reliability at distances of up to 20 m. Test results show that the proposed system achieves a high level of accuracy for pedestrian or object detection in front of a vehicle, and has high robustness to special environments.      
### 43.Visual Object Tracking on Multi-modal RGB-D Videos: A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09207.pdf)
>  The development of visual object tracking has continued for decades. Recent years, as the wide accessibility of the low-cost RGBD sensors, the task of visual object tracking on RGB-D videos has drawn much attention. Compared to conventional RGB-only tracking, the RGB-D videos can provide more information that facilitates objecting tracking in some complicated scenarios. The goal of this review is to summarize the relative knowledge of the research filed of RGB-D tracking. To be specific, we will generalize the related RGB-D tracking benchmarking datasets as well as the corresponding performance measurements. Besides, the existing RGB-D tracking methods are summarized in the paper. Moreover, we discuss the possible future direction in the field of RGB-D tracking.      
### 44.A Transformer-Based Feature Segmentation and Region Alignment Method For UAV-View Geo-Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09206.pdf)
>  Cross-view geo-localization is a task of matching the same geographic image from different views, e.g., unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) and satellite. The most difficult challenges are the position shift and the uncertainty of distance and scale. Existing methods are mainly aimed at digging for more comprehensive fine-grained information. However, it underestimates the importance of extracting robust feature representation and the impact of feature alignment. The CNN-based methods have achieved great success in cross-view geo-localization. However it still has some limitations, e.g., it can only extract part of the information in the neighborhood and some scale reduction operations will make some fine-grained information lost. In particular, we introduce a simple and efficient transformer-based structure called Feature Segmentation and Region Alignment (FSRA) to enhance the model's ability to understand contextual information as well as to understand the distribution of instances. Without using additional supervisory information, FSRA divides regions based on the heat distribution of the transformer's feature map, and then aligns multiple specific regions in different views one on one. Finally, FSRA integrates each region into a set of feature representations. The difference is that FSRA does not divide regions manually, but automatically based on the heat distribution of the feature map. So that specific instances can still be divided and aligned when there are significant shifts and scale changes in the image. In addition, a multiple sampling strategy is proposed to overcome the disparity in the number of satellite images and that of images from other sources. Experiments show that the proposed method has superior performance and achieves the state-of-the-art in both tasks of drone view target localization and drone navigation. Code will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Dmmm1997/FSRA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 45.Deeply Explain CNN via Hierarchical Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09205.pdf)
>  In computer vision, some attribution methods for explaining CNNs attempt to study how the intermediate features affect the network prediction. However, they usually ignore the feature hierarchies among the intermediate features. This paper introduces a hierarchical decomposition framework to explain CNN's decision-making process in a top-down manner. Specifically, we propose a gradient-based activation propagation (gAP) module that can decompose any intermediate CNN decision to its lower layers and find the supporting features. Then we utilize the gAP module to iteratively decompose the network decision to the supporting evidence from different CNN layers. The proposed framework can generate a deep hierarchy of strongly associated supporting evidence for the network decision, which provides insight into the decision-making process. Moreover, gAP is effort-free for understanding CNN-based models without network architecture modification and extra training process. Experiments show the effectiveness of the proposed method. The code and interactive demo website will be made publicly available.      
### 46.Vision-Based UAV Localization System in Denial Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09201.pdf)
>  Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) localization capability is critical in a Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) denial environment. The aim of this paper is to investigate the problem of locating the UAV itself through a purely visual approach. This task mainly refers to: matching the corresponding geo-tagged satellite images through the images acquired by the camera when the UAV does not acquire GNSS signals, where the satellite images are the bridge between the UAV images and the location information. However, the sampling points of previous cross-view datasets based on UAVs are discrete in spatial distribution and the inter-class relationships are not established. In the actual process of UAV-localization, the inter-class feature similarity of the proximity position distribution should be small due to the continuity of UAV movement in space. In view of this, this paper has reformulated an intensive dataset for UAV positioning tasks, which is named DenseUAV, aiming to solve the problems caused by spatial distance and scale transformation in practical application scenarios, so as to achieve high-precision UAV-localization in GNSS denial environment. In addition, a new continuum-type evaluation metric named SDM is designed to evaluate the accuracy of model matching by exploiting the continuum of UAVs in space. Specifically, with the ideas of siamese networks and metric learning, a transformer-based baseline was constructed to enhance the capture of spatially subtle features. Ultimately, a neighbor-search post-processing strategy was proposed to solve the problem of large distance localisation bias.      
### 47.Learning to Minimize the Remainder in Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09193.pdf)
>  The learning process of deep learning methods usually updates the model's parameters in multiple iterations. Each iteration can be viewed as the first-order approximation of Taylor's series expansion. The remainder, which consists of higher-order terms, is usually ignored in the learning process for simplicity. This learning scheme empowers various multimedia based applications, such as image retrieval, recommendation system, and video search. Generally, multimedia data (e.g., images) are semantics-rich and high-dimensional, hence the remainders of approximations are possibly non-zero. In this work, we consider the remainder to be informative and study how it affects the learning process. To this end, we propose a new learning approach, namely gradient adjustment learning (GAL), to leverage the knowledge learned from the past training iterations to adjust vanilla gradients, such that the remainders are minimized and the approximations are improved. The proposed GAL is model- and optimizer-agnostic, and is easy to adapt to the standard learning framework. It is evaluated on three tasks, i.e., image classification, object detection, and regression, with state-of-the-art models and optimizers. The experiments show that the proposed GAL consistently enhances the evaluated models, whereas the ablation studies validate various aspects of the proposed GAL. The code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/luoyan407/gradient_adjustment.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 48.ASCNet: Action Semantic Consistent Learning of Arbitrary Progress Levels for Early Action Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09169.pdf)
>  Early action prediction aims to recognize human actions from only a part of action execution, which is an important video analysis task for many practical applications. Most prior works treat partial or full videos as a whole, which neglects the semantic consistencies among partial videos of various progress levels due to their large intra-class variances. In contrast, we partition original partial or full videos to form a series of new partial videos and mine the Action Semantic Consistent Knowledge (ASCK) among these new partial videos evolving in arbitrary progress levels. Moreover, a novel Action Semantic Consistent learning network (ASCNet) under the teacher-student framework is proposed for early action prediction. Specifically, we treat partial videos as nodes and their action semantic consistencies as edges. Then we build a bi-directional fully connected graph for the teacher network and a single-directional fully connected graph for the student network to model ASCK among partial videos. The MSE and MMD losses are incorporated as our distillation loss to further transfer the ASCK from the teacher to the student network. Extensive experiments and ablative studies have been conducted, demonstrating the effectiveness of modeling ASCK for early action prediction. With the proposed ASCNet, we have achieved state-of-the-art performance on two benchmarks. The code will be released if the paper is accepted.      
### 49.Reading-strategy Inspired Visual Representation Learning for Text-to-Video Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09168.pdf)
>  This paper aims for the task of text-to-video retrieval, where given a query in the form of a natural-language sentence, it is asked to retrieve videos which are semantically relevant to the given query, from a great number of unlabeled videos. The success of this task depends on cross-modal representation learning that projects both videos and sentences into common spaces for semantic similarity computation. In this work, we concentrate on video representation learning, an essential component for text-to-video retrieval. Inspired by the reading strategy of humans, we propose a Reading-strategy Inspired Visual Representation Learning (RIVRL) to represent videos, which consists of two branches: a previewing branch and an intensive-reading branch. The previewing branch is designed to briefly capture the overview information of videos, while the intensive-reading branch is designed to obtain more in-depth information. Moreover, the intensive-reading branch is aware of the video overview captured by the previewing branch. Such holistic information is found to be useful for the intensive-reading branch to extract more fine-grained features. Extensive experiments on three datasets are conducted, where our model RIVRL achieves a new state-of-the-art on TGIF and VATEX. Moreover, on MSR-VTT, our model using two video features shows comparable performance to the state-of-the-art using seven video features and even outperforms models pre-trained on the large-scale HowTo100M dataset.      
### 50.Mixed X-Ray Image Separation for Artworks with Concealed Designs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09167.pdf)
>  In this paper, we focus on X-ray images of paintings with concealed sub-surface designs (e.g., deriving from reuse of the painting support or revision of a composition by the artist), which include contributions from both the surface painting and the concealed features. In particular, we propose a self-supervised deep learning-based image separation approach that can be applied to the X-ray images from such paintings to separate them into two hypothetical X-ray images. One of these reconstructed images is related to the X-ray image of the concealed painting, while the second one contains only information related to the X-ray of the visible painting. The proposed separation network consists of two components: the analysis and the synthesis sub-networks. The analysis sub-network is based on learned coupled iterative shrinkage thresholding algorithms (LCISTA) designed using algorithm unrolling techniques, and the synthesis sub-network consists of several linear mappings. The learning algorithm operates in a totally self-supervised fashion without requiring a sample set that contains both the mixed X-ray images and the separated ones. The proposed method is demonstrated on a real painting with concealed content, Doa Isabel de Porcel by Francisco de Goya, to show its effectiveness.      
### 51.LSNet: Extremely Light-Weight Siamese Network For Change Detection in Remote Sensing Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09156.pdf)
>  The Siamese network is becoming the mainstream in change detection of remote sensing images (RSI). However, in recent years, the development of more complicated structure, module and training processe has resulted in the cumbersome model, which hampers their application in large-scale RSI processing. To this end, this paper proposes an extremely lightweight Siamese network (LSNet) for RSI change detection, which replaces standard convolution with depthwise separable atrous convolution, and removes redundant dense connections, retaining only valid feature flows while performing Siamese feature fusion, greatly compressing parameters and computation amount. Compared with the first-place model on the CCD dataset, the parameters and the computation amount of LSNet is greatly reduced by 90.35\% and 91.34\% respectively, with only a 1.5\% drops in accuracy.      
### 52.An Integrated Approach for Video Captioning and Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09153.pdf)
>  Physical computing infrastructure, data gathering, and algorithms have recently had significant advances to extract information from images and videos. The growth has been especially outstanding in image captioning and video captioning. However, most of the advancements in video captioning still take place in short videos. In this research, we caption longer videos only by using the keyframes, which are a small subset of the total video frames. Instead of processing thousands of frames, only a few frames are processed depending on the number of keyframes. There is a trade-off between the computation of many frames and the speed of the captioning process. The approach in this research is to allow the user to specify the trade-off between execution time and accuracy. In addition, we argue that linking images, videos, and natural language offers many practical benefits and immediate practical applications. From the modeling perspective, instead of designing and staging explicit algorithms to process videos and generate captions in complex processing pipelines, our contribution lies in designing hybrid deep learning architectures to apply in long videos by captioning video keyframes. We consider the technology and the methodology that we have developed as steps toward the applications discussed in this research.      
### 53.Generative Adversarial Network Applications in Creating a Meta-Universe  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09152.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) are machine learning methods that are used in many important and novel applications. For example, in imaging science, GANs are effectively utilized in generating image datasets, photographs of human faces, image and video captioning, image-to-image translation, text-to-image translation, video prediction, and 3D object generation to name a few. In this paper, we discuss how GANs can be used to create an artificial world. More specifically, we discuss how GANs help to describe an image utilizing image/video captioning methods and how to translate the image to a new image using image-to-image translation frameworks in a theme we desire. We articulate how GANs impact creating a customized world.      
### 54.Background Invariant Classification on Infrared Imagery by Data Efficient Training and Reducing Bias in CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09144.pdf)
>  Even though convolutional neural networks can classify objects in images very accurately, it is well known that the attention of the network may not always be on the semantically important regions of the scene. It has been observed that networks often learn background textures which are not relevant to the object of interest. In turn this makes the networks susceptible to variations and changes in the background which negatively affect their performance. We propose a new two-step training procedure called \textit{split training} to reduce this bias in CNNs on both Infrared imagery and RGB data. Our split training procedure has two steps: using MSE loss first train the layers of the network on images with background to match the activations of the same network when it is trained using images without background; then with these layers frozen, train the rest of the network with cross-entropy loss to classify the objects. Our training method outperforms the traditional training procedure in both a simple CNN architecture, and deep CNNs like VGG and Densenet which use lots of hardware resources, and learns to mimic human vision which focuses more on shape and structure than background with higher accuracy.      
### 55.Dual-Flattening Transformers through Decomposed Row and Column Queries for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09139.pdf)
>  It is critical to obtain high resolution features with long range dependency for dense prediction tasks such as semantic segmentation. To generate high-resolution output of size $H\times W$ from a low-resolution feature map of size $h\times w$ ($hw\ll HW$), a naive dense transformer incurs an intractable complexity of $\mathcal{O}(hwHW)$, limiting its application on high-resolution dense prediction. We propose a Dual-Flattening Transformer (DFlatFormer) to enable high-resolution output by reducing complexity to $\mathcal{O}(hw(H+W))$ that is multiple orders of magnitude smaller than the naive dense transformer. Decomposed queries are presented to retrieve row and column attentions tractably through separate transformers, and their outputs are combined to form a dense feature map at high resolution. To this end, the input sequence fed from an encoder is row-wise and column-wise flattened to align with decomposed queries by preserving their row and column structures, respectively. Row and column transformers also interact with each other to capture their mutual attentions with the spatial crossings between rows and columns. We also propose to perform attentions through efficient grouping and pooling to further reduce the model complexity. Extensive experiments on ADE20K and Cityscapes datasets demonstrate the superiority of the proposed dual-flattening transformer architecture with higher mIoUs.      
### 56.MIDAS: Deep learning human action intention prediction from natural eye movement patterns  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09135.pdf)
>  Eye movements have long been studied as a window into the attentional mechanisms of the human brain and made accessible as novelty style human-machine interfaces. However, not everything that we gaze upon, is something we want to interact with; this is known as the Midas Touch problem for gaze interfaces. To overcome the Midas Touch problem, present interfaces tend not to rely on natural gaze cues, but rather use dwell time or gaze gestures. Here we present an entirely data-driven approach to decode human intention for object manipulation tasks based solely on natural gaze cues. We run data collection experiments where 16 participants are given manipulation and inspection tasks to be performed on various objects on a table in front of them. The subjects' eye movements are recorded using wearable eye-trackers allowing the participants to freely move their head and gaze upon the scene. We use our Semantic Fovea, a convolutional neural network model to obtain the objects in the scene and their relation to gaze traces at every frame. We then evaluate the data and examine several ways to model the classification task for intention prediction. Our evaluation shows that intention prediction is not a naive result of the data, but rather relies on non-linear temporal processing of gaze cues. We model the task as a time series classification problem and design a bidirectional Long-Short-Term-Memory (LSTM) network architecture to decode intentions. Our results show that we can decode human intention of motion purely from natural gaze cues and object relative position, with $91.9\%$ accuracy. Our work demonstrates the feasibility of natural gaze as a Zero-UI interface for human-machine interaction, i.e., users will only need to act naturally, and do not need to interact with the interface itself or deviate from their natural eye movement patterns.      
### 57.Investigating the Potential of Auxiliary-Classifier GANs for Image Classification in Low Data Regimes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09120.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have shown promise in augmenting datasets and boosting convolutional neural networks' (CNN) performance on image classification tasks. But they introduce more hyperparameters to tune as well as the need for additional time and computational power to train supplementary to the CNN. In this work, we examine the potential for Auxiliary-Classifier GANs (AC-GANs) as a 'one-stop-shop' architecture for image classification, particularly in low data regimes. Additionally, we explore modifications to the typical AC-GAN framework, changing the generator's latent space sampling scheme and employing a Wasserstein loss with gradient penalty to stabilize the simultaneous training of image synthesis and classification. Through experiments on images of varying resolutions and complexity, we demonstrate that AC-GANs show promise in image classification, achieving competitive performance with standard CNNs. These methods can be employed as an 'all-in-one' framework with particular utility in the absence of large amounts of training data.      
### 58.Robust Unpaired Single Image Super-Resolution of Faces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09109.pdf)
>  We propose an adversarial attack for facial class-specific Single Image Super-Resolution (SISR) methods. Existing attacks, such as the Fast Gradient Sign Method (FGSM) or the Projected Gradient Descent (PGD) method, are either fast but ineffective, or effective but prohibitively slow on these networks. By closely inspecting the surface that the MSE loss, used to train such networks, traces under varying degradations, we were able to identify its parameterizable property. We leverage this property to propose an adverasrial attack that is able to locate the optimum degradation (effective) without needing multiple gradient-ascent steps (fast). Our experiments show that the proposed method is able to achieve a better speed vs effectiveness trade-off than the state-of-theart adversarial attacks, such as FGSM and PGD, for the task of unpaired facial as well as class-specific SISR.      
### 59.A Comprehensive Study on Occlusion Invariant Face Recognition under Face Mask Occlusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09089.pdf)
>  The face mask is an essential sanitaryware in daily lives growing during the pandemic period and is a big threat to current face recognition systems. The masks destroy a lot of details in a large area of face, and it makes it difficult to recognize them even for humans. The evaluation report shows the difficulty well when recognizing masked faces. Rapid development and breakthrough of deep learning in the recent past have witnessed most promising results from face recognition algorithms. But they fail to perform far from satisfactory levels in the unconstrained environment during the challenges such as varying lighting conditions, low resolution, facial expressions, pose variation and occlusions. Facial occlusions are considered one of the most intractable problems. Especially when the occlusion occupies a large region of the face because it destroys lots of official features.      
### 60.Implicit Bias of Projected Subgradient Method Gives Provable Robust Recovery of Subspaces of Unknown Codimension  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09079.pdf)
>  Robust subspace recovery (RSR) is a fundamental problem in robust representation learning. Here we focus on a recently proposed RSR method termed Dual Principal Component Pursuit (DPCP) approach, which aims to recover a basis of the orthogonal complement of the subspace and is amenable to handling subspaces of high relative dimension. Prior work has shown that DPCP can provably recover the correct subspace in the presence of outliers, as long as the true dimension of the subspace is known. We show that DPCP can provably solve RSR problems in the {\it unknown} subspace dimension regime, as long as orthogonality constraints -- adopted in previous DPCP formulations -- are relaxed and random initialization is used instead of spectral one. Namely, we propose a very simple algorithm based on running multiple instances of a projected sub-gradient descent method (PSGM), with each problem instance seeking to find one vector in the null space of the subspace. We theoretically prove that under mild conditions this approach will succeed with high probability. In particular, we show that 1) all of the problem instances will converge to a vector in the nullspace of the subspace and 2) the ensemble of problem instance solutions will be sufficiently diverse to fully span the nullspace of the subspace thus also revealing its true unknown codimension. We provide empirical results that corroborate our theoretical results and showcase the remarkable implicit rank regularization behavior of PSGM algorithm that allows us to perform RSR without being aware of the subspace dimension.      
### 61.LTC-GIF: Attracting More Clicks on Feature-length Sports Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09077.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a lightweight method to attract users and increase views of the video by presenting personalized artistic media -- i.e, static thumbnails and animated GIFs. This method analyzes lightweight thumbnail containers (LTC) using computational resources of the client device to recognize personalized events from full-length sports videos. In addition, instead of processing the entire video, small video segments are processed to generate artistic media. This makes the proposed approach more computationally efficient compared to the baseline approaches that create artistic media using the entire video. The proposed method retrieves and uses thumbnail containers and video segments, which reduces the required transmission bandwidth as well as the amount of locally stored data used during artistic media generation. When extensive experiments were conducted on the Nvidia Jetson TX2, the computational complexity of the proposed method was 3.57 times lower than that of the SoA method. In the qualitative assessment, GIFs generated using the proposed method received 1.02 higher overall ratings compared to the SoA method. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first technique that uses LTC to generate artistic media while providing lightweight and high-performance services even on resource-constrained devices.      
### 62.Explore the Expression: Facial Expression Generation using Auxiliary Classifier Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09061.pdf)
>  Facial expressions are a form of non-verbal communication that humans perform seamlessly for meaningful transfer of information. Most of the literature addresses the facial expression recognition aspect however, with the advent of Generative Models, it has become possible to explore the affect space in addition to mere classification of a set of expressions. In this article, we propose a generative model architecture which robustly generates a set of facial expressions for multiple character identities and explores the possibilities of generating complex expressions by combining the simple ones.      
### 63.LTC-SUM: Lightweight Client-driven Personalized Video Summarization Framework Using 2D CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09049.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel lightweight thumbnail container-based summarization (LTC-SUM) framework for full feature-length videos. This framework generates a personalized keyshot summary for concurrent users by using the computational resource of the end-user device. State-of-the-art methods that acquire and process entire video data to generate video summaries are highly computationally intensive. In this regard, the proposed LTC-SUM method uses lightweight thumbnails to handle the complex process of detecting events. This significantly reduces computational complexity and improves communication and storage efficiency by resolving computational and privacy bottlenecks in resource-constrained end-user devices. These improvements were achieved by designing a lightweight 2D CNN model to extract features from thumbnails, which helped select and retrieve only a handful of specific segments. Extensive quantitative experiments on a set of full 18 feature-length videos (approximately 32.9 h in duration) showed that the proposed method is significantly computationally efficient than state-of-the-art methods on the same end-user device configurations. Joint qualitative assessments of the results of 56 participants showed that participants gave higher ratings to the summaries generated using the proposed method. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt in designing a fully client-driven personalized keyshot video summarization framework using thumbnail containers for feature-length videos.      
### 64.Phase-SLAM: Phase Based Simultaneous Localization and Mapping for Mobile Structured Light Illumination Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09048.pdf)
>  Structured Light Illumination (SLI) systems have been used for reliable indoor dense 3D scanning via phase triangulation. However, mobile SLI systems for 360 degree 3D reconstruction demand 3D point cloud registration, involving high computational complexity. In this paper, we propose a phase based Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (Phase-SLAM) framework for fast and accurate SLI sensor pose estimation and 3D object reconstruction. The novelty of this work is threefold: (1) developing a reprojection model from 3D points to 2D phase data towards phase registration with low computational complexity; (2) developing a local optimizer to achieve SLI sensor pose estimation (odometry) using the derived Jacobian matrix for the 6 DoF variables; (3) developing a compressive phase comparison method to achieve high-efficiency loop closure detection. The whole Phase-SLAM pipeline is then exploited using existing global pose graph optimization techniques. We build datasets from both the unreal simulation platform and a robotic arm based SLI system in real-world to verify the proposed approach. The experiment results demonstrate that the proposed Phase-SLAM outperforms other state-of-the-art methods in terms of the efficiency and accuracy of pose estimation and 3D reconstruction. The open-source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZHENGXi-git/Phase-SLAM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 65.Uncertainty-aware deep learning methods for robust diabetic retinopathy classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09042.pdf)
>  Automatic classification of diabetic retinopathy from retinal images has been widely studied using deep neural networks with impressive results. However, there is a clinical need for estimation of the uncertainty in the classifications, a shortcoming of modern neural networks. Recently, approximate Bayesian deep learning methods have been proposed for the task but the studies have only considered the binary referable/non-referable diabetic retinopathy classification applied to benchmark datasets. We present novel results by systematically investigating a clinical dataset and a clinically relevant 5-class classification scheme, in addition to benchmark datasets and the binary classification scheme. Moreover, we derive a connection between uncertainty measures and classifier risk, from which we develop a new uncertainty measure. We observe that the previously proposed entropy-based uncertainty measure generalizes to the clinical dataset on the binary classification scheme but not on the 5-class scheme, whereas our new uncertainty measure generalizes to the latter case.      
### 66.Inter-Semantic Domain Adversarial in Histopathological Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09041.pdf)
>  In computer vision, data shift has proven to be a major barrier for safe and robust deep learning applications. In medical applications, histopathological images are often associated with data shift and they are hardly available. It is important to understand to what extent a model can be made robust against data shift using all available data. Here, we first show that domain adversarial methods can be very deleterious if they are wrongly used. We then use domain adversarial methods to transfer data shift invariance from one dataset to another dataset with different semantics and show that domain adversarial methods are efficient inter-semantically with similar performance than intra-semantical domain adversarial methods.      
### 67.Content-aware Warping for View Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09023.pdf)
>  Existing image-based rendering methods usually adopt depth-based image warping operation to synthesize novel views. In this paper, we reason the essential limitations of the traditional warping operation to be the limited neighborhood and only distance-based interpolation weights. To this end, we propose content-aware warping, which adaptively learns the interpolation weights for pixels of a relatively large neighborhood from their contextual information via a lightweight neural network. Based on this learnable warping module, we propose a new end-to-end learning-based framework for novel view synthesis from two input source views, in which two additional modules, namely confidence-based blending and feature-assistant spatial refinement, are naturally proposed to handle the occlusion issue and capture the spatial correlation among pixels of the synthesized view, respectively. Besides, we also propose a weight-smoothness loss term to regularize the network. Experimental results on structured light field datasets with wide baselines and unstructured multi-view datasets show that the proposed method significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods both quantitatively and visually. The source code will be publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MantangGuo/CW4VS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 68.Linear Array Network for Low-light Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.08996.pdf)
>  Convolution neural networks (CNNs) based methods have dominated the low-light image enhancement tasks due to their outstanding performance. However, the convolution operation is based on a local sliding window mechanism, which is difficult to construct the long-range dependencies of the feature maps. Meanwhile, the self-attention based global relationship aggregation methods have been widely used in computer vision, but these methods are difficult to handle high-resolution images because of the high computational complexity. To solve this problem, this paper proposes a Linear Array Self-attention (LASA) mechanism, which uses only two 2-D feature encodings to construct 3-D global weights and then refines feature maps generated by convolution layers. Based on LASA, Linear Array Network (LAN) is proposed, which is superior to the existing state-of-the-art (SOTA) methods in both RGB and RAW based low-light enhancement tasks with a smaller amount of parameters. The code is released in \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cuiziteng/LASA_enhancement" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 69.Enhancing and Dissecting Crowd Counting By Synthetic Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.08992.pdf)
>  In this article, we propose a simulated crowd counting dataset CrowdX, which has a large scale, accurate labeling, parameterized realization, and high fidelity. The experimental results of using this dataset as data enhancement show that the performance of the proposed streamlined and efficient benchmark network ESA-Net can be improved by 8.4\%. The other two classic heterogeneous architectures MCNN and CSRNet pre-trained on CrowdX also show significant performance improvements. Considering many influencing factors determine performance, such as background, camera angle, human density, and resolution. Although these factors are important, there is still a lack of research on how they affect crowd counting. Thanks to the CrowdX dataset with rich annotation information, we conduct a large number of data-driven comparative experiments to analyze these factors. Our research provides a reference for a deeper understanding of the crowd counting problem and puts forward some useful suggestions in the actual deployment of the algorithm.      
### 70.BBA-net: A bi-branch attention network for crowd counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.08983.pdf)
>  In the field of crowd counting, the current mainstream CNN-based regression methods simply extract the density information of pedestrians without finding the position of each person. This makes the output of the network often found to contain incorrect responses, which may erroneously estimate the total number and not conducive to the interpretation of the algorithm. To this end, we propose a Bi-Branch Attention Network (BBA-NET) for crowd counting, which has three innovation points. i) A two-branch architecture is used to estimate the density information and location information separately. ii) Attention mechanism is used to facilitate feature extraction, which can reduce false responses. iii) A new density map generation method combining geometric adaptation and Voronoi split is introduced. Our method can integrate the pedestrian's head and body information to enhance the feature expression ability of the density map. Extensive experiments performed on two public datasets show that our method achieves a lower crowd counting error compared to other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 71.Semi-Supervised Adversarial Recognition of Refined Window Structures for Inverse Procedural Faade Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.08977.pdf)
>  Deep learning methods are notoriously data-hungry, which requires a large number of labeled samples. Unfortunately, the large amount of interactive sample labeling efforts has dramatically hindered the application of deep learning methods, especially for 3D modeling tasks, which require heterogeneous samples. To alleviate the work of data annotation for learned 3D modeling of faades, this paper proposed a semi-supervised adversarial recognition strategy embedded in inverse procedural modeling. Beginning with textured LOD-2 (Level-of-Details) models, we use the classical convolutional neural networks to recognize the types and estimate the parameters of windows from image patches. The window types and parameters are then assembled into procedural grammar. A simple procedural engine is built inside an existing 3D modeling software, producing fine-grained window geometries. To obtain a useful model from a few labeled samples, we leverage the generative adversarial network to train the feature extractor in a semi-supervised manner. The adversarial training strategy can also exploit unlabeled data to make the training phase more stable. Experiments using publicly available faade image datasets reveal that the proposed training strategy can obtain about 10% improvement in classification accuracy and 50% improvement in parameter estimation under the same network structure. In addition, performance gains are more pronounced when testing against unseen data featuring different faade styles.      
### 72.Parallel Rectangle Flip Attack: A Query-based Black-box Attack against Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.08970.pdf)
>  Object detection has been widely used in many safety-critical tasks, such as autonomous driving. However, its vulnerability to adversarial examples has not been sufficiently studied, especially under the practical scenario of black-box attacks, where the attacker can only access the query feedback of predicted bounding-boxes and top-1 scores returned by the attacked model. Compared with black-box attack to image classification, there are two main challenges in black-box attack to detection. Firstly, even if one bounding-box is successfully attacked, another sub-optimal bounding-box may be detected near the attacked bounding-box. Secondly, there are multiple bounding-boxes, leading to very high attack cost. To address these challenges, we propose a Parallel Rectangle Flip Attack (PRFA) via random search. We explain the difference between our method with other attacks in Fig.~\ref{fig1}. Specifically, we generate perturbations in each rectangle patch to avoid sub-optimal detection near the attacked region. Besides, utilizing the observation that adversarial perturbations mainly locate around objects' contours and critical points under white-box attacks, the search space of attacked rectangles is reduced to improve the attack efficiency. Moreover, we develop a parallel mechanism of attacking multiple rectangles simultaneously to further accelerate the attack process. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our method can effectively and efficiently attack various popular object detectors, including anchor-based and anchor-free, and generate transferable adversarial examples.      
### 73.Collaborative Representation for SPD Matrices with Application to Image-Set Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.08962.pdf)
>  Collaborative representation-based classification (CRC) has demonstrated remarkable progress in the past few years because of its closed-form analytical solutions. However, the existing CRC methods are incapable of processing the nonlinear variational information directly. Recent advances illustrate that how to effectively model these nonlinear variational information and learn invariant representations is an open challenge in the community of computer vision and pattern recognition To this end, we try to design a new algorithm to handle this problem. Firstly, the second-order statistic, i.e., covariance matrix is applied to model the original image sets. Due to the space formed by a set of nonsingular covariance matrices is a well-known Symmetric Positive Definite (SPD) manifold, generalising the Euclidean collaborative representation to the SPD manifold is not an easy task. Then, we devise two strategies to cope with this issue. One attempts to embed the SPD manifold-valued data representations into an associated tangent space via the matrix logarithm map. Another is to embed them into a Reproducing Kernel Hilbert Space (RKHS) by utilizing the Riemannian kernel function. After these two treatments, CRC is applicable to the SPD manifold-valued features. The evaluations on four banchmarking datasets justify its effectiveness.      
### 74.Iterative Correlation-based Feature Refinement for Few-shot Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.08959.pdf)
>  Few-shot counting aims to count objects of any class in an image given only a few exemplars of the same class. Existing correlation-based few-shot counting approaches suffer from the coarseness and low semantic level of the correlation. To solve these problems, we propose an iterative framework to progressively refine the exemplar-related features based on the correlation between the image and exemplars. Then the density map is predicted from the final refined feature map. The iterative framework includes a Correlation Distillation module and a Feature Refinement module. During the iterations, the exemplar-related features are gradually refined, while the exemplar-unrelated features are suppressed, benefiting few-shot counting where the exemplar-related features are more important. Our approach surpasses all baselines significantly on few-shot counting benchmark FSC-147. Surprisingly, though designed for general class-agnostic counting, our approach still achieves state-of-the-art performance on car counting benchmarks CARPK and PUCPR+, and crowd counting benchmarks UCSD and Mall. We also achieve competitive performance on crowd counting benchmark ShanghaiTech. The code will be released soon.      
### 75.Learning Efficient Representations for Enhanced Object Detection on Large-scene SAR Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.08958.pdf)
>  It is a challenging problem to detect and recognize targets on complex large-scene Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) images. Recently developed deep learning algorithms can automatically learn the intrinsic features of SAR images, but still have much room for improvement on large-scene SAR images with limited data. In this paper, based on learning representations and multi-scale features of SAR images, we propose an efficient and robust deep learning based target detection method. Especially, by leveraging the effectiveness of adversarial autoencoder (AAE) which influences the distribution of the investigated data explicitly, the raw SAR dataset is augmented into an enhanced version with a large quantity and diversity. Besides, an auto-labeling scheme is proposed to improve labeling efficiency. Finally, with jointly training small target chips and large-scene images, an integrated YOLO network combining non-maximum suppression on sub-images is used to realize multiple targets detection of high resolution images. The numerical experimental results on the MSTAR dataset show that our method can realize target detection and recognition on large-scene images accurately and efficiently. The superior anti-noise performance is also confirmed by experiments.      
### 76.Change Detection from Synthetic Aperture Radar Images via Graph-Based Knowledge Supplement Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.08954.pdf)
>  Synthetic aperture radar (SAR) image change detection is a vital yet challenging task in the field of remote sensing image analysis. Most previous works adopt a self-supervised method which uses pseudo-labeled samples to guide subsequent training and testing. However, deep networks commonly require many high-quality samples for parameter optimization. The noise in pseudo-labels inevitably affects the final change detection performance. To solve the problem, we propose a Graph-based Knowledge Supplement Network (GKSNet). To be more specific, we extract discriminative information from the existing labeled dataset as additional knowledge, to suppress the adverse effects of noisy samples to some extent. Afterwards, we design a graph transfer module to distill contextual information attentively from the labeled dataset to the target dataset, which bridges feature correlation between datasets. To validate the proposed method, we conducted extensive experiments on four SAR datasets, which demonstrated the superiority of the proposed GKSNet as compared to several state-of-the-art baselines. Our codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/summitgao/SAR_CD_GKSNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 77.FedMed-GAN: Federated Multi-Modal Unsupervised Brain Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.08953.pdf)
>  Utilizing the paired multi-modal neuroimaging data has been proved to be effective to investigate human cognitive activities and certain pathologies. However, it is not practical to obtain the full set of paired neuroimaging data centrally since the collection faces several constraints, e.g., high examination costs, long acquisition time, and even image corruption. In addition, most of the paired neuroimaging data are dispersed into different medical institutions and cannot group together for centralized training considering the privacy issues. Under the circumstance, there is a clear need to launch federated learning and facilitate the integration of other unpaired data from different hospitals or data owners. In this paper, we build up a new benchmark for federated multi-modal unsupervised brain image synthesis (termed as FedMed-GAN) to bridge the gap between federated learning and medical GAN. Moreover, based on the similarity of edge information across multi-modal neuroimaging data, we propose a novel edge loss to solve the generative mode collapse issue of FedMed-GAN and mitigate the performance drop resulting from differential privacy. Compared with the state-of-the-art method shown in our built benchmark, our novel edge loss could significantly speed up the generator convergence rate without sacrificing performance under different unpaired data distribution settings.      
### 78.Visual Representation Learning with Self-Supervised Attention for Low-Label High-data Regime  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.08951.pdf)
>  Self-supervision has shown outstanding results for natural language processing, and more recently, for image recognition. Simultaneously, vision transformers and its variants have emerged as a promising and scalable alternative to convolutions on various computer vision tasks. In this paper, we are the first to question if self-supervised vision transformers (SSL-ViTs) can be adapted to two important computer vision tasks in the low-label, high-data regime: few-shot image classification and zero-shot image retrieval. The motivation is to reduce the number of manual annotations required to train a visual embedder, and to produce generalizable and semantically meaningful embeddings. For few-shot image classification we train SSL-ViTs without any supervision, on external data, and use this trained embedder to adapt quickly to novel classes with limited number of labels. For zero-shot image retrieval, we use SSL-ViTs pre-trained on a large dataset without any labels and fine-tune them with several metric learning objectives. Our self-supervised attention representations outperforms the state-of-the-art on several public benchmarks for both tasks, namely miniImageNet and CUB200 for few-shot image classification by up-to 6%-10%, and Stanford Online Products, Cars196 and CUB200 for zero-shot image retrieval by up-to 4%-11%. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/AutoVision-cloud/SSL-ViT-lowlabel-highdata" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 79.Temporal Aggregation for Adaptive RGBT Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.08949.pdf)
>  Visual object tracking with RGB and thermal infrared (TIR) spectra available, shorted in RGBT tracking, is a novel and challenging research topic which draws increasing attention nowadays. In this paper, we propose an RGBT tracker which takes spatio-temporal clues into account for robust appearance model learning, and simultaneously, constructs an adaptive fusion sub-network for cross-modal interactions. Unlike most existing RGBT trackers that implement object tracking tasks with only spatial information included, temporal information is further considered in this method. Specifically, different from traditional Siamese trackers, which only obtain one search image during the process of picking up template-search image pairs, an extra search sample adjacent to the original one is selected to predict the temporal transformation, resulting in improved robustness of tracking <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://performance.As" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> for multi-modal tracking, constrained to the limited RGBT datasets, the adaptive fusion sub-network is appended to our method at the decision level to reflect the complementary characteristics contained in two modalities. To design a thermal infrared assisted RGB tracker, the outputs of the classification head from the TIR modality are taken into consideration before the residual connection from the RGB modality. Extensive experimental results on three challenging datasets, i.e. VOT-RGBT2019, GTOT and RGBT210, verify the effectiveness of our method. Code will be shared at \textcolor{blue}{\emph{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Zhangyong-Tang/TAAT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}}.      
### 80.Adaptive DropBlock Enhanced Generative Adversarial Networks for Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.08938.pdf)
>  In recent years, hyperspectral image (HSI) classification based on generative adversarial networks (GAN) has achieved great progress. GAN-based classification methods can mitigate the limited training sample dilemma to some extent. However, several studies have pointed out that existing GAN-based HSI classification methods are heavily affected by the imbalanced training data problem. The discriminator in GAN always contradicts itself and tries to associate fake labels to the minority-class samples, and thus impair the classification performance. Another critical issue is the mode collapse in GAN-based methods. The generator is only capable of producing samples within a narrow scope of the data space, which severely hinders the advancement of GAN-based HSI classification methods. In this paper, we proposed an Adaptive DropBlock-enhanced Generative Adversarial Networks (ADGAN) for HSI classification. First, to solve the imbalanced training data problem, we adjust the discriminator to be a single classifier, and it will not contradict itself. Second, an adaptive DropBlock (AdapDrop) is proposed as a regularization method employed in the generator and discriminator to alleviate the mode collapse issue. The AdapDrop generated drop masks with adaptive shapes instead of a fixed size region, and it alleviates the limitations of DropBlock in dealing with ground objects with various shapes. Experimental results on three HSI datasets demonstrated that the proposed ADGAN achieved superior performance over state-of-the-art GAN-based methods. Our codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/summitgao/HC_ADGAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 81.An Ensemble Model for Face Liveness Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.08901.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a passive method to detect face presentation attack a.k.a face liveness detection using an ensemble deep learning technique. Face liveness detection is one of the key steps involved in user identity verification of customers during the online onboarding/transaction processes. During identity verification, an unauthenticated user tries to bypass the verification system by several means, for example, they can capture a user photo from social media and do an imposter attack using printouts of users faces or using a digital photo from a mobile device and even create a more sophisticated attack like video replay attack. We have tried to understand the different methods of attack and created an in-house large-scale dataset covering all the kinds of attacks to train a robust deep learning model. We propose an ensemble method where multiple features of the face and background regions are learned to predict whether the user is a bonafide or an attacker.      
### 82.Signal Strength and Noise Drive Feature Preference in CNN Image Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.08893.pdf)
>  Feature preference in Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) image classifiers is integral to their decision making process, and while the topic has been well studied, it is still not understood at a fundamental level. We test a range of task relevant feature attributes (including shape, texture, and color) with varying degrees of signal and noise in highly controlled CNN image classification experiments using synthetic datasets to determine feature preferences. We find that CNNs will prefer features with stronger signal strength and lower noise irrespective of whether the feature is texture, shape, or color. This provides guidance for a predictive model for task relevant feature preferences, demonstrates pathways for bias in machine models that can be avoided with careful controls on experimental setup, and suggests that comparisons between how humans and machines prefer task relevant features in vision classification tasks should be revisited. Code to reproduce experiments in this paper can be found at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mwolff31/signal_preference" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 83.Image-to-Video Re-Identification via Mutual Discriminative Knowledge Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.08887.pdf)
>  The gap in representations between image and video makes Image-to-Video Re-identification (I2V Re-ID) challenging, and recent works formulate this problem as a knowledge distillation (KD) process. In this paper, we propose a mutual discriminative knowledge distillation framework to transfer a video-based richer representation to an image based representation more effectively. Specifically, we propose the triplet contrast loss (TCL), a novel loss designed for KD. During the KD process, the TCL loss transfers the local structure, exploits the higher order information, and mitigates the misalignment of the heterogeneous output of teacher and student networks. Compared with other losses for KD, the proposed TCL loss selectively transfers the local discriminative features from teacher to student, making it effective in the ReID. Besides the TCL loss, we adopt mutual learning to regularize both the teacher and student networks training. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our method on the MARS, DukeMTMC-VideoReID and VeRi-776 benchmarks.      
### 84.Transformers in Medical Imaging: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09873.pdf)
>  Following unprecedented success on the natural language tasks, Transformers have been successfully applied to several computer vision problems, achieving state-of-the-art results and prompting researchers to reconsider the supremacy of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) as {de facto} operators. Capitalizing on these advances in computer vision, the medical imaging field has also witnessed growing interest for Transformers that can capture global context compared to CNNs with local receptive fields. Inspired from this transition, in this survey, we attempt to provide a comprehensive review of the applications of Transformers in medical imaging covering various aspects, ranging from recently proposed architectural designs to unsolved issues. Specifically, we survey the use of Transformers in medical image segmentation, detection, classification, reconstruction, synthesis, registration, clinical report generation, and other tasks. In particular, for each of these applications, we develop taxonomy, identify application-specific challenges as well as provide insights to solve them, and highlight recent trends. Further, we provide a critical discussion of the field's current state as a whole, including the identification of key challenges, open problems, and outlining promising future directions. We hope this survey will ignite further interest in the community and provide researchers with an up-to-date reference regarding applications of Transformer models in medical imaging. Finally, to cope with the rapid development in this field, we intend to regularly update the relevant latest papers and their open-source implementations at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fahadshamshad/awesome-transformers-in-medical-imaging" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 85.Importance of Preprocessing in Histopathology Image Classification Using Deep Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09867.pdf)
>  The aim of this study is to propose an alternative and hybrid solution method for diagnosing the disease from histopathology images taken from animals with paratuberculosis and intact intestine. In detail, the hybrid method is based on using both image processing and deep learning for better results. Reliable disease detection from histo-pathology images is known as an open problem in medical image processing and alternative solutions need to be developed. In this context, 520 histopathology images were collected in a joint study with Burdur Mehmet Akif Ersoy University, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, and Department of Pathology. Manually detecting and interpreting these images requires expertise and a lot of processing time. For this reason, veterinarians, especially newly recruited physicians, have a great need for imaging and computer vision systems in the development of detection and treatment methods for this disease. The proposed solution method in this study is to use the CLAHE method and image processing together. After this preprocessing, the diagnosis is made by classifying a convolutional neural network sup-ported by the VGG-16 architecture. This method uses completely original dataset images. Two types of systems were applied for the evaluation parameters. While the F1 Score was 93% in the method classified without data preprocessing, it was 98% in the method that was preprocessed with the CLAHE method.      
### 86.Hyperspectral Image Super-resolution with Deep Priors and Degradation Model Inversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09851.pdf)
>  To overcome inherent hardware limitations of hyperspectral imaging systems with respect to their spatial resolution, fusion-based hyperspectral image (HSI) super-resolution is attracting increasing attention. This technique aims to fuse a low-resolution (LR) HSI and a conventional high-resolution (HR) RGB image in order to obtain an HR HSI. Recently, deep learning architectures have been used to address the HSI super-resolution problem and have achieved remarkable performance. However, they ignore the degradation model even though this model has a clear physical interpretation and may contribute to improve the performance. We address this problem by proposing a method that, on the one hand, makes use of the linear degradation model in the data-fidelity term of the objective function and, on the other hand, utilizes the output of a convolutional neural network for designing a deep prior regularizer in spectral and spatial gradient domains. Experiments show the performance improvement achieved with this strategy.      
### 87.MMLatch: Bottom-up Top-down Fusion for Multimodal Sentiment Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09828.pdf)
>  Current deep learning approaches for multimodal fusion rely on bottom-up fusion of high and mid-level latent modality representations (late/mid fusion) or low level sensory inputs (early fusion). Models of human perception highlight the importance of top-down fusion, where high-level representations affect the way sensory inputs are perceived, i.e. cognition affects perception. These top-down interactions are not captured in current deep learning models. In this work we propose a neural architecture that captures top-down cross-modal interactions, using a feedback mechanism in the forward pass during network training. The proposed mechanism extracts high-level representations for each modality and uses these representations to mask the sensory inputs, allowing the model to perform top-down feature masking. We apply the proposed model for multimodal sentiment recognition on CMU-MOSEI. Our method shows consistent improvements over the well established MulT and over our strong late fusion baseline, achieving state-of-the-art results.      
### 88.Generative Planning for Temporally Coordinated Exploration in Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09765.pdf)
>  Standard model-free reinforcement learning algorithms optimize a policy that generates the action to be taken in the current time step in order to maximize expected future return. While flexible, it faces difficulties arising from the inefficient exploration due to its single step nature. In this work, we present Generative Planning method (GPM), which can generate actions not only for the current step, but also for a number of future steps (thus termed as generative planning). This brings several benefits to GPM. Firstly, since GPM is trained by maximizing value, the plans generated from it can be regarded as intentional action sequences for reaching high value regions. GPM can therefore leverage its generated multi-step plans for temporally coordinated exploration towards high value regions, which is potentially more effective than a sequence of actions generated by perturbing each action at single step level, whose consistent movement decays exponentially with the number of exploration steps. Secondly, starting from a crude initial plan generator, GPM can refine it to be adaptive to the task, which, in return, benefits future explorations. This is potentially more effective than commonly used action-repeat strategy, which is non-adaptive in its form of plans. Additionally, since the multi-step plan can be interpreted as the intent of the agent from now to a span of time period into the future, it offers a more informative and intuitive signal for interpretation. Experiments are conducted on several benchmark environments and the results demonstrated its effectiveness compared with several baseline methods.      
### 89.Machine Learning Algorithms for Prediction of Penetration Depth and Geometrical Analysis of Weld in Friction Stir Spot Welding Process  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09725.pdf)
>  Nowadays, manufacturing sectors harness the power of machine learning and data science algorithms to make predictions for the optimization of mechanical and microstructure properties of fabricated mechanical components. The application of these algorithms reduces the experimental cost beside leads to reduce the time of experiments. The present research work is based on the prediction of penetration depth using Supervised Machine Learning algorithms such as Support Vector Machines (SVM), Random Forest Algorithm, and Robust Regression algorithm. A Friction Stir Spot Welding (FSSW) was used to join two elements of AA1230 aluminum alloys. The dataset consists of three input parameters: Rotational Speed (rpm), Dwelling Time (seconds), and Axial Load (KN), on which the machine learning models were trained and tested. It observed that the Robust Regression machine learning algorithm outperformed the rest of the algorithms by resulting in the coefficient of determination of 0.96. The research work also highlights the application of image processing techniques to find the geometrical features of the weld formation.      
### 90.Shape-consistent Generative Adversarial Networks for multi-modal Medical segmentation maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09693.pdf)
>  Image translation across domains for unpaired datasets has gained interest and great improvement lately. In medical imaging, there are multiple imaging modalities, with very different characteristics. Our goal is to use cross-modality adaptation between CT and MRI whole cardiac scans for semantic segmentation. We present a segmentation network using synthesised cardiac volumes for extremely limited datasets. Our solution is based on a 3D cross-modality generative adversarial network to share information between modalities and generate synthesized data using unpaired datasets. Our network utilizes semantic segmentation to improve generator shape consistency, thus creating more realistic synthesised volumes to be used when re-training the segmentation network. We show that improved segmentation can be achieved on small datasets when using spatial augmentations to improve a generative adversarial network. These augmentations improve the generator capabilities, thus enhancing the performance of the Segmentor. Using only 16 CT and 16 MRI cardiovascular volumes, improved results are shown over other segmentation methods while using the suggested architecture.      
### 91.A Review of Deep Transfer Learning and Recent Advancements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09679.pdf)
>  A successful deep learning model is dependent on extensive training data and processing power and time (known as training costs). There exist many tasks without enough number of labeled data to train a deep learning model. Further, the demand is rising for running deep learning models on edge devices with limited processing capacity and training time. Deep transfer learning (DTL) methods are the answer to tackle such limitations, e.g., fine-tuning a pre-trained model on a massive semi-related dataset proved to be a simple and effective method for many problems. DTLs handle limited target data concerns as well as drastically reduce the training costs. In this paper, the definition and taxonomy of deep transfer learning is reviewed. Then we focus on the sub-category of network-based DTLs since it is the most common types of DTLs that have been applied to various applications in the last decade.      
### 92.Analyzing Multispectral Satellite Imagery of South American Wildfires Using CNNs and Unsupervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09671.pdf)
>  Since severe droughts are occurring more frequently and lengthening the dry season in the Amazon Rainforest, it is important to respond to active wildfires promptly and to forecast them before they become inextinguishable. Though computer vision researchers have applied algorithms on large databases to automatically detect wildfires, current models are computationally expensive and are not versatile enough for the low technology conditions of regions in South America. This comprehensive deep learning study first trains a Fully Convolutional Neural Network with skip connections on multispectral Landsat 8 images of Ecuador and the Galapagos. The model uses Green and Short-wave Infrared bands as inputs to predict each image's corresponding pixel-level binary fire mask. This model achieves a 0.962 validation F2 score and a 0.932 F2 score on test data from Guyana and Suriname. Afterward, image segmentation is conducted on the Cirrus Cloud band using K-Means Clustering to simplify continuous pixel values into three discrete classes representing the degree of cirrus cloud contamination. Two additional Convolutional Neural Networks are trained to classify the presence of a wildfire in a patch of land using these segmented cirrus images. The "experimental" model trained on the segmented inputs achieves 96.5% binary accuracy and has smoother learning curves than the "control model" that is not given the segmented inputs. This proof of concept reveals that feature simplification can improve the performance of wildfire detection models. Overall, the software built in this study is useful for early and accurate detection of wildfires in South America.      
### 93.AutoSeg -- Steering the Inductive Biases for Automatic Pathology Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09579.pdf)
>  In medical imaging, un-, semi-, or self-supervised pathology detection is often approached with anomaly- or out-of-distribution detection methods, whose inductive biases are not intentionally directed towards detecting pathologies, and are therefore sub-optimal for this task. To tackle this problem, we propose AutoSeg, an engine that can generate diverse artificial anomalies that resemble the properties of real-world pathologies. Our method can accurately segment unseen artificial anomalies and outperforms existing methods for pathology detection on a challenging real-world dataset of Chest X-ray images. We experimentally evaluate our method on the Medical Out-of-Distribution Analysis Challenge 2021.      
### 94.Accelerated Intravascular Ultrasound Imaging using Deep Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09522.pdf)
>  Intravascular ultrasound (IVUS) offers a unique perspective in the treatment of vascular diseases by creating a sequence of ultrasound-slices acquired from within the vessel. However, unlike conventional hand-held ultrasound, the thin catheter only provides room for a small number of physical channels for signal transfer from a transducer-array at the tip. For continued improvement of image quality and frame rate, we present the use of deep reinforcement learning to deal with the current physical information bottleneck. Valuable inspiration has come from the field of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), where learned acquisition schemes have brought significant acceleration in image acquisition at competing image quality. To efficiently accelerate IVUS imaging, we propose a framework that utilizes deep reinforcement learning for an optimal adaptive acquisition policy on a per-frame basis enabled by actor-critic methods and Gumbel top-$K$ sampling.      
### 95.Forgery Attack Detection in Surveillance Video Streams Using Wi-Fi Channel State Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09487.pdf)
>  The cybersecurity breaches expose surveillance video streams to forgery attacks, under which authentic streams are falsified to hide unauthorized activities. Traditional video forensics approaches can localize forgery traces using spatial-temporal analysis on relatively long video clips, while falling short in real-time forgery detection. The recent work correlates time-series camera and wireless signals to detect looped videos but cannot realize fine-grained forgery localization. To overcome these limitations, we propose Secure-Pose, which exploits the pervasive coexistence of surveillance and Wi-Fi infrastructures to defend against video forgery attacks in a real-time and fine-grained manner. We observe that coexisting camera and Wi-Fi signals convey common human semantic information and forgery attacks on video streams will decouple such information correspondence. Particularly, retrievable human pose features are first extracted from concurrent video and Wi-Fi channel state information (CSI) streams. Then, a lightweight detection network is developed to accurately discover forgery attacks and an efficient localization algorithm is devised to seamlessly track forgery traces in video streams. We implement Secure-Pose using one Logitech camera and two Intel 5300 NICs and evaluate it in different environments. Secure-Pose achieves a high detection accuracy of 98.7% and localizes abnormal objects under playback and tampering attacks.      
### 96.Cyber Mobility Mirror for Enabling Cooperative Driving Automation: A Co-Simulation Platform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09463.pdf)
>  Endowed with automation and connectivity, Connected and Automated Vehicles (CAVs) are meant to be a revolutionary promoter for Cooperative Driving Automation (CDA). Nevertheless, CAVs need high-fidelity perception information on their surroundings, which is available but costly to collect from various on-board sensors, such as radar, camera, and LiDAR, as well as vehicle-to-everything (V2X) communications. Therefore, precisely simulating the sensing process with high-fidelity sensor inputs and timely retrieving the perception information via a cost-effective platform are of increasing significance for enabling CDA-related research, e.g., development of decision-making or control module. Most state-of-the-art traffic simulation studies for CAVs rely on the situation-awareness information by directly calling on intrinsic attributes of the objects, which impedes the reliability and fidelity for testing and validation of CDA algorithms. In this study, a co-simulation platform is developed, which can simulate both the real world with a high-fidelity sensor perception system and the cyber world (or "mirror" world) with a real-time 3D reconstruction system. Specifically, the real-world simulator is mainly in charge of simulating the road-users (such as vehicles, bicyclists, and pedestrians), infrastructure (e.g., traffic signals and roadside sensors) as well as the object detection process. The mirror-world simulator is responsible for reconstructing 3D objects and their trajectories from the perceived information (provided by those roadside sensors in the real-world simulator) to support the development and evaluation of CDA algorithms. To illustrate the efficacy of this co-simulation platform, a roadside LiDAR-based real-time vehicle detection and 3D reconstruction system is prototyped as a study case.      
### 97.Fast MRI Reconstruction: How Powerful Transformers Are?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09400.pdf)
>  Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a widely used non-radiative and non-invasive method for clinical interrogation of organ structures and metabolism, with an inherently long scanning time. Methods by k-space undersampling and deep learning based reconstruction have been popularised to accelerate the scanning process. This work focuses on investigating how powerful transformers are for fast MRI by exploiting and comparing different novel network architectures. In particular, a generative adversarial network (GAN) based Swin transformer (ST-GAN) was introduced for the fast MRI reconstruction. To further preserve the edge and texture information, edge enhanced GAN based Swin transformer (EESGAN) and texture enhanced GAN based Swin transformer (TES-GAN) were also developed, where a dual-discriminator GAN structure was applied. We compared our proposed GAN based transformers, standalone Swin transformer and other convolutional neural networks based based GAN model in terms of the evaluation metrics PSNR, SSIM and FID. We showed that transformers work well for the MRI reconstruction from different undersampling conditions. The utilisation of GAN's adversarial structure improves the quality of images reconstructed when undersampled for 30% or higher.      
### 98.ReconFormer: Accelerated MRI Reconstruction Using Recurrent Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09376.pdf)
>  Accelerating magnetic resonance image (MRI) reconstruction process is a challenging ill-posed inverse problem due to the excessive under-sampling operation in k-space. In this paper, we propose a recurrent transformer model, namely ReconFormer, for MRI reconstruction which can iteratively reconstruct high fertility magnetic resonance images from highly under-sampled k-space data. In particular, the proposed architecture is built upon Recurrent Pyramid Transformer Layers (RPTL), which jointly exploits intrinsic multi-scale information at every architecture unit as well as the dependencies of the deep feature correlation through recurrent states. Moreover, the proposed ReconFormer is lightweight since it employs the recurrent structure for its parameter efficiency. We validate the effectiveness of ReconFormer on multiple datasets with different magnetic resonance sequences and show that it achieves significant improvements over the state-of-the-art methods with better parameter efficiency. Implementation code will be available in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/guopengf/ReconFormer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 99.Sketch2PQ: Freeform Planar Quadrilateral Mesh Design via a Single Sketch  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09367.pdf)
>  The freeform architectural modeling process often involves two important stages: concept design and digital modeling. In the first stage, architects usually sketch the overall 3D shape and the panel layout on a physical or digital paper briefly. In the second stage, a digital 3D model is created using the sketching as the reference. The digital model needs to incorporate geometric requirements for its components, such as planarity of panels due to consideration of construction costs, which can make the modeling process more challenging. In this work, we present a novel sketch-based system to bridge the concept design and digital modeling of freeform roof-like shapes represented as planar quadrilateral (PQ) meshes. Our system allows the user to sketch the surface boundary and contour lines under axonometric projection and supports the sketching of occluded regions. In addition, the user can sketch feature lines to provide directional guidance to the PQ mesh layout. Given the 2D sketch input, we propose a deep neural network to infer in real-time the underlying surface shape along with a dense conjugate direction field, both of which are used to extract the final PQ mesh. To train and validate our network, we generate a large synthetic dataset that mimics architect sketching of freeform quadrilateral patches. The effectiveness and usability of our system are demonstrated with quantitative and qualitative evaluation as well as user studies.      
### 100.POTHER: Patch-Voted Deep Learning-based Chest X-ray Bias Analysis for COVID-19 Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09360.pdf)
>  A critical step in the fight against COVID-19, which continues to have a catastrophic impact on peoples lives, is the effective screening of patients presented in the clinics with severe COVID-19 symptoms. Chest radiography is one of the promising screening approaches. Many studies reported detecting COVID-19 in chest X-rays accurately using deep learning. A serious limitation of many published approaches is insufficient attention paid to explaining decisions made by deep learning models. Using explainable artificial intelligence methods, we demonstrate that model decisions may rely on confounding factors rather than medical pathology. After an analysis of potential confounding factors found on chest X-ray images, we propose a novel method to minimise their negative impact. We show that our proposed method is more robust than previous attempts to counter confounding factors such as ECG leads in chest X-rays that often influence model classification decisions. In addition to being robust, our method achieves results comparable to the state-of-the-art. The source code and pre-trained weights are publicly available (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tomek1911/POTHER" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>).      
### 101.Perceptual cGAN for MRI Super-resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09314.pdf)
>  Capturing high-resolution magnetic resonance (MR) images is a time consuming process, which makes it unsuitable for medical emergencies and pediatric patients. Low-resolution MR imaging, by contrast, is faster than its high-resolution counterpart, but it compromises on fine details necessary for a more precise diagnosis. Super-resolution (SR), when applied to low-resolution MR images, can help increase their utility by synthetically generating high-resolution images with little additional time. In this paper, we present a SR technique for MR images that is based on generative adversarial networks (GANs), which have proven to be quite useful in generating sharp-looking details in SR. We introduce a conditional GAN with perceptual loss, which is conditioned upon the input low-resolution image, which improves the performance for isotropic and anisotropic MRI super-resolution.      
### 102.Spectral, Probabilistic, and Deep Metric Learning: Tutorial and Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09267.pdf)
>  This is a tutorial and survey paper on metric learning. Algorithms are divided into spectral, probabilistic, and deep metric learning. We first start with the definition of distance metric, Mahalanobis distance, and generalized Mahalanobis distance. In spectral methods, we start with methods using scatters of data, including the first spectral metric learning, relevant methods to Fisher discriminant analysis, Relevant Component Analysis (RCA), Discriminant Component Analysis (DCA), and the Fisher-HSIC method. Then, large-margin metric learning, imbalanced metric learning, locally linear metric adaptation, and adversarial metric learning are covered. We also explain several kernel spectral methods for metric learning in the feature space. We also introduce geometric metric learning methods on the Riemannian manifolds. In probabilistic methods, we start with collapsing classes in both input and feature spaces and then explain the neighborhood component analysis methods, Bayesian metric learning, information theoretic methods, and empirical risk minimization in metric learning. In deep learning methods, we first introduce reconstruction autoencoders and supervised loss functions for metric learning. Then, Siamese networks and its various loss functions, triplet mining, and triplet sampling are explained. Deep discriminant analysis methods, based on Fisher discriminant analysis, are also reviewed. Finally, we introduce multi-modal deep metric learning, geometric metric learning by neural networks, and few-shot metric learning.      
### 103.Increasing the Cost of Model Extraction with Calibrated Proof of Work  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09243.pdf)
>  In model extraction attacks, adversaries can steal a machine learning model exposed via a public API by repeatedly querying it and adjusting their own model based on obtained predictions. To prevent model stealing, existing defenses focus on detecting malicious queries, truncating, or distorting outputs, thus necessarily introducing a tradeoff between robustness and model utility for legitimate users. Instead, we propose to impede model extraction by requiring users to complete a proof-of-work before they can read the model's predictions. This deters attackers by greatly increasing (even up to 100x) the computational effort needed to leverage query access for model extraction. Since we calibrate the effort required to complete the proof-of-work to each query, this only introduces a slight overhead for regular users (up to 2x). To achieve this, our calibration applies tools from differential privacy to measure the information revealed by a query. Our method requires no modification of the victim model and can be applied by machine learning practitioners to guard their publicly exposed models against being easily stolen.      
### 104.Learning-Driven Lossy Image Compression; A Comprehensive Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09240.pdf)
>  In the realm of image processing and computer vision (CV), machine learning (ML) architectures are widely applied. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) solve a wide range of image processing issues and can solve image compression problem. Compression of images is necessary due to bandwidth and memory constraints. Helpful, redundant, and irrelevant information are three different forms of information found in images. This paper aims to survey recent techniques utilizing mostly lossy image compression using ML architectures including different auto-encoders (AEs) such as convolutional auto-encoders (CAEs), variational auto-encoders (VAEs), and AEs with hyper-prior models, recurrent neural networks (RNNs), CNNs, generative adversarial networks (GANs), principal component analysis (PCA) and fuzzy means clustering. We divide all of the algorithms into several groups based on architecture. We cover still image compression in this survey. Various discoveries for the researchers are emphasized and possible future directions for researchers. The open research problems such as out of memory (OOM), striped region distortion (SRD), aliasing, and compatibility of the frameworks with central processing unit (CPU) and graphics processing unit (GPU) simultaneously are explained. The majority of the publications in the compression domain surveyed are from the previous five years and use a variety of approaches.      
### 105.Learning to Predict Gradients for Semi-Supervised Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09196.pdf)
>  A key challenge for machine intelligence is to learn new visual concepts without forgetting the previously acquired knowledge. Continual learning is aimed towards addressing this challenge. However, there is a gap between existing supervised continual learning and human-like intelligence, where human is able to learn from both labeled and unlabeled data. How unlabeled data affects learning and catastrophic forgetting in the continual learning process remains unknown. To explore these issues, we formulate a new semi-supervised continual learning method, which can be generically applied to existing continual learning models. Specifically, a novel gradient learner learns from labeled data to predict gradients on unlabeled data. Hence, the unlabeled data could fit into the supervised continual learning method. Different from conventional semi-supervised settings, we do not hypothesize that the underlying classes, which are associated to the unlabeled data, are known to the learning process. In other words, the unlabeled data could be very distinct from the labeled data. We evaluate the proposed method on mainstream continual learning, adversarial continual learning, and semi-supervised learning tasks. The proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance on classification accuracy and backward transfer in the continual learning setting while achieving desired performance on classification accuracy in the semi-supervised learning setting. This implies that the unlabeled images can enhance the generalizability of continual learning models on the predictive ability on unseen data and significantly alleviate catastrophic forgetting. The code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/luoyan407/grad_prediction.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 106.A Pre-trained Audio-Visual Transformer for Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09165.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a pretrained audio-visual Transformer trained on more than 500k utterances from nearly 4000 celebrities from the VoxCeleb2 dataset for human behavior understanding. The model aims to capture and extract useful information from the interactions between human facial and auditory behaviors, with application in emotion recognition. We evaluate the model performance on two datasets, namely CREMAD-D (emotion classification) and MSP-IMPROV (continuous emotion regression). Experimental results show that fine-tuning the pre-trained model helps improving emotion classification accuracy by 5-7% and Concordance Correlation Coefficients (CCC) in continuous emotion recognition by 0.03-0.09 compared to the same model trained from scratch. We also demonstrate the robustness of finetuning the pre-trained model in a low-resource setting. With only 10% of the original training set provided, fine-tuning the pre-trained model can lead to at least 10% better emotion recognition accuracy and a CCC score improvement by at least 0.1 for continuous emotion recognition.      
### 107.Pulmonary Fissure Segmentation in CT Images Based on ODoS Filter and Shape Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09163.pdf)
>  Priori knowledge of pulmonary anatomy plays a vital role in diagnosis of lung diseases. In CT images, pulmonary fissure segmentation is a formidable mission due to various of factors. To address the challenge, an useful approach based on ODoS filter and shape features is presented for pulmonary fissure segmentation. Here, we adopt an ODoS filter by merging the orientation information and magnitude information to highlight structure features for fissure enhancement, which can effectively distinguish between pulmonary fissures and clutters. Motivated by the fact that pulmonary fissures appear as linear structures in 2D space and planar structures in 3D space in orientation field, an orientation curvature criterion and an orientation partition scheme are fused to separate fissure patches and other structures in different orientation partition, which can suppress parts of clutters. Considering the shape difference between pulmonary fissures and tubular structures in magnitude field, a shape measure approach and a 3D skeletonization model are combined to segment pulmonary fissures for clutters removal. When applying our scheme to 55 chest CT scans which acquired from a publicly available LOLA11 datasets, the median F1-score, False Discovery Rate (FDR), and False Negative Rate (FNR) respectively are 0.896, 0.109, and 0.100, which indicates that the presented method has a satisfactory pulmonary fissure segmentation performance.      
### 108.Artificial Intelligence for Suicide Assessment using Audiovisual Cues: A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.09130.pdf)
>  Death by suicide is the seventh of the leading death cause worldwide. The recent advancement in Artificial Intelligence (AI), specifically AI application in image and voice processing, has created a promising opportunity to revolutionize suicide risk assessment. Subsequently, we have witnessed fast-growing literature of researches that applies AI to extract audiovisual non-verbal cues for mental illness assessment. However, the majority of the recent works focus on depression, despite the evident difference between depression signs and suicidal behavior non-verbal cues. In this paper, we review the recent works that study suicide ideation and suicide behavior detection through audiovisual feature analysis, mainly suicidal voice/speech acoustic features analysis and suicidal visual cues.      
### 109.Diffractive all-optical computing for quantitative phase imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.08964.pdf)
>  Quantitative phase imaging (QPI) is a label-free computational imaging technique that provides optical path length information of specimens. In modern implementations, the quantitative phase image of an object is reconstructed digitally through numerical methods running in a computer, often using iterative algorithms. Here, we demonstrate a diffractive QPI network that can synthesize the quantitative phase image of an object by converting the input phase information of a scene into intensity variations at the output plane. A diffractive QPI network is a specialized all-optical processor designed to perform a quantitative phase-to-intensity transformation through passive diffractive surfaces that are spatially engineered using deep learning and image data. Forming a compact, all-optical network that axially extends only ~200-300 times the illumination wavelength, this framework can replace traditional QPI systems and related digital computational burden with a set of passive transmissive layers. All-optical diffractive QPI networks can potentially enable power-efficient, high frame-rate and compact phase imaging systems that might be useful for various applications, including, e.g., on-chip microscopy and sensing.      
### 110.Modality Bank: Learn multi-modality images across data centers without sharing medical data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.08955.pdf)
>  Multi-modality images have been widely used and provide comprehensive information for medical image analysis. However, acquiring all modalities among all institutes is costly and often impossible in clinical settings. To leverage more comprehensive multi-modality information, we propose a privacy secured decentralized multi-modality adaptive learning architecture named ModalityBank. Our method could learn a set of effective domain-specific modulation parameters plugged into a common domain-agnostic network. We demonstrate by switching different sets of configurations, the generator could output high-quality images for a specific modality. Our method could also complete the missing modalities across all data centers, thus could be used for modality completion purposes. The downstream task trained from the synthesized multi-modality samples could achieve higher performance than learning from one real data center and achieve close-to-real performance compare with all real images.      
### 111.DCNGAN: A Deformable Convolutional-Based GAN with QP Adaptation for Perceptual Quality Enhancement of Compressed Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.08944.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a deformable convolution-based generative adversarial network (DCNGAN) for perceptual quality enhancement of compressed videos. DCNGAN is also adaptive to the quantization parameters (QPs). Compared with optical flows, deformable convolutions are more effective and efficient to align frames. Deformable convolutions can operate on multiple frames, thus leveraging more temporal information, which is beneficial for enhancing the perceptual quality of compressed videos. Instead of aligning frames in a pairwise manner, the deformable convolution can process multiple frames simultaneously, which leads to lower computational complexity. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed DCNGAN outperforms other state-of-the-art compressed video quality enhancement algorithms.      
### 112.SAR Image Change Detection Based on Multiscale Capsule Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.08935.pdf)
>  Traditional synthetic aperture radar image change detection methods based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) face the challenges of speckle noise and deformation sensitivity. To mitigate these issues, we proposed a Multiscale Capsule Network (Ms-CapsNet) to extract the discriminative information between the changed and unchanged pixels. On the one hand, the multiscale capsule module is employed to exploit the spatial relationship of features. Therefore, equivariant properties can be achieved by aggregating the features from different positions. On the other hand, an adaptive fusion convolution (AFC) module is designed for the proposed Ms-CapsNet. Higher semantic features can be captured for the primary capsules. Feature extracted by the AFC module significantly improves the robustness to speckle noise. The effectiveness of the proposed Ms-CapsNet is verified on three real SAR datasets. The comparison experiments with four state-of-the-art methods demonstrate the efficiency of the proposed method. Our codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/summitgao/SAR_CD_MS_CapsNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 113.On the in vivo recognition of kidney stones using machine learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.08865.pdf)
>  Determining the type of kidney stones allows urologists to prescribe a treatment to avoid recurrence of renal lithiasis. An automated in-vivo image-based classification method would be an important step towards an immediate identification of the kidney stone type required as a first phase of the diagnosis. In the literature it was shown on ex-vivo data (i.e., in very controlled scene and image acquisition conditions) that an automated kidney stone classification is indeed feasible. This pilot study compares the kidney stone recognition performances of six shallow machine learning methods and three deep-learning architectures which were tested with in-vivo images of the four most frequent urinary calculi types acquired with an endoscope during standard ureteroscopies. This contribution details the database construction and the design of the tested kidney stones classifiers. Even if the best results were obtained by the Inception v3 architecture (weighted precision, recall and F1-score of 0.97, 0.98 and 0.97, respectively), it is also shown that choosing an appropriate colour space and texture features allows a shallow machine learning method to approach closely the performances of the most promising deep-learning methods (the XGBoost classifier led to weighted precision, recall and F1-score values of 0.96). This paper is the first one that explores the most discriminant features to be extracted from images acquired during ureteroscopies.      
