# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 17 Jan 2022
### 1.HYLDA: End-to-end Hybrid Learning Domain Adaptation for LiDAR Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05585.pdf)
>  In this paper we address the problem of training a LiDAR semantic segmentation network using a fully-labeled source dataset and a target dataset that only has a small number of labels. To this end, we develop a novel image-to-image translation engine, and couple it with a LiDAR semantic segmentation network, resulting in an integrated domain adaptation architecture we call HYLDA. To train the system end-to-end, we adopt a diverse set of learning paradigms, including 1) self-supervision on a simple auxiliary reconstruction task, 2) semi-supervised training using a few available labeled target domain frames, and 3) unsupervised training on the fake translated images generated by the image-to-image translation stage, together with the labeled frames from the source domain. In the latter case, the semantic segmentation network participates in the updating of the image-to-image translation engine. We demonstrate experimentally that HYLDA effectively addresses the challenging problem of improving generalization on validation data from the target domain when only a few target labeled frames are available for training. We perform an extensive evaluation where we compare HYLDA against strong baseline methods using two publicly available LiDAR semantic segmentation datasets.      
### 2.Multimodal registration of FISH and nanoSIMS images using convolutional neural network models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05545.pdf)
>  Nanoscale secondary ion mass spectrometry (nanoSIMS) and fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) microscopy provide high-resolution, multimodal image representations of the identity and cell activity respectively of targeted microbial communities in microbiological research. Despite its importance to microbiologists, multimodal registration of FISH and nanoSIMS images is challenging given the morphological distortion and background noise in both images. In this study, we use convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for multiscale feature extraction, shape context for computation of the minimum transformation cost feature matching and the thin-plate spline (TPS) model for multimodal registration of the FISH and nanoSIMS images. All the six tested CNN models, VGG16, VGG19, GoogLeNet and ShuffleNet, ResNet18 and ResNet101 performed well, demonstrating the utility of CNNs in the registration of multimodal images with significant background noise and morphology distortion. We also show aggregate shape preserved by binarization to be a robust feature for registering multimodal microbiology-related images.      
### 3.ViT2Hash: Unsupervised Information-Preserving Hashing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05541.pdf)
>  Unsupervised image hashing, which maps images into binary codes without supervision, is a compressor with a high compression rate. Hence, how to preserving meaningful information of the original data is a critical problem. Inspired by the large-scale vision pre-training model, known as ViT, which has shown significant progress for learning visual representations, in this paper, we propose a simple information-preserving compressor to finetune the ViT model for the target unsupervised hashing task. Specifically, from pixels to continuous features, we first propose a feature-preserving module, using the corrupted image as input to reconstruct the original feature from the pre-trained ViT model and the complete image, so that the feature extractor can focus on preserving the meaningful information of original data. Secondly, from continuous features to hash codes, we propose a hashing-preserving module, which aims to keep the semantic information from the pre-trained ViT model by using the proposed Kullback-Leibler divergence loss. Besides, the quantization loss and the similarity loss are added to minimize the quantization error. Our method is very simple and achieves a significantly higher degree of MAP on three benchmark image datasets.      
### 4.Determination of building flood risk maps from LiDAR mobile mapping data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05514.pdf)
>  With increasing urbanization, flooding is a major challenge for many cities today. Based on forecast precipitation, topography, and pipe networks, flood simulations can provide early warnings for areas and buildings at risk of flooding. Basement windows, doors, and underground garage entrances are common places where floodwater can flow into a building. Some buildings have been prepared or designed considering the threat of flooding, but others have not. Therefore, knowing the heights of these facade openings helps to identify places that are more susceptible to water ingress. However, such data is not yet readily available in most cities. Traditional surveying of the desired targets may be used, but this is a very time-consuming and laborious process. This research presents a new process for the extraction of windows and doors from LiDAR mobile mapping data. Deep learning object detection models are trained to identify these objects. Usually, this requires to provide large amounts of manual annotations. In this paper, we mitigate this problem by leveraging a rule-based method. In a first step, the rule-based method is used to generate pseudo-labels. A semi-supervised learning strategy is then applied with three different levels of supervision. The results show that using only automatically generated pseudo-labels, the learning-based model outperforms the rule-based approach by 14.6% in terms of F1-score. After five hours of human supervision, it is possible to improve the model by another 6.2%. By comparing the detected facade openings' heights with the predicted water levels from a flood simulation model, a map can be produced which assigns per-building flood risk levels. This information can be combined with flood forecasting to provide a more targeted disaster prevention guide for the city's infrastructure and residential buildings.      
### 5.Emergence of Machine Language: Towards Symbolic Intelligence with Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05489.pdf)
>  Representation is a core issue in artificial intelligence. Humans use discrete language to communicate and learn from each other, while machines use continuous features (like vector, matrix, or tensor in deep neural networks) to represent cognitive patterns. Discrete symbols are low-dimensional, decoupled, and have strong reasoning ability, while continuous features are high-dimensional, coupled, and have incredible abstracting capabilities. In recent years, deep learning has developed the idea of continuous representation to the extreme, using millions of parameters to achieve high accuracies. Although this is reasonable from the statistical perspective, it has other major problems like lacking interpretability, poor generalization, and is easy to be attacked. Since both paradigms have strengths and weaknesses, a better choice is to seek reconciliation. In this paper, we make an initial attempt towards this direction. Specifically, we propose to combine symbolism and connectionism principles by using neural networks to derive a discrete representation. This process is highly similar to human language, which is a natural combination of discrete symbols and neural systems, where the brain processes continuous signals and represents intelligence via discrete language. To mimic this functionality, we denote our approach as machine language. By designing an interactive environment and task, we demonstrated that machines could generate a spontaneous, flexible, and semantic language through cooperation. Moreover, through experiments we show that discrete language representation has several advantages compared with continuous feature representation, from the aspects of interpretability, generalization, and robustness.      
### 6.HardBoost: Boosting Zero-Shot Learning with Hard Classes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05479.pdf)
>  This work is a systematical analysis on the so-called hard class problem in zero-shot learning (ZSL), that is, some unseen classes disproportionally affect the ZSL performances than others, as well as how to remedy the problem by detecting and exploiting hard classes. At first, we report our empirical finding that the hard class problem is a ubiquitous phenomenon and persists regardless of used specific methods in ZSL. Then, we find that high semantic affinity among unseen classes is a plausible underlying cause of hardness and design two metrics to detect hard classes. Finally, two frameworks are proposed to remedy the problem by detecting and exploiting hard classes, one under inductive setting, the other under transductive setting. The proposed frameworks could accommodate most existing ZSL methods to further significantly boost their performances with little efforts. Extensive experiments on three popular benchmarks demonstrate the benefits by identifying and exploiting the hard classes in ZSL.      
### 7.SRVIO: Super Robust Visual Inertial Odometry for dynamic environments and challenging Loop-closure conditions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05386.pdf)
>  The visual localization or odometry problem is a well-known challenge in the field of autonomous robots and cars. Traditionally, this problem can ba tackled with the help of expensive sensors such as lidars. Nowadays, the leading research is on robust localization using economic sensors, such as cameras and IMUs. The geometric methods based on these sensors are pretty good in normal conditions withstable lighting and no dynamic objects. These methods suffer from significant loss and divergence in such challenging environments. The scientists came to use deep neural networks (DNNs) as the savior to mitigate this problem. The main idea behind using DNNs was to better understand the problem inside the data and overcome complex conditions (such as a dynamic object in front of the camera, extreme lighting conditions, keeping the track at high speeds, etc.) The prior endto-end DNN methods are able to overcome some of the mentioned challenges. However, no general and robust framework for all of these scenarios is available. In this paper, we have combined geometric and DNN based methods to have the pros of geometric SLAM frameworks and overcome the remaining challenges with the DNNs help. To do this, we have modified the Vins-Mono framework (the most robust and accurate framework till now) and we were able to achieve state-of-the-art results on TUM-Dynamic, TUM-VI, ADVIO and EuRoC datasets compared to geometric and end-to-end DNN based SLAMs. Our proposed framework was also able to achieve acceptable results on extreme simulated cases resembling the challenges mentioned earlier easy.      
### 8.Saliency Constrained Arbitrary Image Style Transfer using SIFT and DCNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05346.pdf)
>  This paper develops a new image synthesis approach to transfer an example image (style image) to other images (content images) by using Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (DCNN) model. When common neural style transfer methods are used, the textures and colors in the style image are usually transferred imperfectly to the content image, or some visible errors are generated. This paper proposes a novel saliency constrained method to reduce or avoid such effects. It first evaluates some existing saliency detection methods to select the most suitable one for use in our method. The selected saliency detection method is used to detect the object in the style image, corresponding to the object of the content image with the same saliency. In addition, aim to solve the problem that the size or resolution is different in the style image and content, the scale-invariant feature transform is used to generate a series of style images and content images which can be used to generate more feature maps for patches matching. It then proposes a new loss function combining the saliency loss, style loss and content loss, adding gradient of saliency constraint into style transfer in iterations. Finally the source images and saliency detection results are utilized as multichannel input to an improved deep CNN framework for style transfer. The experiments show that the saliency maps of source images can help find the correct matching and avoid artifacts. Experimental results on different kind of images demonstrate that our method outperforms nine representative methods from recent publications and has good robustness.      
### 9.A Novel Skeleton-Based Human Activity Discovery Technique Using Particle Swarm Optimization with Gaussian Mutation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05314.pdf)
>  Human activity discovery aims to distinguish the activities performed by humans, without any prior information of what defines each activity. Most methods presented in human activity recognition are supervised, where there are labeled inputs to train the system. In reality, it is difficult to label data because of its huge volume and the variety of activities performed by humans. In this paper, a novel unsupervised approach is proposed to perform human activity discovery in 3D skeleton sequences. First, important frames are selected based on kinetic energy. Next, the displacement of joints, set of statistical, angles, and orientation features are extracted to represent the activities information. Since not all extracted features have useful information, the dimension of features is reduced using PCA. Most human activity discovery proposed are not fully unsupervised. They use pre-segmented videos before categorizing activities. To deal with this, we used the fragmented sliding time window method to segment the time series of activities with some overlapping. Then, activities are discovered by a novel hybrid particle swarm optimization with a Gaussian mutation algorithm to avoid getting stuck in the local optimum. Finally, k-means is applied to the outcome centroids to overcome the slow rate of PSO. Experiments on three datasets have been presented and the results show the proposed method has superior performance in discovering activities in all evaluation parameters compared to the other state-of-the-art methods and has increased accuracy of at least 4 % on average. The code is available here: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/parhamhadikhani/Human-Activity-Discovery-HPGMK" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 10.Unsupervised Temporal Video Grounding with Deep Semantic Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05307.pdf)
>  Temporal video grounding (TVG) aims to localize a target segment in a video according to a given sentence query. Though respectable works have made decent achievements in this task, they severely rely on abundant video-query paired data, which is expensive and time-consuming to collect in real-world scenarios. In this paper, we explore whether a video grounding model can be learned without any paired annotations. To the best of our knowledge, this paper is the first work trying to address TVG in an unsupervised setting. Considering there is no paired supervision, we propose a novel Deep Semantic Clustering Network (DSCNet) to leverage all semantic information from the whole query set to compose the possible activity in each video for grounding. Specifically, we first develop a language semantic mining module, which extracts implicit semantic features from the whole query set. Then, these language semantic features serve as the guidance to compose the activity in video via a video-based semantic aggregation module. Finally, we utilize a foreground attention branch to filter out the redundant background activities and refine the grounding results. To validate the effectiveness of our DSCNet, we conduct experiments on both ActivityNet Captions and Charades-STA datasets. The results demonstrate that DSCNet achieves competitive performance, and even outperforms most weakly-supervised approaches.      
### 11.A Thousand Words Are Worth More Than a Picture: Natural Language-Centric Outside-Knowledge Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05299.pdf)
>  Outside-knowledge visual question answering (OK-VQA) requires the agent to comprehend the image, make use of relevant knowledge from the entire web, and digest all the information to answer the question. Most previous works address the problem by first fusing the image and question in the multi-modal space, which is inflexible for further fusion with a vast amount of external knowledge. In this paper, we call for a paradigm shift for the OK-VQA task, which transforms the image into plain text, so that we can enable knowledge passage retrieval, and generative question-answering in the natural language space. This paradigm takes advantage of the sheer volume of gigantic knowledge bases and the richness of pre-trained language models. A Transform-Retrieve-Generate framework (TRiG) framework is proposed, which can be plug-and-played with alternative image-to-text models and textual knowledge bases. Experimental results show that our TRiG framework outperforms all state-of-the-art supervised methods by at least 11.1% absolute margin.      
### 12.MMNet: Muscle motion-guided network for micro-expression recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05297.pdf)
>  Facial micro-expressions (MEs) are involuntary facial motions revealing peoples real feelings and play an important role in the early intervention of mental illness, the national security, and many human-computer interaction systems. However, existing micro-expression datasets are limited and usually pose some challenges for training good classifiers. To model the subtle facial muscle motions, we propose a robust micro-expression recognition (MER) framework, namely muscle motion-guided network (MMNet). Specifically, a continuous attention (CA) block is introduced to focus on modeling local subtle muscle motion patterns with little identity information, which is different from most previous methods that directly extract features from complete video frames with much identity information. Besides, we design a position calibration (PC) module based on the vision transformer. By adding the position embeddings of the face generated by PC module at the end of the two branches, the PC module can help to add position information to facial muscle motion pattern features for the MER. Extensive experiments on three public micro-expression datasets demonstrate that our approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods by a large margin.      
### 13.Argus++: Robust Real-time Activity Detection for Unconstrained Video Streams with Overlapping Cube Proposals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05290.pdf)
>  Activity detection is one of the attractive computer vision tasks to exploit the video streams captured by widely installed cameras. Although achieving impressive performance, conventional activity detection algorithms are usually designed under certain constraints, such as using trimmed and/or object-centered video clips as inputs. Therefore, they failed to deal with the multi-scale multi-instance cases in real-world unconstrained video streams, which are untrimmed and have large field-of-views. Real-time requirements for streaming analysis also mark brute force expansion of them unfeasible. <br>To overcome these issues, we propose Argus++, a robust real-time activity detection system for analyzing unconstrained video streams. The design of Argus++ introduces overlapping spatio-temporal cubes as an intermediate concept of activity proposals to ensure coverage and completeness of activity detection through over-sampling. The overall system is optimized for real-time processing on standalone consumer-level hardware. Extensive experiments on different surveillance and driving scenarios demonstrated its superior performance in a series of activity detection benchmarks, including CVPR ActivityNet ActEV 2021, NIST ActEV SDL UF/KF, TRECVID ActEV 2020/2021, and ICCV ROAD 2021.      
### 14.Boundary-aware Self-supervised Learning for Video Scene Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05277.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning has drawn attention through its effectiveness in learning in-domain representations with no ground-truth annotations; in particular, it is shown that properly designed pretext tasks (e.g., contrastive prediction task) bring significant performance gains for downstream tasks (e.g., classification task). Inspired from this, we tackle video scene segmentation, which is a task of temporally localizing scene boundaries in a video, with a self-supervised learning framework where we mainly focus on designing effective pretext tasks. In our framework, we discover a pseudo-boundary from a sequence of shots by splitting it into two continuous, non-overlapping sub-sequences and leverage the pseudo-boundary to facilitate the pre-training. Based on this, we introduce three novel boundary-aware pretext tasks: 1) Shot-Scene Matching (SSM), 2) Contextual Group Matching (CGM) and 3) Pseudo-boundary Prediction (PP); SSM and CGM guide the model to maximize intra-scene similarity and inter-scene discrimination while PP encourages the model to identify transitional moments. Through comprehensive analysis, we empirically show that pre-training and transferring contextual representation are both critical to improving the video scene segmentation performance. Lastly, we achieve the new state-of-the-art on the MovieNet-SSeg benchmark. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kakaobrain/bassl" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.Deep Leaning-Based Ultra-Fast Stair Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05275.pdf)
>  Staircases are some of the most common building structures in urban environments. Stair detection is an important task for various applications, including the environmental perception of exoskeleton robots, humanoid robots, and rescue robots and the navigation of visually impaired people. Most existing stair detection algorithms have difficulty dealing with the diversity of stair structure materials, extreme light and serious occlusion. Inspired by human perception, we propose an end-to-end method based on deep learning. Specifically, we treat the process of stair line detection as a multitask involving coarse-grained semantic segmentation and object detection. The input images are divided into cells, and a simple neural network is used to judge whether each cell contains stair lines. For cells containing stair lines, the locations of the stair lines relative to each cell are regressed. Extensive experiments on our dataset show that our method can achieve high performance in terms of both speed and accuracy. A lightweight version can even achieve 300+ frames per second with the same resolution. Our code is available at GitHub.      
### 16.When less is more: Simplifying inputs aids neural network understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05610.pdf)
>  How do neural network image classifiers respond to simpler and simpler inputs? And what do such responses reveal about the learning process? To answer these questions, we need a clear measure of input simplicity (or inversely, complexity), an optimization objective that correlates with simplification, and a framework to incorporate such objective into training and inference. Lastly we need a variety of testbeds to experiment and evaluate the impact of such simplification on learning. In this work, we measure simplicity with the encoding bit size given by a pretrained generative model, and minimize the bit size to simplify inputs in training and inference. We investigate the effect of such simplification in several scenarios: conventional training, dataset condensation and post-hoc explanations. In all settings, inputs are simplified along with the original classification task, and we investigate the trade-off between input simplicity and task performance. For images with injected distractors, such simplification naturally removes superfluous information. For dataset condensation, we find that inputs can be simplified with almost no accuracy degradation. When used in post-hoc explanation, our learning-based simplification approach offers a valuable new tool to explore the basis of network decisions.      
### 17.A New Deep Hybrid Boosted and Ensemble Learning-based Brain Tumor Analysis using MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05373.pdf)
>  Brain tumors analysis is important in timely diagnosis and effective treatment to cure patients. Tumor analysis is challenging because of tumor morphology like size, location, texture, and heteromorphic appearance in the medical images. In this regard, a novel two-phase deep learning-based framework is proposed to detect and categorize brain tumors in magnetic resonance images (MRIs). In the first phase, a novel deep boosted features and ensemble classifiers (DBF-EC) scheme is proposed to detect tumor MRI images from healthy individuals effectively. The deep boosted feature space is achieved through the customized and well-performing deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs), and consequently, fed into the ensemble of machine learning (ML) classifiers. While in the second phase, a new hybrid features fusion-based brain tumor classification approach is proposed, comprised of dynamic-static feature and ML classifier to categorize different tumor types. The dynamic features are extracted from the proposed BRAIN-RENet CNN, which carefully learns heteromorphic and inconsistent behavior of various tumors, while the static features are extracted using HOG. The effectiveness of the proposed two-phase brain tumor analysis framework is validated on two standard benchmark datasets; collected from Kaggle and Figshare containing different types of tumor, including glioma, meningioma, pituitary, and normal images. Experimental results proved that the proposed DBF-EC detection scheme outperforms and achieved accuracy (99.56%), precision (0.9991), recall (0.9899), F1-Score (0.9945), MCC (0.9892), and AUC-PR (0.9990). While the classification scheme, the joint employment of the deep features fusion of proposed BRAIN-RENet and HOG features improves performance significantly in terms of recall (0.9913), precision (0.9906), F1-Score (0.9909), and accuracy (99.20%) on diverse datasets.      
### 18.AWSnet: An Auto-weighted Supervision Attention Network for Myocardial Scar and Edema Segmentation in Multi-sequence Cardiac Magnetic Resonance Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05344.pdf)
>  Multi-sequence cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) provides essential pathology information (scar and edema) to diagnose myocardial infarction. However, automatic pathology segmentation can be challenging due to the difficulty of effectively exploring the underlying information from the multi-sequence CMR data. This paper aims to tackle the scar and edema segmentation from multi-sequence CMR with a novel auto-weighted supervision framework, where the interactions among different supervised layers are explored under a task-specific objective using reinforcement learning. Furthermore, we design a coarse-to-fine framework to boost the small myocardial pathology region segmentation with shape prior knowledge. The coarse segmentation model identifies the left ventricle myocardial structure as a shape prior, while the fine segmentation model integrates a pixel-wise attention strategy with an auto-weighted supervision model to learn and extract salient pathological structures from the multi-sequence CMR data. Extensive experimental results on a publicly available dataset from Myocardial pathology segmentation combining multi-sequence CMR (MyoPS 2020) demonstrate our method can achieve promising performance compared with other state-of-the-art methods. Our method is promising in advancing the myocardial pathology assessment on multi-sequence CMR data. To motivate the community, we have made our code publicly available via <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/soleilssss/AWSnet/tree/master" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Semi-automated Virtual Unfolded View Generation Method of Stomach from CT Volumes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05331.pdf)
>  CT image-based diagnosis of the stomach is developed as a new way of diagnostic method. A virtual unfolded (VU) view is suitable for displaying its wall. In this paper, we propose a semi-automated method for generating VU views of the stomach. Our method requires minimum manual operations. The determination of the unfolding forces and the termination of the unfolding process are automated. The unfolded shape of the stomach is estimated based on its radius. The unfolding forces are determined so that the stomach wall is deformed to the expected shape. The iterative deformation process is terminated if the difference of the shapes between the deformed shape and expected shape is small. Our experiments using 67 CT volumes showed that our proposed method can generate good VU views for 76.1% cases.      
### 20.Manifoldron: Direct Space Partition via Manifold Discovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05279.pdf)
>  A neural network with the widely-used ReLU activation has been shown to partition the sample space into many convex polytopes for prediction. However, the parameterized way a neural network and other machine learning models use to partition the space has imperfections, e.g., the compromised interpretability for complex models, the inflexibility in decision boundary construction due to the generic character of the model, and the risk of being trapped into shortcut solutions. In contrast, although the non-parameterized models can adorably avoid or downplay these issues, they are usually insufficiently powerful either due to over-simplification or the failure to accommodate the manifold structures of data. In this context, we first propose a new type of machine learning models referred to as Manifoldron that directly derives decision boundaries from data and partitions the space via manifold structure discovery. Then, we systematically analyze the key characteristics of the Manifoldron including interpretability, manifold characterization capability, and its link to neural networks. The experimental results on 9 small and 11 large datasets demonstrate that the proposed Manifoldron performs competitively compared to the mainstream machine learning models. We have shared our code <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wdayang/Manifoldron" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> for free download and evaluation.      
### 21.Density Estimation from Schlieren Images through Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05233.pdf)
>  This study proposes a radically alternate approach for extracting quantitative information from schlieren images. The method uses a scaled, derivative enhanced Gaussian process model to obtain true density estimates from two corresponding schlieren images with the knife-edge at horizontal and vertical orientations. We illustrate our approach on schlieren images taken from a wind tunnel sting model, and a supersonic aircraft in flight.      
### 22.Learning Enhancement of CNNs via Separation Index Maximizing at the First Convolutional Layer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05217.pdf)
>  In this paper, a straightforward enhancement learning algorithm based on Separation Index (SI) concept is proposed for Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). At first, the SI as a supervised complexity measure is explained its usage in better learning of CNNs for classification problems illustrate. Then, a learning strategy proposes through which the first layer of a CNN is optimized by maximizing the SI, and the further layers are trained through the backpropagation algorithm to learn further layers. In order to maximize the SI at the first layer, A variant of ranking loss is optimized by using the quasi least square error technique. Applying such a learning strategy to some known CNNs and datasets, its enhancement impact in almost all cases is demonstrated.      
