# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 18 Jan 2021
### 1.Blind Image Deblurring based on Kernel Mixture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06241.pdf)
>  Blind Image deblurring tries to estimate blurriness and a latent image out of a blurred image. This estimation, as being an ill-posed problem, requires imposing restrictions on the latent image or a blur kernel that represents blurriness. Different from recent studies that impose some priors on the latent image, this paper regulates the structure of the blur kernel. We propose a kernel mixture structure while using the Gaussian kernel as a base kernel. By combining multiple Gaussian kernels structurally enhanced in terms of scales and centers, the kernel mixture becomes capable of modeling nearly non-parametric shape of blurriness. A data-driven decision for the number of base kernels to combine makes the structure even more flexible. We apply this approach to a remote sensing problem to recover images from blurry images of satellite. This case study shows the superiority of the proposed method regulating the blur kernel in comparison with state-of-the-art methods that regulates the latent image.      
### 2.Multi-point dimensionality reduction to improve projection layout reliability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06224.pdf)
>  In ordinary Dimensionality Reduction (DR), each data instance in an m-dimensional space (original space) is mapped to one point in a d-dimensional space (visual space), preserving as much as possible distance and/or neighborhood relationships. Despite their popularity, even for simple datasets, the existing DR techniques unavoidably may produce misleading visual representations. The problem is not with the existing solutions but with problem formulation. For two dimensional visual space, if data instances are not co-planar or do not lie on a 2D manifold, there is no solution for the problem, and the possible approximations usually result in layouts with inaccuracies in the distance preservation and overlapped neighborhoods. In this paper, we elaborate on the concept of Multi-point Dimensionality Reduction where each data instance can be mapped to possibly more than one point in the visual space by providing the first general solution to it as a step toward mitigating this issue. By duplicating points, background information is added to the visual representation making local neighborhoods in the visual space more faithful to the original space. Our solution, named Red Gray Plus, is built upon and extends a combination of ordinary DR and graph drawing techniques. We show that not only Multi-point Dimensionality Reduction can be one of the potential directions to improve DR layouts' reliability but also that our initial solution to the problem outperforms popular ordinary DR methods quantitatively.      
### 3.APEX-Net: Automatic Plot Extractor Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06217.pdf)
>  Automatic extraction of raw data from 2D line plot images is a problem of great importance having many real-world applications. Several algorithms have been proposed for solving this problem. However, these algorithms involve a significant amount of human intervention. To minimize this intervention, we propose APEX-Net, a deep learning based framework with novel loss functions for solving the plot extraction problem. We introduce APEX-1M, a new large scale dataset which contains both the plot images and the raw data. We demonstrate the performance of APEX-Net on the APEX-1M test set and show that it obtains impressive accuracy. We also show visual results of our network on unseen plot images and demonstrate that it extracts the shape of the plots to a great extent. Finally, we develop a GUI based software for plot extraction that can benefit the community at large. The dataset and code will be made publicly available.      
### 4.Temporal-Relational CrossTransformers for Few-Shot Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06184.pdf)
>  We propose a novel approach to few-shot action recognition, finding temporally-corresponding frame tuples between the query and videos in the support set. Distinct from previous few-shot action recognition works, we construct class prototypes using the CrossTransformer attention mechanism to observe relevant sub-sequences of all support videos, rather than using class averages or single best matches. Video representations are formed from ordered tuples of varying numbers of frames, which allows sub-sequences of actions at different speeds and temporal offsets to be compared. <br>Our proposed Temporal-Relational CrossTransformers achieve state-of-the-art results on both Kinetics and Something-Something V2 (SSv2), outperforming prior work on SSv2 by a wide margin (6.8%) due to the method's ability to model temporal relations. A detailed ablation showcases the importance of matching to multiple support set videos and learning higher-order relational CrossTransformers. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tobyperrett/trx" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 5.PaddleSeg: A High-Efficient Development Toolkit for Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06175.pdf)
>  Image Segmentation plays an essential role in computer vision and image processing with various applications from medical diagnosis to autonomous car driving. A lot of segmentation algorithms have been proposed for addressing specific problems. In recent years, the success of deep learning techniques has tremendously influenced a wide range of computer vision areas, and the modern approaches of image segmentation based on deep learning are becoming prevalent. In this article, we introduce a high-efficient development toolkit for image segmentation, named PaddleSeg. The toolkit aims to help both developers and researchers in the whole process of designing segmentation models, training models, optimizing performance and inference speed, and deploying models. Currently, PaddleSeg supports around 20 popular segmentation models and more than 50 pre-trained models from real-time and high-accuracy levels. With modular components and backbone networks, users can easily build over one hundred models for different requirements. Furthermore, we provide comprehensive benchmarks and evaluations to show that these segmentation algorithms trained on our toolkit have more competitive accuracy. Also, we provide various real industrial applications and practical cases based on PaddleSeg. All codes and examples of PaddleSeg are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleSeg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 6.Vision-based Vehicle Speed Estimation for ITS: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06159.pdf)
>  The need to accurately estimate the speed of road vehicles is becoming increasingly important for at least two main reasons. First, the number of speed cameras installed worldwide has been growing in recent years, as the introduction and enforcement of appropriate speed limits is considered one of the most effective means to increase the road safety. Second, traffic monitoring and forecasting in road networks plays a fundamental role to enhance traffic, emissions and energy consumption in smart cities, being the speed of the vehicles one of the most relevant parameters of the traffic state. Among the technologies available for the accurate detection of vehicle speed, the use of vision-based systems brings great challenges to be solved, but also great potential advantages, such as the drastic reduction of costs due to the absence of expensive range sensors, and the possibility of identifying vehicles accurately. This paper provides a review of vision-based vehicle speed estimation. We describe the terminology, the application domains, and propose a complete taxonomy of a large selection of works that categorizes all stages involved. An overview of performance evaluation metrics and available datasets is provided. Finally, we discuss current limitations and future directions.      
### 7.Black-box Adversarial Attacks in Autonomous Vehicle Technology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06092.pdf)
>  Despite the high quality performance of the deep neural network in real-world applications, they are susceptible to minor perturbations of adversarial attacks. This is mostly undetectable to human vision. The impact of such attacks has become extremely detrimental in autonomous vehicles with real-time "safety" concerns. The black-box adversarial attacks cause drastic misclassification in critical scene elements such as road signs and traffic lights leading the autonomous vehicle to crash into other vehicles or pedestrians. In this paper, we propose a novel query-based attack method called Modified Simple black-box attack (M-SimBA) to overcome the use of a white-box source in transfer based attack method. Also, the issue of late convergence in a Simple black-box attack (SimBA) is addressed by minimizing the loss of the most confused class which is the incorrect class predicted by the model with the highest probability, instead of trying to maximize the loss of the correct class. We evaluate the performance of the proposed approach to the German Traffic Sign Recognition Benchmark (GTSRB) dataset. We show that the proposed model outperforms the existing models like Transfer-based projected gradient descent (T-PGD), SimBA in terms of convergence time, flattening the distribution of confused class probability, and producing adversarial samples with least confidence on the true class.      
### 8.Deep Dual-resolution Networks for Real-time and Accurate Semantic Segmentation of Road Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06085.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation is a critical technology for autonomous vehicles to understand surrounding scenes. For practical autonomous vehicles, it is undesirable to spend a considerable amount of inference time to achieve high-accuracy segmentation results. Using light-weight architectures (encoder-decoder or two-pathway) or reasoning on low-resolution images, recent methods realize very fast scene parsing which even run at more than 100 FPS on single 1080Ti GPU. However, there are still evident gaps in performance between these real-time methods and models based on dilation backbones. To tackle this problem, we propose novel deep dual-resolution networks (DDRNets) for real-time semantic segmentation of road scenes. Besides, we design a new contextual information extractor named Deep Aggregation Pyramid Pooling Module (DAPPM) to enlarge effective receptive fields and fuse multi-scale context. Our method achieves new state-of-the-art trade-off between accuracy and speed on both Cityscapes and CamVid dataset. Specially, on single 2080Ti GPU, DDRNet-23-slim yields 77.4% mIoU at 109 FPS on Cityscapes test set and 74.4% mIoU at 230 FPS on CamVid test set. Without utilizing attention mechanism, pre-training on larger semantic segmentation dataset or inference acceleration, DDRNet-39 attains 80.4% test mIoU at 23 FPS on Cityscapes. With widely used test augmentation, our method is still superior to most state-of-the-art models, requiring much less computation. Codes and trained models will be made publicly available.      
### 9.Dynamic Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06073.pdf)
>  Batch Normalization has become one of the essential components in CNN. It allows the network to use a higher learning rate and speed up training. And the network doesn't need to be initialized carefully. However, in our work, we find that a simple extension of BN can increase the performance of the network. First, we extend BN to adaptively generate scale and shift parameters for each mini-batch data, called DN-C (Batch-shared and Channel-wise). We use the statistical characteristics of mini-batch data ($E[X], Std[X]\in\mathbb{R}^{c}$) as the input of SC module. Then we extend BN to adaptively generate scale and shift parameters for each channel of each sample, called DN-B (Batch and Channel-wise). Our experiments show that DN-C model can't train normally, but DN-B model has very good robustness. In classification task, DN-B can improve the accuracy of the MobileNetV2 on ImageNet-100 more than 2% with only 0.6% additional Mult-Adds. In detection task, DN-B can improve the accuracy of the SSDLite on MS-COCO nearly 4% mAP with the same settings. Compared with BN, DN-B has stable performance when using higher learning rate or smaller batch size.      
### 10.Video Summarization Using Deep Neural Networks: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06072.pdf)
>  Video summarization technologies aim to create a concise and complete synopsis by selecting the most informative parts of the video content. Several approaches have been developed over the last couple of decades and the current state of the art is represented by methods that rely on modern deep neural network architectures. This work focuses on the recent advances in the area and provides a comprehensive survey of the existing deep-learning-based methods for generic video summarization. After presenting the motivation behind the development of technologies for video summarization, we formulate the video summarization task and discuss the main characteristics of a typical deep-learning-based analysis pipeline. Then, we suggest a taxonomy of the existing algorithms and provide a systematic review of the relevant literature that shows the evolution of the deep-learning-based video summarization technologies and leads to suggestions for future developments. We then report on protocols for the objective evaluation of video summarization algorithms and we compare the performance of several deep-learning-based approaches. Based on the outcomes of these comparisons, as well as some documented considerations about the suitability of evaluation protocols, we indicate potential future research directions.      
### 11.Data Impressions: Mining Deep Models to Extract Samples for Data-free Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06069.pdf)
>  Pretrained deep models hold their learnt knowledge in the form of the model parameters. These parameters act as memory for the trained models and help them generalize well on unseen data. However, in absence of training data, the utility of a trained model is merely limited to either inference or better initialization towards a target task. In this paper, we go further and extract synthetic data by leveraging the learnt model parameters. We dub them "Data Impressions", which act as proxy to the training data and can be used to realize a variety of tasks. These are useful in scenarios where only the pretrained models are available and the training data is not shared (e.g., due to privacy or sensitivity concerns). We show the applicability of data impressions in solving several computer vision tasks such as unsupervised domain adaptation, continual learning as well as knowledge distillation. We also study the adversarial robustness of the lightweight models trained via knowledge distillation using these data impressions. Further, we demonstrate the efficacy of data impressions in generating UAPs with better fooling rates. Extensive experiments performed on several benchmark datasets demonstrate competitive performance achieved using data impressions in absence of the original training data.      
### 12.Towards a Computed-Aided Diagnosis System in Colonoscopy: Automatic Polyp Segmentation Using Convolution Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06040.pdf)
>  Early diagnosis is essential for the successful treatment of bowel cancers including colorectal cancer (CRC) and capsule endoscopic imaging with robotic actuation can be a valuable diagnostic tool when combined with automated image analysis. We present a deep learning rooted detection and segmentation framework for recognizing lesions in colonoscopy and capsule endoscopy images. We restructure established convolution architectures, such as VGG and ResNets, by converting them into fully-connected convolution networks (FCNs), fine-tune them and study their capabilities for polyp segmentation and detection. We additionally use Shape from-Shading (SfS) to recover depth and provide a richer representation of the tissue's structure in colonoscopy images. Depth is incorporated into our network models as an additional input channel to the RGB information and we demonstrate that the resulting network yields improved performance. Our networks are tested on publicly available datasets and the most accurate segmentation model achieved a mean segmentation IU of 47.78% and 56.95% on the ETIS-Larib and CVC-Colon datasets, respectively. For polyp detection, the top performing models we propose surpass the current state of the art with detection recalls superior to 90% for all datasets tested. To our knowledge, we present the first work to use FCNs for polyp segmentation in addition to proposing a novel combination of SfS and RGB that boosts performance      
### 13.Motion-Based Handwriting Recognition and Word Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06025.pdf)
>  In this project, we leverage a trained single-letter classifier to predict the written word from a continuously written word sequence, by designing a word reconstruction pipeline consisting of a dynamic-programming algorithm and an auto-correction model. We conduct experiments to optimize models in this pipeline, then employ domain adaptation to explore using this pipeline on unseen data distributions.      
### 14.Motion-Based Handwriting Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06022.pdf)
>  We attempt to overcome the restriction of requiring a writing surface for handwriting recognition. In this study, we design a prototype of a stylus equipped with motion sensor, and utilizes gyroscopic and acceleration sensor reading to perform written letter classification using various deep learning techniques such as CNN and RNNs. We also explore various data augmentation techniques and their effects, reaching up to 86% accuracy.      
### 15.Non-uniform Motion Deblurring with Blurry Component Divided Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06021.pdf)
>  Blind image deblurring is a fundamental and challenging computer vision problem, which aims to recover both the blur kernel and the latent sharp image from only a blurry observation. Despite the superiority of deep learning methods in image deblurring have displayed, there still exists major challenge with various non-uniform motion blur. Previous methods simply take all the image features as the input to the decoder, which handles different degrees (e.g. large blur, small blur) simultaneously, leading to challenges for sharp image generation. To tackle the above problems, we present a deep two-branch network to deal with blurry images via a component divided module, which divides an image into two components based on the representation of blurry degree. Specifically, two component attentive blocks are employed to learn attention maps to exploit useful deblurring feature representations on both large and small blurry regions. Then, the blur-aware features are fed into two-branch reconstruction decoders respectively. In addition, a new feature fusion mechanism, orientation-based feature fusion, is proposed to merge sharp features of the two branches. Both qualitative and quantitative experimental results show that our method performs favorably against the state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 16.Reasoning over Vision and Language: Exploring the Benefits of Supplemental Knowledge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06013.pdf)
>  The limits of applicability of vision-and-language models are defined by the coverage of their training data. Tasks like vision question answering (VQA) often require commonsense and factual information beyond what can be learned from task-specific datasets. This paper investigates the injection of knowledge from general-purpose knowledge bases (KBs) into vision-and-language transformers. We use an auxiliary training objective that encourages the learned representations to align with graph embeddings of matching entities in a KB. We empirically study the relevance of various KBs to multiple tasks and benchmarks. The technique brings clear benefits to knowledge-demanding question answering tasks (OK-VQA, FVQA) by capturing semantic and relational knowledge absent from existing models. More surprisingly, the technique also benefits visual reasoning tasks (NLVR2, SNLI-VE). We perform probing experiments and show that the injection of additional knowledge regularizes the space of embeddings, which improves the representation of lexical and semantic similarities. The technique is model-agnostic and can expand the applicability of any vision-and-language transformer with minimal computational overhead.      
### 17.Convolutional Neural Network with Pruning Method for Handwritten Digit Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05996.pdf)
>  CNN model is a popular method for imagery analysis, so it could be utilized to recognize handwritten digits based on MNIST datasets. For higher recognition accuracy, various CNN models with different fully connected layer sizes are exploited to figure out the relationship between the CNN fully connected layer size and the recognition accuracy. Inspired by previous pruning work, we performed pruning methods of distinctiveness on CNN models and compared the pruning performance with NN models. For better pruning performances on CNN, the effect of angle threshold on the pruning performance was explored. The evaluation results show that: for the fully connected layer size, there is a threshold, so that when the layer size increases, the recognition accuracy grows if the layer size smaller than the threshold, and falls if the layer size larger than the threshold; the performance of pruning performed on CNN is worse than on NN; as pruning angle threshold increases, the fully connected layer size and the recognition accuracy decreases. This paper also shows that for CNN models trained by the MNIST dataset, they are capable of handwritten digit recognition and achieve the highest recognition accuracy with fully connected layer size 400. In addition, for same dataset MNIST, CNN models work better than big, deep, simple NN models in a published paper.      
### 18.Accurate and Robust Scale Recovery for Monocular Visual Odometry Based on Plane Geometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05995.pdf)
>  Scale ambiguity is a fundamental problem in monocular visual odometry. Typical solutions include loop closure detection and environment information mining. For applications like self-driving cars, loop closure is not always available, hence mining prior knowledge from the environment becomes a more promising approach. In this paper, with the assumption of a constant height of the camera above the ground, we develop a light-weight scale recovery framework leveraging an accurate and robust estimation of the ground plane. The framework includes a ground point extraction algorithm for selecting high-quality points on the ground plane, and a ground point aggregation algorithm for joining the extracted ground points in a local sliding window. Based on the aggregated data, the scale is finally recovered by solving a least-squares problem using a RANSAC-based optimizer. Sufficient data and robust optimizer enable a highly accurate scale recovery. Experiments on the KITTI dataset show that the proposed framework can achieve state-of-the-art accuracy in terms of translation errors, while maintaining competitive performance on the rotation error. Due to the light-weight design, our framework also demonstrates a high frequency of 20Hz on the dataset.      
### 19.Recent Advances in Video Question Answering: A Review of Datasets and Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05954.pdf)
>  Video Question Answering (VQA) is a recent emerging challenging task in the field of Computer Vision. Several visual information retrieval techniques like Video Captioning/Description and Video-guided Machine Translation have preceded the task of VQA. VQA helps to retrieve temporal and spatial information from the video scenes and interpret it. In this survey, we review a number of methods and datasets for the task of VQA. To the best of our knowledge, no previous survey has been conducted for the VQA task.      
### 20.Image Enhancement using Fuzzy Intensity Measure and Adaptive Clipping Histogram Equalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05922.pdf)
>  Image enhancement aims at processing an input image so that the visual content of the output image is more pleasing or more useful for certain applications. Although histogram equalization is widely used in image enhancement due to its simplicity and effectiveness, it changes the mean brightness of the enhanced image and introduces a high level of noise and distortion. To address these problems, this paper proposes image enhancement using fuzzy intensity measure and adaptive clipping histogram equalization (FIMHE). FIMHE uses fuzzy intensity measure to first segment the histogram of the original image, and then clip the histogram adaptively in order to prevent excessive image enhancement. Experiments on the Berkeley database and CVF-UGR-Image database show that FIMHE outperforms state-of-the-art histogram equalization based methods.      
### 21.Supervised Transfer Learning at Scale for Medical Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05913.pdf)
>  Transfer learning is a standard technique to improve performance on tasks with limited data. However, for medical imaging, the value of transfer learning is less clear. This is likely due to the large domain mismatch between the usual natural-image pre-training (e.g. ImageNet) and medical images. However, recent advances in transfer learning have shown substantial improvements from scale. We investigate whether modern methods can change the fortune of transfer learning for medical imaging. For this, we study the class of large-scale pre-trained networks presented by Kolesnikov et al. on three diverse imaging tasks: chest radiography, mammography, and dermatology. We study both transfer performance and critical properties for the deployment in the medical domain, including: out-of-distribution generalization, data-efficiency, sub-group fairness, and uncertainty estimation. Interestingly, we find that for some of these properties transfer from natural to medical images is indeed extremely effective, but only when performed at sufficient scale.      
### 22.How Shift Equivariance Impacts Metric Learning for Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05846.pdf)
>  Metric learning has received conflicting assessments concerning its suitability for solving instance segmentation tasks. It has been dismissed as theoretically flawed due to the shift equivariance of the employed CNNs and their respective inability to distinguish same-looking objects. Yet it has been shown to yield state of the art results for a variety of tasks, and practical issues have mainly been reported in the context of tile-and-stitch approaches, where discontinuities at tile boundaries have been observed. To date, neither of the reported issues have undergone thorough formal analysis. In our work, we contribute a comprehensive formal analysis of the shift equivariance properties of encoder-decoder-style CNNs, which yields a clear picture of what can and cannot be achieved with metric learning in the face of same-looking objects. In particular, we prove that a standard encoder-decoder network that takes $d$-dimensional images as input, with $l$ pooling layers and pooling factor $f$, has the capacity to distinguish at most $f^{dl}$ same-looking objects, and we show that this upper limit can be reached. Furthermore, we show that to avoid discontinuities in a tile-and-stitch approach, assuming standard batch size 1, it is necessary to employ valid convolutions in combination with a training output window size strictly greater than $f^l$, while at test-time it is necessary to crop tiles to size $n\cdot f^l$ before stitching, with $n\geq 1$. We complement these theoretical findings by discussing a number of insightful special cases for which we show empirical results on synthetic data.      
### 23.Context-Aware Image Denoising with Auto-Threshold Canny Edge Detection to Suppress Adversarial Perturbation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05833.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel context-aware image denoising algorithm that combines an adaptive image smoothing technique and color reduction techniques to remove perturbation from adversarial images. Adaptive image smoothing is achieved using auto-threshold canny edge detection to produce an accurate edge map used to produce a blurred image that preserves more edge features. The proposed algorithm then uses color reduction techniques to reconstruct the image using only a few representative colors. Through this technique, the algorithm can reduce the effects of adversarial perturbations on images. We also discuss experimental data on classification accuracy. Our results showed that the proposed approach reduces adversarial perturbation in adversarial attacks and increases the robustness of the deep convolutional neural network models.      
### 24.Exploration of Visual Features and their weighted-additive fusion for Video Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05806.pdf)
>  Video captioning is a popular task that challenges models to describe events in videos using natural language. In this work, we investigate the ability of various visual feature representations derived from state-of-the-art convolutional neural networks to capture high-level semantic context. We introduce the Weighted Additive Fusion Transformer with Memory Augmented Encoders (WAFTM), a captioning model that incorporates memory in a transformer encoder and uses a novel method, to fuse features, that ensures due importance is given to more significant representations. We illustrate a gain in performance realized by applying Word-Piece Tokenization and a popular REINFORCE algorithm. Finally, we benchmark our model on two datasets and obtain a CIDEr of 92.4 on MSVD and a METEOR of 0.091 on the ActivityNet Captions Dataset.      
### 25.Harmonization and the Worst Scanner Syndrome  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06255.pdf)
>  We show that for a wide class of harmonization/domain-invariance schemes several undesirable properties are unavoidable. If a predictive machine is made invariant to a set of domains, the accuracy of the output predictions (as measured by mutual information) is limited by the domain with the least amount of information to begin with. If a real label value is highly informative about the source domain, it cannot be accurately predicted by an invariant predictor. These results are simple and intuitive, but we believe that it is beneficial to state them for medical imaging harmonization.      
### 26.Task-driven Self-supervised Bi-channel Networks Learning for Diagnosis of Breast Cancers with Mammography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06228.pdf)
>  Deep learning can promote the mammography-based computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) for breast cancers, but it generally suffers from the small size sample problem. In this work, a task-driven self-supervised bi-channel networks (TSBNL) framework is proposed to improve the performance of classification network with limited mammograms. In particular, a new gray-scale image mapping (GSIM) task for image restoration is designed as the pretext task to improve discriminate feature representation with label information of mammograms. The TSBNL then innovatively integrates this image restoration network and the downstream classification network into a unified SSL framework, and transfers the knowledge from the pretext network to the classification network with improved diagnostic accuracy. The proposed algorithm is evaluated on a public INbreast mammogram dataset. The experimental results indicate that it outperforms the conventional SSL algorithms for diagnosis of breast cancers with limited samples.      
### 27.Hybrid Quantum-Classical Graph Convolutional Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06189.pdf)
>  The high energy physics (HEP) community has a long history of dealing with large-scale datasets. To manage such voluminous data, classical machine learning and deep learning techniques have been employed to accelerate physics discovery. Recent advances in quantum machine learning (QML) have indicated the potential of applying these techniques in HEP. However, there are only limited results in QML applications currently available. In particular, the challenge of processing sparse data, common in HEP datasets, has not been extensively studied in QML models. This research provides a hybrid quantum-classical graph convolutional network (QGCNN) for learning HEP data. The proposed framework demonstrates an advantage over classical multilayer perceptron and convolutional neural networks in the aspect of number of parameters. Moreover, in terms of testing accuracy, the QGCNN shows comparable performance to a quantum convolutional neural network on the same HEP dataset while requiring less than $50\%$ of the parameters. Based on numerical simulation results, studying the application of graph convolutional operations and other QML models may prove promising in advancing HEP research and other scientific fields.      
### 28.Learning Invariant Representation for Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06162.pdf)
>  Continual learning aims to provide intelligent agents that are capable of learning continually a sequence of tasks, building on previously learned knowledge. A key challenge in this learning paradigm is catastrophically forgetting previously learned tasks when the agent faces a new one. Current rehearsal-based methods show their success in mitigating the catastrophic forgetting problem by replaying samples from previous tasks during learning a new one. However, these methods are infeasible when the data of previous tasks is not accessible. In this work, we propose a new pseudo-rehearsal-based method, named learning Invariant Representation for Continual Learning (IRCL), in which class-invariant representation is disentangled from a conditional generative model and jointly used with class-specific representation to learn the sequential tasks. Disentangling the shared invariant representation helps to learn continually a sequence of tasks, while being more robust to forgetting and having better knowledge transfer. We focus on class incremental learning where there is no knowledge about task identity during inference. We empirically evaluate our proposed method on two well-known benchmarks for continual learning: split MNIST and split Fashion MNIST. The experimental results show that our proposed method outperforms regularization-based methods by a big margin and is better than the state-of-the-art pseudo-rehearsal-based method. Finally, we analyze the role of the shared invariant representation in mitigating the forgetting problem especially when the number of replayed samples for each previous task is small.      
### 29.Hyperspectral Image Classification -- Traditional to Deep Models: A Survey for Future Prospects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06116.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral Imaging (HSI) has been extensively utilized in many real-life applications because it benefits from the detailed spectral information contained in each pixel. Notably, the complex characteristics i.e., the nonlinear relation among the captured spectral information and the corresponding object of HSI data make accurate classification challenging for traditional methods. In the last few years, deep learning (DL) has been substantiated as a powerful feature extractor that effectively addresses the nonlinear problems that appeared in a number of computer vision tasks. This prompts the deployment of DL for HSI classification (HSIC) which revealed good performance. This survey enlists a systematic overview of DL for HSIC and compared state-of-the-art strategies of the said topic. Primarily, we will encapsulate the main challenges of traditional machine learning for HSIC and then we will acquaint the superiority of DL to address these problems. This survey breakdown the state-of-the-art DL frameworks into spectral-features, spatial-features, and together spatial-spectral features to systematically analyze the achievements (future directions as well) of these frameworks for HSIC. Moreover, we will consider the fact that DL requires a large number of labeled training examples whereas acquiring such a number for HSIC is challenging in terms of time and cost. Therefore, this survey discusses some strategies to improve the generalization performance of DL strategies which can provide some future guidelines.      
### 30.Counterfactual Generative Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06046.pdf)
>  Neural networks are prone to learning shortcuts -- they often model simple correlations, ignoring more complex ones that potentially generalize better. Prior works on image classification show that instead of learning a connection to object shape, deep classifiers tend to exploit spurious correlations with low-level texture or the background for solving the classification task. In this work, we take a step towards more robust and interpretable classifiers that explicitly expose the task's causal structure. Building on current advances in deep generative modeling, we propose to decompose the image generation process into independent causal mechanisms that we train without direct supervision. By exploiting appropriate inductive biases, these mechanisms disentangle object shape, object texture, and background; hence, they allow for generating counterfactual images. We demonstrate the ability of our model to generate such images on MNIST and ImageNet. Further, we show that the counterfactual images can improve out-of-distribution robustness with a marginal drop in performance on the original classification task, despite being synthetic. Lastly, our generative model can be trained efficiently on a single GPU, exploiting common pre-trained models as inductive biases.      
### 31.Neural Network-derived perfusion maps: a Model-free approach to computed tomography perfusion in patients with acute ischemic stroke  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05992.pdf)
>  Purpose: In this study we investigate whether a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) can generate clinically relevant parametric maps from CT perfusion data in a clinical setting of patients with acute ischemic stroke. Methods: Training of the CNN was done on a subset of 100 perfusion data, while 15 samples were used as validation. All the data used for the training/validation of the network and to generate ground truth (GT) maps, using a state-of-the-art deconvolution-algorithm, were previously pre-processed using a standard pipeline. Validation was carried out through manual segmentation of infarct core and penumbra on both CNN-derived maps and GT maps. Concordance among segmented lesions was assessed using the Dice and the Pearson correlation coefficients across lesion volumes. Results: Mean Dice scores from two different raters and the GT maps were &gt; 0.70 (good-matching). Inter-rater concordance was also high and strong correlation was found between lesion volumes of CNN maps and GT maps (0.99, 0.98). Conclusion: Our CNN-based approach generated clinically relevant perfusion maps that are comparable to state-of-the-art perfusion analysis methods based on deconvolution of the data. Moreover, the proposed technique requires less information to estimate the ischemic core and thus might allow the development of novel perfusion protocols with lower radiation dose.      
### 32.Instance-Aware Predictive Navigation in Multi-Agent Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05893.pdf)
>  In this work, we aim to achieve efficient end-to-end learning of driving policies in dynamic multi-agent environments. Predicting and anticipating future events at the object level are critical for making informed driving decisions. We propose an Instance-Aware Predictive Control (IPC) approach, which forecasts interactions between agents as well as future scene structures. We adopt a novel multi-instance event prediction module to estimate the possible interaction among agents in the ego-centric view, conditioned on the selected action sequence of the ego-vehicle. To decide the action at each step, we seek the action sequence that can lead to safe future states based on the prediction module outputs by repeatedly sampling likely action sequences. We design a sequential action sampling strategy to better leverage predicted states on both scene-level and instance-level. Our method establishes a new state of the art in the challenging CARLA multi-agent driving simulation environments without expert demonstration, giving better explainability and sample efficiency.      
