# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 15 Jan 2021
### 1.DeFlow: Learning Complex Image Degradations from Unpaired Data with Conditional Flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05796.pdf)
>  The difficulty of obtaining paired data remains a major bottleneck for learning image restoration and enhancement models for real-world applications. Current strategies aim to synthesize realistic training data by modeling noise and degradations that appear in real-world settings. We propose DeFlow, a method for learning stochastic image degradations from unpaired data. Our approach is based on a novel unpaired learning formulation for conditional normalizing flows. We model the degradation process in the latent space of a shared flow encoder-decoder network. This allows us to learn the conditional distribution of a noisy image given the clean input by solely minimizing the negative log-likelihood of the marginal distributions. We validate our DeFlow formulation on the task of joint image restoration and super-resolution. The models trained with the synthetic data generated by DeFlow outperform previous learnable approaches on all three datasets.      
### 2.U-Noise: Learnable Noise Masks for Interpretable Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05791.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are widely used for decision making in a myriad of critical applications, ranging from medical to societal and even judicial. Given the importance of these decisions, it is crucial for us to be able to interpret these models. We introduce a new method for interpreting image segmentation models by learning regions of images in which noise can be applied without hindering downstream model performance. We apply this method to segmentation of the pancreas in CT scans, and qualitatively compare the quality of the method to existing explainability techniques, such as Grad-CAM and occlusion sensitivity. Additionally we show that, unlike other methods, our interpretability model can be quantitatively evaluated based on the downstream performance over obscured images.      
### 3.Stereo camera system calibration: the need of two sets of parameters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05725.pdf)
>  The reconstruction of a scene via a stereo-camera system is a two-steps process, where at first images from different cameras are matched to identify the set of point-to-point correspondences that then will actually be reconstructed in the three dimensional real world. The performance of the system strongly relies of the calibration procedure, which has to be carefully designed to guarantee optimal results. We implemented three different calibration methods and we compared their performance over 19 datasets. We present the experimental evidence that, due to the image noise, a single set of parameters is not sufficient to achieve high accuracy in the identification of the correspondences and in the 3D reconstruction at the same time. We propose to calibrate the system twice to estimate two different sets of parameters: the one obtained by minimizing the reprojection error that will be used when dealing with quantities defined in the 2D space of the cameras, and the one obtained by minimizing the reconstruction error that will be used when dealing with quantities defined in the real 3D world.      
### 4.Towards Accurate Camouflaged Object Detection with Mixture Convolution and Interactive Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05687.pdf)
>  Camouflaged object detection (COD), which aims to identify the objects that conceal themselves into the surroundings, has recently drawn increasing research efforts in the field of computer vision. In practice, the success of deep learning based COD is mainly determined by two key factors, including (i) A significantly large receptive field, which provides rich context information, and (ii) An effective fusion strategy, which aggregates the rich multi-level features for accurate COD. Motivated by these observations, in this paper, we propose a novel deep learning based COD approach, which integrates the large receptive field and effective feature fusion into a unified framework. Specifically, we first extract multi-level features from a backbone network. The resulting features are then fed to the proposed dual-branch mixture convolution modules, each of which utilizes multiple asymmetric convolutional layers and two dilated convolutional layers to extract rich context features from a large receptive field. Finally, we fuse the features using specially-designed multi-level interactive fusion modules, each of which employs an attention mechanism along with feature interaction for effective feature fusion. Our method detects camouflaged objects with an effective fusion strategy, which aggregates the rich context information from a large receptive field. All of these designs meet the requirements of COD well, allowing the accurate detection of camouflaged objects. Extensive experiments on widely-used benchmark datasets demonstrate that our method is capable of accurately detecting camouflaged objects and outperforms the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 5.AVGCN: Trajectory Prediction using Graph Convolutional Networks Guided by Human Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05682.pdf)
>  Pedestrian trajectory prediction is a critical yet challenging task, especially for crowded scenes. We suggest that introducing an attention mechanism to infer the importance of different neighbors is critical for accurate trajectory prediction in scenes with varying crowd size. In this work, we propose a novel method, AVGCN, for trajectory prediction utilizing graph convolutional networks (GCN) based on human attention (A denotes attention, V denotes visual field constraints). First, we train an attention network that estimates the importance of neighboring pedestrians, using gaze data collected as subjects perform a bird's eye view crowd navigation task. Then, we incorporate the learned attention weights modulated by constraints on the pedestrian's visual field into a trajectory prediction network that uses a GCN to aggregate information from neighbors efficiently. AVGCN also considers the stochastic nature of pedestrian trajectories by taking advantage of variational trajectory prediction. Our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on several trajectory prediction benchmarks, and the lowest average prediction error over all considered benchmarks.      
### 6.Rescaling CNN through Learnable Repetition of Network Parameters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05650.pdf)
>  Deeper and wider CNNs are known to provide improved performance for deep learning tasks. However, most such networks have poor performance gain per parameter increase. In this paper, we investigate whether the gain observed in deeper models is purely due to the addition of more optimization parameters or whether the physical size of the network as well plays a role. Further, we present a novel rescaling strategy for CNNs based on learnable repetition of its parameters. Based on this strategy, we rescale CNNs without changing their parameter count, and show that learnable sharing of weights itself can provide significant boost in the performance of any given model without changing its parameter count. We show that small base networks when rescaled, can provide performance comparable to deeper networks with as low as 6% of optimization parameters of the deeper one. <br>The relevance of weight sharing is further highlighted through the example of group-equivariant CNNs. We show that the significant improvements obtained with group-equivariant CNNs over the regular CNNs on classification problems are only partly due to the added equivariance property, and part of it comes from the learnable repetition of network weights. For rot-MNIST dataset, we show that up to 40% of the relative gain reported by state-of-the-art methods for rotation equivariance could actually be due to just the learnt repetition of weights.      
### 7.Road Surface Translation Under Snow-covered and Semantic Segmentation for Snow Hazard Index  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05616.pdf)
>  In 2020, record heavy snowfall have been occurred owing to climate change. Actually, 2,000 vehicles on the highway could get stuck for three days. Due to the freezing of the road surface, 10 vehicles could have a billiard accident. Road managers are required to provide them immediately in order to alert drivers to snow cover at hazardous location. This paper proposes a deep learning application with CCTV image post-processing to automatically calculate a snow hazard indicator. First, the road surface of hidden region under snow-covered is translated using generative adversarial network, pix2pix. Second, snow-covered and road surface classes are detected using semantic segmentation, DeepLabv3+ under backbone MobileNet. Based on these trained networks, we enable to automatically compute the road to snow rate hazard index how much snow is covered on the road surface. We demonstrate the applied results to 1,000 CCTV snow images on Hokkaido and North Tohoku area in Japan. We mention the usefulness and the practical robustness.      
### 8.TypeNet: Deep Learning Keystroke Biometrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05570.pdf)
>  We study the performance of Long Short-Term Memory networks for keystroke biometric authentication at large scale in free-text scenarios. For this we introduce TypeNet, a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) trained with a moderate number of keystrokes per identity. We evaluate different learning approaches depending on the loss function (softmax, contrastive, and triplet loss), number of gallery samples, length of the keystroke sequences, and device type (physical vs touchscreen keyboard). With 5 gallery sequences and test sequences of length 50, TypeNet achieves state-of-the-art keystroke biometric authentication performance with an Equal Error Rate of 2.2% and 9.2% for physical and touchscreen keyboards, respectively, significantly outperforming previous approaches. Our experiments demonstrate a moderate increase in error with up to 100,000 subjects, demonstrating the potential of TypeNet to operate at an Internet scale. We utilize two Aalto University keystroke databases, one captured on physical keyboards and the second on mobile devices (touchscreen keyboards). To the best of our knowledge, both databases are the largest existing free-text keystroke databases available for research with more than 136 million keystrokes from 168,000 subjects in physical keyboards, and 60,000 subjects with more than 63 million keystrokes acquired on mobile touchscreens.      
### 9.FabricNet: A Fiber Recognition Architecture Using Ensemble ConvNets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05564.pdf)
>  Fabric is a planar material composed of textile fibers. Textile fibers are generated from many natural sources; including plants, animals, minerals, and even, it can be synthetic. A particular fabric may contain different types of fibers that pass through a complex production process. Fiber identification is usually carried out through chemical tests and microscopic tests. However, these testing processes are complicated as well as time-consuming. We propose FabricNet, a pioneering approach for the image-based textile fiber recognition system, which may have a revolutionary impact from individual to the industrial fiber recognition process. The FabricNet can recognize a large scale of fibers by only utilizing a surface image of fabric. The recognition system is constructed using a distinct category of class-based ensemble convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture. The experiment is conducted on recognizing 50 different types of textile fibers. This experiment includes a significantly large number of unique textile fibers than previous research endeavors to the best of our knowledge. We experiment with popular CNN architectures that include Inception, ResNet, VGG, MobileNet, DenseNet, and Xception. Finally, the experimental results demonstrate that FabricNet outperforms the state-of-the-art popular CNN architectures by reaching an accuracy of 84% and F1-score of 90%.      
### 10.Understanding the Role of Scene Graphs in Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05479.pdf)
>  Visual Question Answering (VQA) is of tremendous interest to the research community with important applications such as aiding visually impaired users and image-based search. In this work, we explore the use of scene graphs for solving the VQA task. We conduct experiments on the GQA dataset which presents a challenging set of questions requiring counting, compositionality and advanced reasoning capability, and provides scene graphs for a large number of images. We adopt image + question architectures for use with scene graphs, evaluate various scene graph generation techniques for unseen images, propose a training curriculum to leverage human-annotated and auto-generated scene graphs, and build late fusion architectures to learn from multiple image representations. We present a multi-faceted study into the use of scene graphs for VQA, making this work the first of its kind.      
### 11.OrigamiSet1.0: Two New Datasets for Origami Classification and Difficulty Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05470.pdf)
>  Origami is becoming more and more relevant to research. However, there is no public dataset yet available and there hasn't been any research on this topic in machine learning. We constructed an origami dataset using images from the multimedia commons and other databases. It consists of two subsets: one for classification of origami images and the other for difficulty estimation. We obtained 16000 images for classification (half origami, half other objects) and 1509 for difficulty estimation with $3$ different categories (easy: 764, intermediate: 427, complex: 318). The data can be downloaded at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/multimedia-berkeley/OriSet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. Finally, we provide machine learning baselines.      
### 12.Self-Supervised Learning for Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05456.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning is emerging as an effective substitute for transfer learning from large datasets. In this work, we use kidney segmentation to explore this idea. The anatomical asymmetry of kidneys is leveraged to define an effective proxy task for kidney segmentation via self-supervised learning. A siamese convolutional neural network (CNN) is used to classify a given pair of kidney sections from CT volumes as being kidneys of the same or different sides. This knowledge is then transferred for the segmentation of kidneys using another deep CNN using one branch of the siamese CNN as the encoder for the segmentation network. Evaluation results on a publicly available dataset containing computed tomography (CT) scans of the abdominal region shows that a boost in performance and fast convergence can be had relative to a network trained conventionally from scratch. This is notable given that no additional data/expensive annotations or augmentation were used in training.      
### 13.DAIL: Dataset-Aware and Invariant Learning for Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05419.pdf)
>  To achieve good performance in face recognition, a large scale training dataset is usually required. A simple yet effective way to improve recognition performance is to use a dataset as large as possible by combining multiple datasets in the training. However, it is problematic and troublesome to naively combine different datasets due to two major issues. First, the same person can possibly appear in different datasets, leading to an identity overlapping issue between different datasets. Naively treating the same person as different classes in different datasets during training will affect back-propagation and generate non-representative embeddings. On the other hand, manually cleaning labels may take formidable human efforts, especially when there are millions of images and thousands of identities. Second, different datasets are collected in different situations and thus will lead to different domain distributions. Naively combining datasets will make it difficult to learn domain invariant embeddings across different datasets. In this paper, we propose DAIL: Dataset-Aware and Invariant Learning to resolve the above-mentioned issues. To solve the first issue of identity overlapping, we propose a dataset-aware loss for multi-dataset training by reducing the penalty when the same person appears in multiple datasets. This can be readily achieved with a modified softmax loss with a dataset-aware term. To solve the second issue, domain adaptation with gradient reversal layers is employed for dataset invariant learning. The proposed approach not only achieves state-of-the-art results on several commonly used face recognition validation sets, including LFW, CFP-FP, and AgeDB-30, but also shows great benefit for practical use.      
### 14.Image deblurring based on lightweight multi-information fusion network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05403.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning based image deblurring has been well developed. However, exploiting the detailed image features in a deep learning framework always requires a mass of parameters, which inevitably makes the network suffer from high computational burden. To solve this problem, we propose a lightweight multiinformation fusion network (LMFN) for image deblurring. The proposed LMFN is designed as an encoder-decoder architecture. In the encoding stage, the image feature is reduced to various smallscale spaces for multi-scale information extraction and fusion without a large amount of information loss. Then, a distillation network is used in the decoding stage, which allows the network benefit the most from residual learning while remaining sufficiently lightweight. Meanwhile, an information fusion strategy between distillation modules and feature channels is also carried out by attention mechanism. Through fusing different information in the proposed approach, our network can achieve state-of-the-art image deblurring result with smaller number of parameters and outperforms existing methods in model complexity.      
### 15.Random Shadows and Highlights: A new data augmentation method for Extreme Lighting Conditions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05361.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a new data augmentation method, Random Shadows and Highlights (RSH) to acquire robustness against lighting perturbations. Our method creates random shadows and highlights on images, thus challenging the neural network during the learning process such that it acquires immunity against such input corruptions in real world applications. It is a parameter-learning free method which can be integrated into most vision related learning applications effortlessly. With extensive experimentation, we demonstrate that RSH not only increases the robustness of the models against lighting perturbations, but also reduces over-fitting significantly. Thus RSH should be considered essential for all vision related learning systems. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/OsamaMazhar/Random-Shadows-Highlights" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 16.Practical Face Reconstruction via Differentiable Ray Tracing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05356.pdf)
>  We present a differentiable ray-tracing based novel face reconstruction approach where scene attributes - 3D geometry, reflectance (diffuse, specular and roughness), pose, camera parameters, and scene illumination - are estimated from unconstrained monocular images. The proposed method models scene illumination via a novel, parameterized virtual light stage, which in-conjunction with differentiable ray-tracing, introduces a coarse-to-fine optimization formulation for face reconstruction. Our method can not only handle unconstrained illumination and self-shadows conditions, but also estimates diffuse and specular albedos. To estimate the face attributes consistently and with practical semantics, a two-stage optimization strategy systematically uses a subset of parametric attributes, where subsequent attribute estimations factor those previously estimated. For example, self-shadows estimated during the first stage, later prevent its baking into the personalized diffuse and specular albedos in the second stage. We show the efficacy of our approach in several real-world scenarios, where face attributes can be estimated even under extreme illumination conditions. Ablation studies, analyses and comparisons against several recent state-of-the-art methods show improved accuracy and versatility of our approach. With consistent face attributes reconstruction, our method leads to several style -- illumination, albedo, self-shadow -- edit and transfer applications, as discussed in the paper.      
### 17.Explainability of vision-based autonomous driving systems: Review and challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05307.pdf)
>  This survey reviews explainability methods for vision-based self-driving systems. The concept of explainability has several facets and the need for explainability is strong in driving, a safety-critical application. Gathering contributions from several research fields, namely computer vision, deep learning, autonomous driving, explainable AI (X-AI), this survey tackles several points. First, it discusses definitions, context, and motivation for gaining more interpretability and explainability from self-driving systems. Second, major recent state-of-the-art approaches to develop self-driving systems are quickly presented. Third, methods providing explanations to a black-box self-driving system in a post-hoc fashion are comprehensively organized and detailed. Fourth, approaches from the literature that aim at building more interpretable self-driving systems by design are presented and discussed in detail. Finally, remaining open-challenges and potential future research directions are identified and examined.      
### 18.GAN Inversion: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05278.pdf)
>  GAN inversion aims to invert a given image back into the latent space of a pretrained GAN model, for the image to be faithfully reconstructed from the inverted code by the generator. As an emerging technique to bridge the real and fake image domains, GAN inversion plays an essential role in enabling the pretrained GAN models such as StyleGAN and BigGAN to be used for real image editing applications. Meanwhile, GAN inversion also provides insights on the interpretation of GAN's latent space and how the realistic images can be generated. In this paper, we provide an overview of GAN inversion with a focus on its recent algorithms and applications. We cover important techniques of GAN inversion and their applications to image restoration and image manipulation. We further elaborate on some trends and challenges for future directions.      
### 19.Topological Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05778.pdf)
>  This work introduces the Topological CNN (TCNN), which encompasses several topologically defined convolutional methods. Manifolds with important relationships to the natural image space are used to parameterize image filters which are used as convolutional weights in a TCNN. These manifolds also parameterize slices in layers of a TCNN across which the weights are localized. We show evidence that TCNNs learn faster, on less data, with fewer learned parameters, and with greater generalizability and interpretability than conventional CNNs. We introduce and explore TCNN layers for both image and video data. We propose extensions to 3D images and 3D video.      
### 20.A Pipeline for Vision-Based On-Orbit Proximity Operations Using Deep Learning and Synthetic Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05661.pdf)
>  Deep learning has become the gold standard for image processing over the past decade. Simultaneously, we have seen growing interest in orbital activities such as satellite servicing and debris removal that depend on proximity operations between spacecraft. However, two key challenges currently pose a major barrier to the use of deep learning for vision-based on-orbit proximity operations. Firstly, efficient implementation of these techniques relies on an effective system for model development that streamlines data curation, training, and evaluation. Secondly, a scarcity of labeled training data (images of a target spacecraft) hinders creation of robust deep learning models. This paper presents an open-source deep learning pipeline, developed specifically for on-orbit visual navigation applications, that addresses these challenges. The core of our work consists of two custom software tools built on top of a cloud architecture that interconnects all stages of the model development process. The first tool leverages Blender, an open-source 3D graphics toolset, to generate labeled synthetic training data with configurable model poses (positions and orientations), lighting conditions, backgrounds, and commonly observed in-space image aberrations. The second tool is a plugin-based framework for effective dataset curation and model training; it provides common functionality like metadata generation and remote storage access to all projects while giving complete independence to project-specific code. Time-consuming, graphics-intensive processes such as synthetic image generation and model training run on cloud-based computational resources which scale to any scope and budget and allow development of even the largest datasets and models from any machine. The presented system has been used in the Texas Spacecraft Laboratory with marked benefits in development speed and quality.      
### 21.Deep Cellular Recurrent Network for Efficient Analysis of Time-Series Data with Spatial Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05608.pdf)
>  Efficient processing of large-scale time series data is an intricate problem in machine learning. Conventional sensor signal processing pipelines with hand engineered feature extraction often involve huge computational cost with high dimensional data. Deep recurrent neural networks have shown promise in automated feature learning for improved time-series processing. However, generic deep recurrent models grow in scale and depth with increased complexity of the data. This is particularly challenging in presence of high dimensional data with temporal and spatial characteristics. Consequently, this work proposes a novel deep cellular recurrent neural network (DCRNN) architecture to efficiently process complex multi-dimensional time series data with spatial information. The cellular recurrent architecture in the proposed model allows for location-aware synchronous processing of time series data from spatially distributed sensor signal sources. Extensive trainable parameter sharing due to cellularity in the proposed architecture ensures efficiency in the use of recurrent processing units with high-dimensional inputs. This study also investigates the versatility of the proposed DCRNN model for classification of multi-class time series data from different application domains. Consequently, the proposed DCRNN architecture is evaluated using two time-series datasets: a multichannel scalp EEG dataset for seizure detection, and a machine fault detection dataset obtained in-house. The results suggest that the proposed architecture achieves state-of-the-art performance while utilizing substantially less trainable parameters when compared to comparable methods in the literature.      
### 22.DICE: Diversity in Deep Ensembles via Conditional Redundancy Adversarial Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05544.pdf)
>  Deep ensembles perform better than a single network thanks to the diversity among their members. Recent approaches regularize predictions to increase diversity; however, they also drastically decrease individual members' performances. In this paper, we argue that learning strategies for deep ensembles need to tackle the trade-off between ensemble diversity and individual accuracies. Motivated by arguments from information theory and leveraging recent advances in neural estimation of conditional mutual information, we introduce a novel training criterion called DICE: it increases diversity by reducing spurious correlations among features. The main idea is that features extracted from pairs of members should only share information useful for target class prediction without being conditionally redundant. Therefore, besides the classification loss with information bottleneck, we adversarially prevent features from being conditionally predictable from each other. We manage to reduce simultaneous errors while protecting class information. We obtain state-of-the-art accuracy results on CIFAR-10/100: for example, an ensemble of 5 networks trained with DICE matches an ensemble of 7 networks trained independently. We further analyze the consequences on calibration, uncertainty estimation, out-of-distribution detection and online co-distillation.      
### 23.Automated Model Design and Benchmarking of 3D Deep Learning Models for COVID-19 Detection with Chest CT Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05442.pdf)
>  The COVID-19 pandemic has spread globally for several months. Because its transmissibility and high pathogenicity seriously threaten people's lives, it is crucial to accurately and quickly detect COVID-19 infection. Many recent studies have shown that deep learning (DL) based solutions can help detect COVID-19 based on chest CT scans. However, most existing work focuses on 2D datasets, which may result in low quality models as the real CT scans are 3D images. Besides, the reported results span a broad spectrum on different datasets with a relatively unfair comparison. In this paper, we first use three state-of-the-art 3D models (ResNet3D101, DenseNet3D121, and MC3\_18) to establish the baseline performance on the three publicly available chest CT scan datasets. Then we propose a differentiable neural architecture search (DNAS) framework to automatically search for the 3D DL models for 3D chest CT scans classification with the Gumbel Softmax technique to improve the searching efficiency. We further exploit the Class Activation Mapping (CAM) technique on our models to provide the interpretability of the results. The experimental results show that our automatically searched models (CovidNet3D) outperform the baseline human-designed models on the three datasets with tens of times smaller model size and higher accuracy. Furthermore, the results also verify that CAM can be well applied in CovidNet3D for COVID-19 datasets to provide interpretability for medical diagnosis.      
### 24.Dual-cycle Constrained Bijective VAE-GAN For Tagged-to-Cine Magnetic Resonance Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05439.pdf)
>  Tagged magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a widely used imaging technique for measuring tissue deformation in moving organs. Due to tagged MRI's intrinsic low anatomical resolution, another matching set of cine MRI with higher resolution is sometimes acquired in the same scanning session to facilitate tissue segmentation, thus adding extra time and cost. To mitigate this, in this work, we propose a novel dual-cycle constrained bijective VAE-GAN approach to carry out tagged-to-cine MR image synthesis. Our method is based on a variational autoencoder backbone with cycle reconstruction constrained adversarial training to yield accurate and realistic cine MR images given tagged MR images. Our framework has been trained, validated, and tested using 1,768, 416, and 1,560 subject-independent paired slices of tagged and cine MRI from twenty healthy subjects, respectively, demonstrating superior performance over the comparison methods. Our method can potentially be used to reduce the extra acquisition time and cost, while maintaining the same workflow for further motion analyses.      
### 25.A Unified Conditional Disentanglement Framework for Multimodal Brain MR Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05434.pdf)
>  Multimodal MRI provides complementary and clinically relevant information to probe tissue condition and to characterize various diseases. However, it is often difficult to acquire sufficiently many modalities from the same subject due to limitations in study plans, while quantitative analysis is still demanded. In this work, we propose a unified conditional disentanglement framework to synthesize any arbitrary modality from an input modality. Our framework hinges on a cycle-constrained conditional adversarial training approach, where it can extract a modality-invariant anatomical feature with a modality-agnostic encoder and generate a target modality with a conditioned decoder. We validate our framework on four MRI modalities, including T1-weighted, T1 contrast enhanced, T2-weighted, and FLAIR MRI, from the BraTS'18 database, showing superior performance on synthesis quality over the comparison methods. In addition, we report results from experiments on a tumor segmentation task carried out with synthesized data.      
### 26.A Multi-Stage Attentive Transfer Learning Framework for Improving COVID-19 Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05410.pdf)
>  Computed tomography (CT) imaging is a promising approach to diagnosing the COVID-19. Machine learning methods can be employed to train models from labeled CT images and predict whether a case is positive or negative. However, there exists no publicly-available and large-scale CT data to train accurate models. In this work, we propose a multi-stage attentive transfer learning framework for improving COVID-19 diagnosis. Our proposed framework consists of three stages to train accurate diagnosis models through learning knowledge from multiple source tasks and data of different domains. Importantly, we propose a novel self-supervised learning method to learn multi-scale representations for lung CT images. Our method captures semantic information from the whole lung and highlights the functionality of each lung region for better representation learning. The method is then integrated to the last stage of the proposed transfer learning framework to reuse the complex patterns learned from the same CT images. We use a base model integrating self-attention (ATTNs) and convolutional operations. Experimental results show that networks with ATTNs induce greater performance improvement through transfer learning than networks without ATTNs. This indicates attention exhibits higher transferability than convolution. Our results also show that the proposed self-supervised learning method outperforms several baseline methods.      
### 27.Machine-learning enhanced dark soliton detection in Bose-Einstein condensates  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05404.pdf)
>  Most data in cold-atom experiments comes from images, the analysis of which is limited by our preconceptions of the patterns that could be present in the data. We focus on the well-defined case of detecting dark solitons -- appearing as local density depletions in a BEC -- using a methodology that is extensible to the general task of pattern recognition in images of cold atoms. Studying soliton dynamics over a wide range of parameters requires the analysis of large datasets, making the existing human-inspection-based methodology a significant bottleneck. Here we describe an automated classification and positioning system for identifying localized excitations in atomic Bose-Einstein condensates (BECs) utilizing deep convolutional neural networks to eliminate the need for human image examination. Furthermore, we openly publish our labeled dataset of dark solitons, the first of its kind, for further machine learning research.      
### 28.Advancing Eosinophilic Esophagitis Diagnosis and Phenotype Assessment with Deep Learning Computer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05326.pdf)
>  Eosinophilic Esophagitis (EoE) is an inflammatory esophageal disease which is increasing in prevalence. The diagnostic gold-standard involves manual review of a patient's biopsy tissue sample by a clinical pathologist for the presence of 15 or greater eosinophils within a single high-power field (400x magnification). Diagnosing EoE can be a cumbersome process with added difficulty for assessing the severity and progression of disease. We propose an automated approach for quantifying eosinophils using deep image segmentation. A U-Net model and post-processing system are applied to generate eosinophil-based statistics that can diagnose EoE as well as describe disease severity and progression. These statistics are captured in biopsies at the initial EoE diagnosis and are then compared with patient metadata: clinical and treatment phenotypes. The goal is to find linkages that could potentially guide treatment plans for new patients at their initial disease diagnosis. A deep image classification model is further applied to discover features other than eosinophils that can be used to diagnose EoE. This is the first study to utilize a deep learning computer vision approach for EoE diagnosis and to provide an automated process for tracking disease severity and progression.      
