# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 7 Jan 2021
### 1.Generating Masks from Boxes by Mining Spatio-Temporal Consistencies in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.02196.pdf)
>  Segmenting objects in videos is a fundamental computer vision task. The current deep learning based paradigm offers a powerful, but data-hungry solution. However, current datasets are limited by the cost and human effort of annotating object masks in videos. This effectively limits the performance and generalization capabilities of existing video segmentation methods. To address this issue, we explore weaker form of bounding box annotations. <br>We introduce a method for generating segmentation masks from per-frame bounding box annotations in videos. To this end, we propose a spatio-temporal aggregation module that effectively mines consistencies in the object and background appearance across multiple frames. We use our resulting accurate masks for weakly supervised training of video object segmentation (VOS) networks. We generate segmentation masks for large scale tracking datasets, using only their bounding box annotations. The additional data provides substantially better generalization performance leading to state-of-the-art results in both the VOS and more challenging tracking domain.      
### 2.A Robust Illumination-Invariant Camera System for Agricultural Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.02190.pdf)
>  Object detection and semantic segmentation are two of the most widely adopted deep learning algorithms in agricultural applications. One of the major sources of variability in image quality acquired in the outdoors for such tasks is changing lighting condition that can alter the appearance of the objects or the contents of the entire image. While transfer learning and data augmentation to some extent reduce the need for large amount of data to train deep neural networks, the large variety of cultivars and the lack of shared datasets in agriculture makes wide-scale field deployments difficult. In this paper, we present a high throughput robust active lighting-based camera system that generates consistent images in all lighting conditions. We detail experiments that show the consistency in images quality leading to relatively fewer images to train deep neural networks for the task of object detection. We further present results from field experiment under extreme lighting conditions where images without active lighting significantly lack to provide consistent results. The experimental results show that on average, deep nets for object detection trained on consistent data required nearly four times less data to achieve similar level of accuracy. This proposed work could potentially provide pragmatic solutions to computer vision needs in agriculture.      
### 3.Combining Deep Learning and Mathematical Morphology for Historical Map Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.02144.pdf)
>  The digitization of historical maps enables the study of ancient, fragile, unique, and hardly accessible information sources. Main map features can be retrieved and tracked through the time for subsequent thematic analysis. The goal of this work is the vectorization step, i.e., the extraction of vector shapes of the objects of interest from raster images of maps. We are particularly interested in closed shape detection such as buildings, building blocks, gardens, rivers, etc. in order to monitor their temporal evolution. Historical map images present significant pattern recognition challenges. The extraction of closed shapes by using traditional Mathematical Morphology (MM) is highly challenging due to the overlapping of multiple map features and texts. Moreover, state-of-the-art Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) are perfectly designed for content image filtering but provide no guarantee about closed shape detection. Also, the lack of textural and color information of historical maps makes it hard for CNN to detect shapes that are represented by only their boundaries. Our contribution is a pipeline that combines the strengths of CNN (efficient edge detection and filtering) and MM (guaranteed extraction of closed shapes) in order to achieve such a task. The evaluation of our approach on a public dataset shows its effectiveness for extracting the closed boundaries of objects in historical maps.      
### 4.Transformer Guided Geometry Model for Flow-Based Unsupervised Visual Odometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.02143.pdf)
>  Existing unsupervised visual odometry (VO) methods either match pairwise images or integrate the temporal information using recurrent neural networks over a long sequence of images. They are either not accurate, time-consuming in training or error accumulative. In this paper, we propose a method consisting of two camera pose estimators that deal with the information from pairwise images and a short sequence of images respectively. For image sequences, a Transformer-like structure is adopted to build a geometry model over a local temporal window, referred to as Transformer-based Auxiliary Pose Estimator (TAPE). Meanwhile, a Flow-to-Flow Pose Estimator (F2FPE) is proposed to exploit the relationship between pairwise images. The two estimators are constrained through a simple yet effective consistency loss in training. Empirical evaluation has shown that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art unsupervised learning-based methods by a large margin and performs comparably to supervised and traditional ones on the KITTI and Malaga dataset.      
### 5.An Integrated Attribute Guided Dense Attention Model for Fine-Grained Generalized Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.02141.pdf)
>  Fine-grained generalized zero-shot learning (GZSL) tasks require exploration of relevance between local visual features and attributes to discover fine distinctive information for satisfactory performance. Embedding learning and feature synthesizing are two of the popular categories of GZSL methods. However, these methods do not explore fine discriminative information as they ignore either the local features or direct guidance from the attributes. Consequently, they do not perform well. We propose a novel embedding learning network with a two-step dense attention mechanism, which uses direct attribute supervision to explore fine distinctive local visual features for fine-grained GZSL tasks. We further incorporate a feature synthesizing network, which uses the attribute-weighted visual features from the embedding learning network. Both networks are mutually trained in an end-to-end fashion to exploit mutually beneficial information. Consequently, the proposed method can test both scenarios: when only the images of unseen classes are available (using the feature synthesizing network) or when both images and semantic descriptors of the unseen classes are available (via the embedding learning network). Moreover, to reduce bias towards the source domain during testing, we compute source-target class similarity based on mutual information and transfer-learn the target classes. We demonstrate that our proposed method outperforms contemporary methods on benchmark datasets.      
### 6.LAEO-Net++: revisiting people Looking At Each Other in videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.02136.pdf)
>  Capturing the 'mutual gaze' of people is essential for understanding and interpreting the social interactions between them. To this end, this paper addresses the problem of detecting people Looking At Each Other (LAEO) in video sequences. For this purpose, we propose LAEO-Net++, a new deep CNN for determining LAEO in videos. In contrast to previous works, LAEO-Net++ takes spatio-temporal tracks as input and reasons about the whole track. It consists of three branches, one for each character's tracked head and one for their relative position. Moreover, we introduce two new LAEO datasets: UCO-LAEO and AVA-LAEO. A thorough experimental evaluation demonstrates the ability of LAEO-Net++ to successfully determine if two people are LAEO and the temporal window where it happens. Our model achieves state-of-the-art results on the existing TVHID-LAEO video dataset, significantly outperforming previous approaches. Finally, we apply LAEO-Net++ to a social network, where we automatically infer the social relationship between pairs of people based on the frequency and duration that they LAEO, and show that LAEO can be a useful tool for guided search of human interactions in videos. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/AVAuco/laeonetplus" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.RethNet: Object-by-Object Learning for Detecting Facial Skin Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.02127.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation is a hot topic in computer vision where the most challenging tasks of object detection and recognition have been handling by the success of semantic segmentation approaches. We propose a concept of object-by-object learning technique to detect 11 types of facial skin lesions using semantic segmentation methods. Detecting individual skin lesion in a dense group is a challenging task, because of ambiguities in the appearance of the visual data. We observe that there exist co-occurrent visual relations between object classes (e.g., wrinkle and age spot, or papule and whitehead, etc.). In fact, rich contextual information significantly helps to handle the issue. Therefore, we propose REthinker blocks that are composed of the locally constructed convLSTM/Conv3D layers and SE module as a one-shot attention mechanism whose responsibility is to increase network's sensitivity in the local and global contextual representation that supports to capture ambiguously appeared objects and co-occurrence interactions between object classes. Experiments show that our proposed model reached MIoU of 79.46% on the test of a prepared dataset, representing a 15.34% improvement over Deeplab v3+ (MIoU of 64.12%).      
### 8.Adversarial Robustness by Design through Analog Computing and Synthetic Gradients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.02115.pdf)
>  We propose a new defense mechanism against adversarial attacks inspired by an optical co-processor, providing robustness without compromising natural accuracy in both white-box and black-box settings. This hardware co-processor performs a nonlinear fixed random transformation, where the parameters are unknown and impossible to retrieve with sufficient precision for large enough dimensions. In the white-box setting, our defense works by obfuscating the parameters of the random projection. Unlike other defenses relying on obfuscated gradients, we find we are unable to build a reliable backward differentiable approximation for obfuscated parameters. Moreover, while our model reaches a good natural accuracy with a hybrid backpropagation - synthetic gradient method, the same approach is suboptimal if employed to generate adversarial examples. We find the combination of a random projection and binarization in the optical system also improves robustness against various types of black-box attacks. Finally, our hybrid training method builds robust features against transfer attacks. We demonstrate our approach on a VGG-like architecture, placing the defense on top of the convolutional features, on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lightonai/adversarial-robustness-by-design" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 9.On the Tightness of Semidefinite Relaxations for Rotation Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.02099.pdf)
>  Why is it that semidefinite relaxations have been so successful in numerous applications in computer vision and robotics for solving non-convex optimization problems involving rotations? In studying the empirical performance, we note that there are hardly any failure cases reported in the literature, motivating us to approach these problems from a theoretical perspective. <br>A general framework based on tools from algebraic geometry is introduced for analyzing the power of semidefinite relaxations of problems with quadratic objective functions and rotational constraints. Applications include registration, hand-eye calibration, camera resectioning and rotation averaging. We characterize the extreme points, and show that there are plenty of failure cases for which the relaxation is not tight, even in the case of a single rotation. We also show that for some problem classes, an appropriate rotation parametrization guarantees tight relaxations. Our theoretical findings are accompanied with numerical simulations, providing further evidence and understanding of the results.      
### 10.Shallow-UWnet : Compressed Model for Underwater Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.02073.pdf)
>  Over the past few decades, underwater image enhancement has attracted increasing amount of research effort due to its significance in underwater robotics and ocean engineering. Research has evolved from implementing physics-based solutions to using very deep CNNs and GANs. However, these state-of-art algorithms are computationally expensive and memory intensive. This hinders their deployment on portable devices for underwater exploration tasks. These models are trained on either synthetic or limited real world datasets making them less practical in real-world scenarios. In this paper we propose a shallow neural network architecture, \textbf{Shallow-UWnet} which maintains performance and has fewer parameters than the state-of-art models. We also demonstrated the generalization of our model by benchmarking its performance on combination of synthetic and real-world datasets.      
### 11.A Unified Learning Approach for Hand Gesture Recognition and Fingertip Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.02047.pdf)
>  In human-computer interaction or sign language interpretation, recognizing hand gestures and detecting fingertips become ubiquitous in computer vision research. In this paper, a unified approach of convolutional neural network for both hand gesture recognition and fingertip detection is introduced. The proposed algorithm uses a single network to predict the probabilities of finger class and positions of fingertips in one forward propagation of the network. Instead of directly regressing the positions of fingertips from the fully connected layer, the ensemble of the position of fingertips is regressed from the fully convolutional network. Subsequently, the ensemble average is taken to regress the final position of fingertips. Since the whole pipeline uses a single network, it is significantly fast in computation. The proposed method results in remarkably less pixel error as compared to that in the direct regression approach and it outperforms the existing fingertip detection approaches including the Heatmap-based framework.      
### 12.Weakly-Supervised Multi-Face 3D Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.02000.pdf)
>  3D face reconstruction plays a very important role in many real-world multimedia applications, including digital entertainment, social media, affection analysis, and person identification. The de-facto pipeline for estimating the parametric face model from an image requires to firstly detect the facial regions with landmarks, and then crop each face to feed the deep learning-based regressor. Comparing to the conventional methods performing forward inference for each detected instance independently, we suggest an effective end-to-end framework for multi-face 3D reconstruction, which is able to predict the model parameters of multiple instances simultaneously using single network inference. Our proposed approach not only greatly reduces the computational redundancy in feature extraction but also makes the deployment procedure much easier using the single network model. More importantly, we employ the same global camera model for the reconstructed faces in each image, which makes it possible to recover the relative head positions and orientations in the 3D scene. We have conducted extensive experiments to evaluate our proposed approach on the sparse and dense face alignment tasks. The experimental results indicate that our proposed approach is very promising on face alignment tasks without fully-supervision and pre-processing like detection and crop. Our implementation is publicly available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kalyo-zjl/WM3DR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 13.Multi-object Tracking with a Hierarchical Single-branch Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01984.pdf)
>  Recent Multiple Object Tracking (MOT) methods have gradually attempted to integrate object detection and instance re-identification (Re-ID) into a united network to form a one-stage solution. Typically, these methods use two separated branches within a single network to accomplish detection and Re-ID respectively without studying the inter-relationship between them, which inevitably impedes the tracking performance. In this paper, we propose an online multi-object tracking framework based on a hierarchical single-branch network to solve this problem. Specifically, the proposed single-branch network utilizes an improved Hierarchical Online In-stance Matching (iHOIM) loss to explicitly model the inter-relationship between object detection and Re-ID. Our novel iHOIM loss function unifies the objectives of the two sub-tasks and encourages better detection performance and feature learning even in extremely crowded scenes. Moreover, we propose to introduce the object positions, predicted by a motion model, as region proposals for subsequent object detection, where the intuition is that detection results and motion predictions can complement each other in different scenarios. Experimental results on MOT16 and MOT20 datasets show that we can achieve state-of-the-art tracking performance, and the ablation study verifies the effectiveness of each proposed component.      
### 14.Predicting Forest Fire Using Remote Sensing Data And Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01975.pdf)
>  Over the last few decades, deforestation and climate change have caused increasing number of forest fires. In Southeast Asia, Indonesia has been the most affected country by tropical peatland forest fires. These fires have a significant impact on the climate resulting in extensive health, social and economic issues. Existing forest fire prediction systems, such as the Canadian Forest Fire Danger Rating System, are based on handcrafted features and require installation and maintenance of expensive instruments on the ground, which can be a challenge for developing countries such as Indonesia. We propose a novel, cost-effective, machine-learning based approach that uses remote sensing data to predict forest fires in Indonesia. Our prediction model achieves more than 0.81 area under the receiver operator characteristic (ROC) curve, performing significantly better than the baseline approach which never exceeds 0.70 area under ROC curve on the same tasks. Our model's performance remained above 0.81 area under ROC curve even when evaluated with reduced data. The results support our claim that machine-learning based approaches can lead to reliable and cost-effective forest fire prediction systems.      
### 15.Line Segment Detection Using Transformers without Edges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01909.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a holistically end-to-end algorithm for line segment detection with transformers that is post-processing and heuristics-guided intermediate processing (edge/junction/region detection) free. Our method, named LinE segment TRansformers (LETR), tackles the three main problems in this domain, namely edge element detection, perceptual grouping, and holistic inference by three highlights in detection transformers (DETR) including tokenized queries with integrated encoding and decoding, self-attention, and joint queries respectively. The transformers learn to progressively refine line segments through layers of self-attention mechanism skipping the heuristic design in the previous line segmentation algorithms. We equip multi-scale encoder/decoder in the transformers to perform fine-grained line segment detection under a direct end-point distance loss that is particularly suitable for entities such as line segments that are not conveniently represented by bounding boxes. In the experiments, we show state-of-the-art results on Wireframe and YorkUrban benchmarks. LETR points to a promising direction for joint end-to-end detection of general entities beyond the standard object bounding box representation.      
### 16.Modality-specific Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01881.pdf)
>  Large neural networks are impractical to deploy on mobile devices due to their heavy computational cost and slow inference. Knowledge distillation (KD) is a technique to reduce the model size while retaining performance by transferring knowledge from a large "teacher" model to a smaller "student" model. However, KD on multimodal datasets such as vision-language datasets is relatively unexplored and digesting such multimodal information is challenging since different modalities present different types of information. In this paper, we propose modality-specific distillation (MSD) to effectively transfer knowledge from a teacher on multimodal datasets. Existing KD approaches can be applied to multimodal setup, but a student doesn't have access to modality-specific predictions. Our idea aims at mimicking a teacher's modality-specific predictions by introducing an auxiliary loss term for each modality. Because each modality has different importance for predictions, we also propose weighting approaches for the auxiliary losses; a meta-learning approach to learn the optimal weights on these loss terms. In our experiments, we demonstrate the effectiveness of our MSD and the weighting scheme and show that it achieves better performance than KD.      
### 17.On-Device Document Classification using multimodal features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01880.pdf)
>  From small screenshots to large videos, documents take up a bulk of space in a modern smartphone. Documents in a phone can accumulate from various sources, and with the high storage capacity of mobiles, hundreds of documents are accumulated in a short period. However, searching or managing documents remains an onerous task, since most search methods depend on meta-information or only text in a document. In this paper, we showcase that a single modality is insufficient for classification and present a novel pipeline to classify documents on-device, thus preventing any private user data transfer to server. For this task, we integrate an open-source library for Optical Character Recognition (OCR) and our novel model architecture in the pipeline. We optimise the model for size, a necessary metric for on-device inference. We benchmark our classification model with a standard multimodal dataset FOOD-101 and showcase competitive results with the previous State of the Art with 30% model compression.      
### 18.Smile and Laugh Expressions Detection Based on Local Minimum Key Points  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01874.pdf)
>  In this paper, a smile and laugh facial expression is presented based on dimension reduction and description process of the key points. The paper has two main objectives; the first is to extract the local critical points in terms of their apparent features, and the second is to reduce the system's dependence on training inputs. To achieve these objectives, three different scenarios on extracting the features are proposed. First of all, the discrete parts of a face are detected by local binary pattern method that is used to extract a set of global feature vectors for texture classification considering various regions of an input-image face. Then, in the first scenario and with respect to the correlation changes of adjacent pixels on the texture of a mouth area, a set of local key points are extracted using the Harris corner detector. In the second scenario, the dimension reduction of the extracted points of first scenario provided by principal component analysis algorithm leading to reduction in computational costs and overall complexity without loss of performance and flexibility, etc.      
### 19.Multi-Stage Residual Hiding for Image-into-Audio Steganography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01872.pdf)
>  The widespread application of audio communication technologies has speeded up audio data flowing across the Internet, which made it a popular carrier for covert communication. In this paper, we present a cross-modal steganography method for hiding image content into audio carriers while preserving the perceptual fidelity of the cover audio. In our framework, two multi-stage networks are designed: the first network encodes the decreasing multilevel residual errors inside different audio subsequences with the corresponding stage sub-networks, while the second network decodes the residual errors from the modified carrier with the corresponding stage sub-networks to produce the final revealed results. The multi-stage design of proposed framework not only make the controlling of payload capacity more flexible, but also make hiding easier because of the gradual sparse characteristic of residual errors. Qualitative experiments suggest that modifications to the carrier are unnoticeable by human listeners and that the decoded images are highly intelligible.      
### 20.TGCN: Time Domain Graph Convolutional Network for Multiple Objects Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01861.pdf)
>  Multiple object tracking is to give each object an id in the video. The difficulty is how to match the predicted objects and detected objects in same frames. Matching features include appearance features, location features, etc. These features of the predicted object are basically based on some previous frames. However, few papers describe the relationship in the time domain between the previous frame features and the current frame <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://features.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this paper, we proposed a time domain graph convolutional network for multiple objects tracking.The model is mainly divided into two parts, we first use convolutional neural network (CNN) to extract pedestrian appearance feature, which is a normal operation processing image in deep learning, then we use GCN to model some past frames' appearance feature to get the prediction appearance feature of the current frame. Due to this extension, we can get the pose features of the current frame according to the relationship between some frames in the past. Experimental evaluation shows that our extensions improve the MOTA by 1.3 on the MOT16, achieving overall competitive performance at high frame rates.      
### 21.Mesh Reconstruction from Aerial Images for Outdoor Terrain Mapping Using Joint 2D-3D Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01844.pdf)
>  This paper addresses outdoor terrain mapping using overhead images obtained from an unmanned aerial vehicle. Dense depth estimation from aerial images during flight is challenging. While feature-based localization and mapping techniques can deliver real-time odometry and sparse points reconstruction, a dense environment model is generally recovered offline with significant computation and storage. This paper develops a joint 2D-3D learning approach to reconstruct local meshes at each camera keyframe, which can be assembled into a global environment model. Each local mesh is initialized from sparse depth measurements. We associate image features with the mesh vertices through camera projection and apply graph convolution to refine the mesh vertices based on joint 2-D reprojected depth and 3-D mesh supervision. Quantitative and qualitative evaluations using real aerial images show the potential of our method to support environmental monitoring and surveillance applications.      
### 22.ISETAuto: Detecting vehicles with depth and radiance information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01843.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving applications use two types of sensor systems to identify vehicles - depth sensing LiDAR and radiance sensing cameras. We compare the performance (average precision) of a ResNet for vehicle detection in complex, daytime, driving scenes when the input is a depth map (D = d(x,y)), a radiance image (L = r(x,y)), or both [D,L]. (1) When the spatial sampling resolution of the depth map and radiance image are equal to typical camera resolutions, a ResNet detects vehicles at higher average precision from depth than radiance. (2) As the spatial sampling of the depth map declines to the range of current LiDAR devices, the ResNet average precision is higher for radiance than depth. (3) For a hybrid system that combines a depth map and radiance image, the average precision is higher than using depth or radiance alone. We established these observations in simulation and then confirmed them using realworld data. The advantage of combining depth and radiance can be explained by noting that the two type of information have complementary weaknesses. The radiance data are limited by dynamic range and motion blur. The LiDAR data have relatively low spatial resolution. The ResNet combines the two data sources effectively to improve overall vehicle detection.      
### 23.CNN-based Visual Ego-Motion Estimation for Fast MAV Maneuvers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01841.pdf)
>  In the field of visual ego-motion estimation for Micro Air Vehicles (MAVs), fast maneuvers stay challenging mainly because of the big visual disparity and motion blur. In the pursuit of higher robustness, we study convolutional neural networks (CNNs) that predict the relative pose between subsequent images from a fast-moving monocular camera facing a planar scene. Aided by the Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU), we mainly focus on the translational motion. The networks we study have similar small model sizes (around 1.35MB) and high inference speeds (around 100Hz on a mobile GPU). Images for training and testing have realistic motion blur. Departing from a network framework that iteratively warps the first image to match the second with cascaded network blocks, we study different network architectures and training strategies. Simulated datasets and MAV flight datasets are used for evaluation. The proposed setup shows better accuracy over existing networks and traditional feature-point-based methods during fast maneuvers. Moreover, self-supervised learning outperforms supervised learning. The code developed for this paper will be open-source upon publication at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tudelft/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 24.Regularization-Agnostic Compressed Sensing MRI Reconstruction with Hypernetworks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.02194.pdf)
>  Reconstructing under-sampled k-space measurements in Compressed Sensing MRI (CS-MRI) is classically solved with regularized least-squares. Recently, deep learning has been used to amortize this optimization by training reconstruction networks on a dataset of under-sampled measurements. Here, a crucial design choice is the regularization function(s) and corresponding weight(s). In this paper, we explore a novel strategy of using a hypernetwork to generate the parameters of a separate reconstruction network as a function of the regularization weight(s), resulting in a regularization-agnostic reconstruction model. At test time, for a given under-sampled image, our model can rapidly compute reconstructions with different amounts of regularization. We analyze the variability of these reconstructions, especially in situations when the overall quality is similar. Finally, we propose and empirically demonstrate an efficient and data-driven way of maximizing reconstruction performance given limited hypernetwork capacity. Our code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/alanqrwang/RegAgnosticCSMRI" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.Cauchy-Schwarz Regularized Autoencoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.02149.pdf)
>  Recent work in unsupervised learning has focused on efficient inference and learning in latent variables models. Training these models by maximizing the evidence (marginal likelihood) is typically intractable. Thus, a common approximation is to maximize the Evidence Lower BOund (ELBO) instead. Variational autoencoders (VAE) are a powerful and widely-used class of generative models that optimize the ELBO efficiently for large datasets. However, the VAE's default Gaussian choice for the prior imposes a strong constraint on its ability to represent the true posterior, thereby degrading overall performance. A Gaussian mixture model (GMM) would be a richer prior, but cannot be handled efficiently within the VAE framework because of the intractability of the Kullback-Leibler divergence for GMMs. We challenge the adoption of the VAE framework on this specific point in favor of one with an analytical solution for Gaussian mixture prior. To perform efficient inference for GMM priors, we introduce a new constrained objective based on the Cauchy-Schwarz divergence, which can be computed analytically for GMMs. This new objective allows us to incorporate richer, multi-modal priors into the auto-encoding framework.We provide empirical studies on a range of datasets and show that our objective improves upon variational auto-encoding models in density estimation, unsupervised clustering, semi-supervised learning, and face analysis.      
### 26.Model Extraction and Defenses on Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.02069.pdf)
>  Model extraction attacks aim to duplicate a machine learning model through query access to a target model. Early studies mainly focus on discriminative models. Despite the success, model extraction attacks against generative models are less well explored. In this paper, we systematically study the feasibility of model extraction attacks against generative adversarial networks (GANs). Specifically, we first define accuracy and fidelity on model extraction attacks against GANs. Then we study model extraction attacks against GANs from the perspective of accuracy extraction and fidelity extraction, according to the adversary's goals and background knowledge. We further conduct a case study where an adversary can transfer knowledge of the extracted model which steals a state-of-the-art GAN trained with more than 3 million images to new domains to broaden the scope of applications of model extraction attacks. Finally, we propose effective defense techniques to safeguard GANs, considering a trade-off between the utility and security of GAN models.      
### 27.Ensemble and Random Collaborative Representation-Based Anomaly Detector for Hyperspectral Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01976.pdf)
>  In recent years, hyperspectral anomaly detection (HAD) has become an active topic and plays a significant role in military and civilian fields. As a classic HAD method, the collaboration representation-based detector (CRD) has attracted extensive attention and in-depth research. Despite the good performance of CRD method, its computational cost is too high for the widely demanded real-time applications. To alleviate this problem, a novel ensemble and random collaborative representation-based detector (ERCRD) is proposed for HAD. This approach comprises two main steps. Firstly, we propose a random background modeling to replace the sliding dual window strategy used in the original CRD method. Secondly, we can obtain multiple detection results through multiple random background modeling, and these results are further refined to final detection result through ensemble learning. Experiments on four real hyperspectral datasets exhibit the accuracy and efficiency of this proposed ERCRD method compared with ten state-of-the-art HAD methods.      
### 28.A New Weighting Scheme for Fan-beam and Circle Cone-beam CT Reconstructions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01886.pdf)
>  In this paper, we first present an arc based algorithm for fan-beam computed tomography (CT) reconstruction via applying Katsevich's helical CT formula to 2D fan-beam CT reconstruction. Then, we propose a new weighting function to deal with the redundant projection data. By extending the weighted arc based fan-beam algorithm to circle cone-beam geometry, we also obtain a new FDK-similar algorithm for circle cone-beam CT reconstruction. Experiments show that our methods can obtain higher PSNR and SSIM compared to the Parker-weighted conventional fan-beam algorithm and the FDK algorithm for super-short-scan trajectories.      
### 29.A Review of Artificial Intelligence Technologies for Early Prediction of Alzheimer's Disease  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01781.pdf)
>  Alzheimer's Disease (AD) is a severe brain disorder, destroying memories and brain functions. AD causes chronically, progressively, and irreversibly cognitive declination and brain damages. The reliable and effective evaluation of early dementia has become essential research with medical imaging technologies and computer-aided algorithms. This trend has moved to modern Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies motivated by deeplearning success in image classification and natural language processing. The purpose of this review is to provide an overview of the latest research involving deep-learning algorithms in evaluating the process of dementia, diagnosing the early stage of AD, and discussing an outlook for this research. This review introduces various applications of modern AI algorithms in AD diagnosis, including Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), Recurrent Neural Network (RNN), Automatic Image Segmentation, Autoencoder, Graph CNN (GCN), Ensemble Learning, and Transfer Learning. The advantages and disadvantages of the proposed methods and their performance are discussed. The conclusion section summarizes the primary contributions and medical imaging preprocessing techniques applied in the reviewed research. Finally, we discuss the limitations and future outlooks.      
### 30.AutoDropout: Learning Dropout Patterns to Regularize Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01761.pdf)
>  Neural networks are often over-parameterized and hence benefit from aggressive regularization. Conventional regularization methods, such as Dropout or weight decay, do not leverage the structures of the network's inputs and hidden states. As a result, these conventional methods are less effective than methods that leverage the structures, such as SpatialDropout and DropBlock, which randomly drop the values at certain contiguous areas in the hidden states and setting them to zero. Although the locations of dropout areas random, the patterns of SpatialDropout and DropBlock are manually designed and fixed. Here we propose to learn the dropout patterns. In our method, a controller learns to generate a dropout pattern at every channel and layer of a target network, such as a ConvNet or a Transformer. The target network is then trained with the dropout pattern, and its resulting validation performance is used as a signal for the controller to learn from. We show that this method works well for both image recognition on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet, as well as language modeling on Penn Treebank and WikiText-2. The learned dropout patterns also transfers to different tasks and datasets, such as from language model on Penn Treebank to Engligh-French translation on WMT 2014. Our code will be available.      
