# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 14 Jan 2021
### 1.Hand-Based Person Identification using Global and Part-Aware Deep Feature Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05260.pdf)
>  In cases of serious crime, including sexual abuse, often the only available information with demonstrated potential for identification is images of the hands. Since this evidence is captured in uncontrolled situations, it is difficult to analyse. As global approaches to feature comparison are limited in this case, it is important to extend to consider local information. In this work, we propose hand-based person identification by learning both global and local deep feature representation. Our proposed method, Global and Part-Aware Network (GPA-Net), creates global and local branches on the conv-layer for learning robust discriminative global and part-level features. For learning the local (part-level) features, we perform uniform partitioning on the conv-layer in both horizontal and vertical directions. We retrieve the parts by conducting a soft partition without explicitly partitioning the images or requiring external cues such as pose estimation. We make extensive evaluations on two large multi-ethnic and publicly available hand datasets, demonstrating that our proposed method significantly outperforms competing approaches.      
### 2.Robust CUR Decomposition: Theory and Imaging Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05231.pdf)
>  This paper considers the use of Robust PCA in a CUR decomposition framework and applications thereof. Our main algorithms produce a robust version of column-row factorizations of matrices $\mathbf{D}=\mathbf{L}+\mathbf{S}$ where $\mathbf{L}$ is low-rank and $\mathbf{S}$ contains sparse outliers. These methods yield interpretable factorizations at low computational cost, and provide new CUR decompositions that are robust to sparse outliers, in contrast to previous methods. We consider two key imaging applications of Robust PCA: video foreground-background separation and face modeling. This paper examines the qualitative behavior of our Robust CUR decompositions on the benchmark videos and face datasets, and find that our method works as well as standard Robust PCA while being significantly faster. Additionally, we consider hybrid randomized and deterministic sampling methods which produce a compact CUR decomposition of a given matrix, and apply this to video sequences to produce canonical frames thereof.      
### 3.On the human-recognizability phenomenon of adversarially trained deep image classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05219.pdf)
>  In this work, we investigate the phenomenon that robust image classifiers have human-recognizable features -- often referred to as interpretability -- as revealed through the input gradients of their score functions and their subsequent adversarial perturbations. In particular, we demonstrate that state-of-the-art methods for adversarial training incorporate two terms -- one that orients the decision boundary via minimizing the expected loss, and another that induces smoothness of the classifier's decision surface by penalizing the local Lipschitz constant. Through this demonstration, we provide a unified discussion of gradient and Jacobian-based regularizers that have been used to encourage adversarial robustness in prior works. Following this discussion, we give qualitative evidence that the coupling of smoothness and orientation of the decision boundary is sufficient to induce the aforementioned human-recognizability phenomenon.      
### 4.AttentionLite: Towards Efficient Self-Attention Models for Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05216.pdf)
>  We propose a novel framework for producing a class of parameter and compute efficient models called AttentionLitesuitable for resource-constrained applications. Prior work has primarily focused on optimizing models either via knowledge distillation or pruning. In addition to fusing these two mechanisms, our joint optimization framework also leverages recent advances in self-attention as a substitute for convolutions. We can simultaneously distill knowledge from a compute-heavy teacher while also pruning the student model in a single pass of training thereby reducing training and fine-tuning times considerably. We evaluate the merits of our proposed approach on the CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and Tiny-ImageNet datasets. Not only do our AttentionLite models significantly outperform their unoptimized counterparts in accuracy, we find that in some cases, that they perform almost as well as their compute-heavy teachers while consuming only a fraction of the parameters and FLOPs. Concretely, AttentionLite models can achieve upto30x parameter efficiency and 2x computation efficiency with no significant accuracy drop compared to their teacher.      
### 5.Indonesian ID Card Extractor Using Optical Character Recognition and Natural Language Post-Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05214.pdf)
>  The development of Information Technology has been increasingly changing the means of information exchange leading to the need of digitizing print documents. In the present era, there is a lot of fraud that often occur. To avoid account fraud there was verification using ID card extraction using OCR and NLP. Optical Character Recognition (OCR) is technology that used to generate text from image. With OCR we can extract Indonesian ID card or kartu tanda penduduk (KTP) into text too. This is using to make easier service operator to do data entry. To improve the accuracy we made text correction using Natural language Processing (NLP) method to fixing the text. With 50 Indonesian ID card image we got 0.78 F-score, and we need 4510 milliseconds to extract per ID card.      
### 6.Ellipse Regression with Predicted Uncertainties for Accurate Multi-View 3D Object Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05212.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural network (CNN) based architectures, such as Mask R-CNN, constitute the state of the art in object detection and segmentation. Recently, these methods have been extended for model-based segmentation where the network outputs the parameters of a geometric model (e.g. an ellipse) directly. This work considers objects whose three-dimensional models can be represented as ellipsoids. We present a variant of Mask R-CNN for estimating the parameters of ellipsoidal objects by segmenting each object and accurately regressing the parameters of projection ellipses. We show that model regression is sensitive to the underlying occlusion scenario and that prediction quality for each object needs to be characterized individually for accurate 3D object estimation. We present a novel ellipse regression loss which can learn the offset parameters with their uncertainties and quantify the overall geometric quality of detection for each ellipse. These values, in turn, allow us to fuse multi-view detections to obtain 3D ellipsoid parameters in a principled fashion. The experiments on both synthetic and real datasets quantitatively demonstrate the high accuracy of our proposed method in estimating 3D objects under heavy occlusions compared to previous state-of-the-art methods.      
### 7.Image Steganography based on Iteratively Adversarial Samples of A Synchronized-directions Sub-image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05209.pdf)
>  Nowadays a steganography has to face challenges of both feature based staganalysis and convolutional neural network (CNN) based steganalysis. In this paper, we present a novel steganography scheme denoted as ITE-SYN (based on ITEratively adversarial perturbations onto a SYNchronized-directions sub-image), by which security data is embedded with synchronizing modification directions to enhance security and then iteratively increased perturbations are added onto a sub-image to reduce loss with cover class label of the target CNN classifier. Firstly an exist steganographic function is employed to compute initial costs. Then the cover image is decomposed into some non-overlapped sub-images. After each sub-image is embedded, costs will be adjusted following clustering modification directions profile. And then the next sub-image will be embedded with adjusted costs until all secret data has been embedded. If the target CNN classifier does not discriminate the stego image as a cover image, based on adjusted costs, we change costs with adversarial manners according to signs of gradients back-propagated from the CNN classifier. And then a sub-image is chosen to be re-embedded with changed costs. Adversarial intensity will be iteratively increased until the adversarial stego image can fool the target CNN classifier. Experiments demonstrate that the proposed method effectively enhances security to counter both conventional feature-based classifiers and CNN classifiers, even other non-target CNN classifiers.      
### 8.Efficient Object-Level Visual Context Modeling for Multimodal Machine Translation: Masking Irrelevant Objects Helps Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05208.pdf)
>  Visual context provides grounding information for multimodal machine translation (MMT). However, previous MMT models and probing studies on visual features suggest that visual information is less explored in MMT as it is often redundant to textual information. In this paper, we propose an object-level visual context modeling framework (OVC) to efficiently capture and explore visual information for multimodal machine translation. With detected objects, the proposed OVC encourages MMT to ground translation on desirable visual objects by masking irrelevant objects in the visual modality. We equip the proposed with an additional object-masking loss to achieve this goal. The object-masking loss is estimated according to the similarity between masked objects and the source texts so as to encourage masking source-irrelevant objects. Additionally, in order to generate vision-consistent target words, we further propose a vision-weighted translation loss for OVC. Experiments on MMT datasets demonstrate that the proposed OVC model outperforms state-of-the-art MMT models and analyses show that masking irrelevant objects helps grounding in MMT.      
### 9.Automated 3D cephalometric landmark identification using computerized tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05205.pdf)
>  Identification of 3D cephalometric landmarks that serve as proxy to the shape of human skull is the fundamental step in cephalometric analysis. Since manual landmarking from 3D computed tomography (CT) images is a cumbersome task even for the trained experts, automatic 3D landmark detection system is in a great need. Recently, automatic landmarking of 2D cephalograms using deep learning (DL) has achieved great success, but 3D landmarking for more than 80 landmarks has not yet reached a satisfactory level, because of the factors hindering machine learning such as the high dimensionality of the input data and limited amount of training data due to ethical restrictions on the use of medical data. This paper presents a semi-supervised DL method for 3D landmarking that takes advantage of anonymized landmark dataset with paired CT data being removed. The proposed method first detects a small number of easy-to-find reference landmarks, then uses them to provide a rough estimation of the entire landmarks by utilizing the low dimensional representation learned by variational autoencoder (VAE). Anonymized landmark dataset is used for training the VAE. Finally, coarse-to-fine detection is applied to the small bounding box provided by rough estimation, using separate strategies suitable for mandible and cranium. For mandibular landmarks, patch-based 3D CNN is applied to the segmented image of the mandible (separated from the maxilla), in order to capture 3D morphological features of mandible associated with the landmarks. We detect 6 landmarks around the condyle all at once, instead of one by one, because they are closely related to each other. For cranial landmarks, we again use VAE-based latent representation for more accurate annotation. In our experiment, the proposed method achieved an averaged 3D point-to-point error of 2.91 mm for 90 landmarks only with 15 paired training data.      
### 10.Neural Volume Rendering: NeRF And Beyond  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05204.pdf)
>  Besides the COVID-19 pandemic and political upheaval in the US, 2020 was also the year in which neural volume rendering exploded onto the scene, triggered by the impressive NeRF paper by Mildenhall et al. (2020). Both of us have tried to capture this excitement, Frank on a blog post (Dellaert, 2020) and Yen-Chen in a Github collection (Yen-Chen, 2020). This note is an annotated bibliography of the relevant papers, and we posted the associated bibtex file on the repository.      
### 11.MHT-X: Offline Multiple Hypothesis Tracking with Algorithm X  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05202.pdf)
>  An efficient and versatile implementation of offline multiple hypothesis tracking with Algorithm X for optimal association search was developed using Python. The code is intended for scientific applications that do not require online processing. Directed graph framework is used and multiple scans with progressively increasing time window width are used for edge construction for maximum likelihood trajectories. The current version of the code was developed for applications in multiphase hydrodynamics, e.g. bubble and particle tracking, and is capable of resolving object motion, merges and splits. Feasible object associations and trajectory graph edge likelihoods are determined using weak mass and momentum conservation laws translated to statistical functions for object properties. The code is compatible with n-dimensional motion with arbitrarily many tracked object properties. This framework is easily extendable beyond the present application by replacing the currently used heuristics with ones more appropriate for the problem at hand. The code is open-source and will be continuously developed further.      
### 12.OpenHPS: An Open Source Hybrid Positioning System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05198.pdf)
>  Positioning systems and frameworks use various techniques to determine the position of an object. Some of the existing solutions combine different sensory data at the time of positioning in order to compute more accurate positions by reducing the error introduced by the used individual positioning techniques. We present OpenHPS, a generic hybrid positioning system implemented in TypeScript, that can not only reduce the error during tracking by fusing different sensory data based on different algorithms, but also also make use of combined tracking techniques when calibrating or training the system. In addition to a detailed discussion of the architecture, features and implementation of the extensible open source OpenHPS framework, we illustrate the use of our solution in a demonstrator application fusing different positioning techniques. While OpenHPS offers a number of positioning techniques, future extensions might integrate new positioning methods or algorithms and support additional levels of abstraction including symbolic locations.      
### 13.Memory-Augmented Reinforcement Learning for Image-Goal Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05181.pdf)
>  In this work, we address the problem of image-goal navigation in the context of visually-realistic 3D environments. This task involves navigating to a location indicated by a target image in a previously unseen environment. Earlier attempts, including RL-based and SLAM-based approaches, have either shown poor generalization performance, or are heavily-reliant on pose/depth sensors. We present a novel method that leverages a cross-episode memory to learn to navigate. We first train a state-embedding network in a self-supervised fashion, and then use it to embed previously-visited states into a memory. In order to avoid overfitting, we propose to use data augmentation on the RGB input during training. We validate our approach through extensive evaluations, showing that our data-augmented memory-based model establishes a new state of the art on the image-goal navigation task in the challenging Gibson dataset. We obtain this competitive performance from RGB input only, without access to additional sensors such as position or depth.      
### 14.This Face Does Not Exist ... But It Might Be Yours! Identity Leakage in Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05084.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) are able to generate high resolution photo-realistic images of objects that "do not exist." These synthetic images are rather difficult to detect as fake. However, the manner in which these generative models are trained hints at a potential for information leakage from the supplied training data, especially in the context of synthetic faces. This paper presents experiments suggesting that identity information in face images can flow from the training corpus into synthetic samples without any adversarial actions when building or using the existing model. This raises privacy-related questions, but also stimulates discussions of (a) the face manifold's characteristics in the feature space and (b) how to create generative models that do not inadvertently reveal identity information of real subjects whose images were used for training. We used five different face matchers (face_recognition, FaceNet, ArcFace, SphereFace and Neurotechnology MegaMatcher) and the StyleGAN2 synthesis model, and show that this identity leakage does exist for some, but not all methods. So, can we say that these synthetically generated faces truly do not exist? Databases of real and synthetically generated faces are made available with this paper to allow full replicability of the results discussed in this work.      
### 15.Deep Learning Approach Combining Lightweight CNN Architecture with Transfer Learning: An Automatic Approach for the Detection and Recognition of Bangladeshi Banknotes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05081.pdf)
>  Automatic detection and recognition of banknotes can be a very useful technology for people with visual difficulties and also for the banks itself by providing efficient management for handling different paper currencies. Lightweight models can easily be integrated into any handy IoT based gadgets/devices. This article presents our experiments on several state-of-the-art deep learning methods based on Lightweight Convolutional Neural Network architectures combining with transfer learning. ResNet152v2, MobileNet, and NASNetMobile were used as the base models with two different datasets containing Bangladeshi banknote images. The Bangla Currency dataset has 8000 Bangladeshi banknote images where the Bangla Money dataset consists of 1970 images. The performances of the models were measured using both the datasets and the combination of the two datasets. In order to achieve maximum efficiency, we used various augmentations, hyperparameter tuning, and optimizations techniques. We have achieved maximum test accuracy of 98.88\% on 8000 images dataset using MobileNet, 100\% on the 1970 images dataset using NASNetMobile, and 97.77\% on the combined dataset (9970 images) using MobileNet.      
### 16.Restyling Images with the Bangladeshi Paintings Using Neural Style Transfer: A Comprehensive Experiment, Evaluation, and Human Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05077.pdf)
>  In today's world, Neural Style Transfer (NST) has become a trendsetting term. NST combines two pictures, a content picture and a reference image in style (such as the work of a renowned painter) in a way that makes the output image look like an image of the material, but rendered with the form of a reference picture. However, there is no study using the artwork or painting of Bangladeshi painters. Bangladeshi painting has a long history of more than two thousand years and is still being practiced by Bangladeshi painters. This study generates NST stylized image on Bangladeshi paintings and analyzes the human point of view regarding the aesthetic preference of NST on Bangladeshi paintings. To assure our study's acceptance, we performed qualitative human evaluations on generated stylized images by 60 individual humans of different age and gender groups. We have explained how NST works for Bangladeshi paintings and assess NST algorithms, both qualitatively \&amp; quantitatively. Our study acts as a pre-requisite for the impact of NST stylized image using Bangladeshi paintings on mobile UI/GUI and material translation from the human perspective. We hope that this study will encourage new collaborations to create more NST related studies and expand the use of Bangladeshi artworks.      
### 17.Formatting the Landscape: Spatial conditional GAN for varying population in satellite imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05069.pdf)
>  Climate change is expected to reshuffle the settlement landscape: forcing people in affected areas to migrate, to change their lifeways, and continuing to affect demographic change throughout the world. Changes to the geographic distribution of population will have dramatic impacts on land use and land cover and thus constitute one of the major challenges of planning for climate change scenarios. In this paper, we explore a generative model framework for generating satellite imagery conditional on gridded population distributions. We make additions to the existing ALAE architecture, creating a spatially conditional version: SCALAE. This method allows us to explicitly disentangle population from the model's latent space and thus input custom population forecasts into the generated imagery. We postulate that such imagery could then be directly used for land cover and land use change estimation using existing frameworks, as well as for realistic visualisation of expected local change. We evaluate the model by comparing pixel and semantic reconstructions, as well as calculate the standard FID metric. The results suggest the model captures population distributions accurately and delivers a controllable method to generate realistic satellite imagery.      
### 18.Probabilistic Embeddings for Cross-Modal Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05068.pdf)
>  Cross-modal retrieval methods build a common representation space for samples from multiple modalities, typically from the vision and the language domains. For images and their captions, the multiplicity of the correspondences makes the task particularly challenging. Given an image (respectively a caption), there are multiple captions (respectively images) that equally make sense. In this paper, we argue that deterministic functions are not sufficiently powerful to capture such one-to-many correspondences. Instead, we propose to use Probabilistic Cross-Modal Embedding (PCME), where samples from the different modalities are represented as probabilistic distributions in the common embedding space. Since common benchmarks such as COCO suffer from non-exhaustive annotations for cross-modal matches, we propose to additionally evaluate retrieval on the CUB dataset, a smaller yet clean database where all possible image-caption pairs are annotated. We extensively ablate PCME and demonstrate that it not only improves the retrieval performance over its deterministic counterpart, but also provides uncertainty estimates that render the embeddings more interpretable.      
### 19.Laser Data Based Automatic Generation of Lane-Level Road Map for Intelligent Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05066.pdf)
>  With the development of intelligent vehicle systems, a high-precision road map is increasingly needed in many aspects. The automatic lane lines extraction and modeling are the most essential steps for the generation of a precise lane-level road map. In this paper, an automatic lane-level road map generation system is proposed. To extract the road markings on the ground, the multi-region Otsu thresholding method is applied, which calculates the intensity value of laser data that maximizes the variance between background and road markings. The extracted road marking points are then projected to the raster image and clustered using a two-stage clustering algorithm. Lane lines are subsequently recognized from these clusters by the shape features of their minimum bounding rectangle. To ensure the storage efficiency of the map, the lane lines are approximated to cubic polynomial curves using a Bayesian estimation approach. The proposed lane-level road map generation system has been tested on urban and expressway conditions in Hefei, China. The experimental results on the datasets show that our method can achieve excellent extraction and clustering effect, and the fitted lines can reach a high position accuracy with an error of less than 10 cm      
### 20.Understanding Action Sequences based on Video Captioning for Learning-from-Observation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05061.pdf)
>  Learning actions from human demonstration video is promising for intelligent robotic systems. Extracting the exact section and re-observing the extracted video section in detail is important for imitating complex skills because human motions give valuable hints for robots. However, the general video understanding methods focus more on the understanding of the full frame,lacking consideration on extracting accurate sections and aligning them with the human's intent. We propose a Learning-from-Observation framework that splits and understands a video of a human demonstration with verbal instructions to extract accurate action sequences. The splitting is done based on local minimum points of the hand velocity, which align human daily-life actions with object-centered face contact transitions required for generating robot motion. Then, we extract a motion description on the split videos using video captioning techniques that are trained from our new daily-life action video dataset. Finally, we match the motion descriptions with the verbal instructions to understand the correct human intent and ignore the unintended actions inside the video. We evaluate the validity of hand velocity-based video splitting and demonstrate that it is effective. The experimental results on our new video captioning dataset focusing on daily-life human actions demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. The source code, trained models, and the dataset will be made available.      
### 21.Video action recognition for lane-change classification and prediction of surrounding vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05043.pdf)
>  In highway scenarios, an alert human driver will typically anticipate early cut-in/cut-out maneuvers of surrounding vehicles using visual cues mainly. Autonomous vehicles must anticipate these situations at an early stage too, to increase their safety and efficiency. In this work, lane-change recognition and prediction tasks are posed as video action recognition problems. Up to four different two-stream-based approaches, that have been successfully applied to address human action recognition, are adapted here by stacking visual cues from forward-looking video cameras to recognize and anticipate lane-changes of target vehicles. We study the influence of context and observation horizons on performance, and different prediction horizons are analyzed. The different models are trained and evaluated using the PREVENTION dataset. The obtained results clearly demonstrate the potential of these methodologies to serve as robust predictors of future lane-changes of surrounding vehicles proving an accuracy higher than 90% in time horizons of between 1-2 seconds.      
### 22.Estimating and Evaluating Regression Predictive Uncertainty in Deep Object Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05036.pdf)
>  Predictive uncertainty estimation is an essential next step for the reliable deployment of deep object detectors in safety-critical tasks. In this work, we focus on estimating predictive distributions for bounding box regression output with variance networks. We show that in the context of object detection, training variance networks with negative log likelihood (NLL) can lead to high entropy predictive distributions regardless of the correctness of the output mean. We propose to use the energy score as a non-local proper scoring rule and find that when used for training, the energy score leads to better calibrated and lower entropy predictive distributions than NLL. We also address the widespread use of non-proper scoring metrics for evaluating predictive distributions from deep object detectors by proposing an alternate evaluation approach founded on proper scoring rules. Using the proposed evaluation tools, we show that although variance networks can be used to produce high quality predictive distributions, ad-hoc approaches used by seminal object detectors for choosing regression targets during training do not provide wide enough data support for reliable variance learning. We hope that our work helps shift evaluation in probabilistic object detection to better align with predictive uncertainty evaluation in other machine learning domains. Code for all models, evaluation, and datasets is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/asharakeh/probdet.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.Re-labeling ImageNet: from Single to Multi-Labels, from Global to Localized Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05022.pdf)
>  ImageNet has been arguably the most popular image classification benchmark, but it is also the one with a significant level of label noise. Recent studies have shown that many samples contain multiple classes, despite being assumed to be a single-label benchmark. They have thus proposed to turn ImageNet evaluation into a multi-label task, with exhaustive multi-label annotations per image. However, they have not fixed the training set, presumably because of a formidable annotation cost. We argue that the mismatch between single-label annotations and effectively multi-label images is equally, if not more, problematic in the training setup, where random crops are applied. With the single-label annotations, a random crop of an image may contain an entirely different object from the ground truth, introducing noisy or even incorrect supervision during training. We thus re-label the ImageNet training set with multi-labels. We address the annotation cost barrier by letting a strong image classifier, trained on an extra source of data, generate the multi-labels. We utilize the pixel-wise multi-label predictions before the final pooling layer, in order to exploit the additional location-specific supervision signals. Training on the re-labeled samples results in improved model performances across the board. ResNet-50 attains the top-1 classification accuracy of 78.9% on ImageNet with our localized multi-labels, which can be further boosted to 80.2% with the CutMix regularization. We show that the models trained with localized multi-labels also outperforms the baselines on transfer learning to object detection and instance segmentation tasks, and various robustness benchmarks. The re-labeled ImageNet training set, pre-trained weights, and the source code are available at {<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/naver-ai/relabel_imagenet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 24.Learning to Focus: Cascaded Feature Matching Network for Few-shot Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05018.pdf)
>  Deep networks can learn to accurately recognize objects of a category by training on a large number of annotated images. However, a meta-learning challenge known as a low-shot image recognition task comes when only a few images with annotations are available for learning a recognition model for one category. The objects in testing/query and training/support images are likely to be different in size, location, style, and so on. Our method, called Cascaded Feature Matching Network (CFMN), is proposed to solve this problem. We train the meta-learner to learn a more fine-grained and adaptive deep distance metric by focusing more on the features that have high correlations between compared images by the feature matching block which can align associated features together and naturally ignore those non-discriminative features. By applying the proposed feature matching block in different layers of the few-shot recognition network, multi-scale information among the compared images can be incorporated into the final cascaded matching feature, which boosts the recognition performance further and generalizes better by learning on relationships. The experiments for few-shot learning on two standard datasets, \emph{mini}ImageNet and Omniglot, have confirmed the effectiveness of our method. Besides, the multi-label few-shot task is first studied on a new data split of COCO which further shows the superiority of the proposed feature matching network when performing few-shot learning in complex images. The code will be made publicly available.      
### 25.Machine learning approach for biopsy-based identification of eosinophilic esophagitis reveals importance of global features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04989.pdf)
>  Goal: Eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) is an allergic inflammatory condition characterized by eosinophil accumulation in the esophageal mucosa. EoE diagnosis includes a manual assessment of eosinophil levels in mucosal biopsies - a time-consuming, laborious task that is difficult to standardize. One of the main challenges in automating this process, like many other biopsy-based diagnostics, is detecting features that are small relative to the size of the biopsy. Results: In this work, we utilized hematoxylin- and eosin-stained slides from esophageal biopsies from patients with active EoE and control subjects to develop a platform based on a deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) that can classify esophageal biopsies with an accuracy of 85%, sensitivity of 82.5%, and specificity of 87%. Moreover, by combining several downscaling and cropping strategies, we show that some of the features contributing to the correct classification are global rather than specific, local features. Conclusions: We report the ability of artificial intelligence to identify EoE using computer vision analysis of esophageal biopsy slides. Further, the DCNN features associated with EoE are based on not only local eosinophils but also global histologic changes. Our approach can be used for other conditions that rely on biopsy-based histologic diagnostics.      
### 26.Large scale deduplication based on fingerprints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04976.pdf)
>  In fingerprint-based systems, the size of databases increases considerably with population growth. In developing countries, because of the difficulty in using a central system when enlisting voters, it often happens that several regional voter databases are created and then merged to form a central database. A process is used to remove duplicates and ensure uniqueness by voter. Until now, companies specializing in biometrics use several costly computing servers with algorithms to perform large-scale deduplication based on fingerprints. These algorithms take a considerable time because of their complexity in O (n2), where n is the size of the database. This article presents an algorithm that can perform this operation in O (2n), with just a computer. It is based on the development of an index obtained using a 5 * 5 matrix performed on each fingerprint. This index makes it possible to build clusters of O (1) in size in order to compare fingerprints. This approach has been evaluated using close to 11 4000 fingerprints, and the results obtained show that this approach allows a penetration rate of less than 1%, an almost O (1) identification, and an O (n) deduplication. A base of 10 000 000 fingerprints can be deduplicated with a just computer in less than two hours, contrary to several days and servers for the usual tools. <br>Keywords: fingerprint, cluster, index, deduplication.      
### 27.ABS: Automatic Bit Sharing for Model Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04935.pdf)
>  We present Automatic Bit Sharing (ABS) to automatically search for optimal model compression configurations (e.g., pruning ratio and bitwidth). Unlike previous works that consider model pruning and quantization separately, we seek to optimize them jointly. To deal with the resultant large designing space, we propose a novel super-bit model, a single-path method, to encode all candidate compression configurations, rather than maintaining separate paths for each configuration. Specifically, we first propose a novel decomposition of quantization that encapsulates all the candidate bitwidths in the search space. Starting from a low bitwidth, we sequentially consider higher bitwidths by recursively adding re-assignment offsets. We then introduce learnable binary gates to encode the choice of bitwidth, including filter-wise 0-bit for pruning. By jointly training the binary gates in conjunction with network parameters, the compression configurations of each layer can be automatically determined. Our ABS brings two benefits for model compression: 1) It avoids the combinatorially large design space, with a reduced number of trainable parameters and search costs. 2) It also averts directly fitting an extremely low bit quantizer to the data, hence greatly reducing the optimization difficulty due to the non-differentiable quantization. Experiments on CIFAR-100 and ImageNet show that our methods achieve significant computational cost reduction while preserving promising performance.      
### 28.Supervised deep learning of elastic SRV distances on the shape space of curves  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04929.pdf)
>  Motivated by applications from computer vision to bioinformatics, the field of shape analysis deals with problems where one wants to analyze geometric objects, such as curves, while ignoring actions that preserve their shape, such as translations, rotations, or reparametrizations. Mathematical tools have been developed to define notions of distances, averages, and optimal deformations for geometric objects. One such framework, which has proven to be successful in many applications, is based on the square root velocity (SRV) transform, which allows one to define a computable distance between spatial curves regardless of how they are parametrized. This paper introduces a supervised deep learning framework for the direct computation of SRV distances between curves, which usually requires an optimization over the group of reparametrizations that act on the curves. The benefits of our approach in terms of computational speed and accuracy are illustrated via several numerical experiments.      
### 29.Road images augmentation with synthetic traffic signs using neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04927.pdf)
>  Traffic sign recognition is a well-researched problem in computer vision. However, the state of the art methods works only for frequent sign classes, which are well represented in training datasets. We consider the task of rare traffic sign detection and classification. We aim to solve that problem by using synthetic training data. Such training data is obtained by embedding synthetic images of signs in the real photos. We propose three methods for making synthetic signs consistent with a scene in appearance. These methods are based on modern generative adversarial network (GAN) architectures. Our proposed methods allow realistic embedding of rare traffic sign classes that are absent in the training set. We adapt a variational autoencoder for sampling plausible locations of new traffic signs in images. We demonstrate that using a mixture of our synthetic data with real data improves the accuracy of both classifier and detector.      
### 30.Learning to Anticipate Egocentric Actions by Imagination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04924.pdf)
>  Anticipating actions before they are executed is crucial for a wide range of practical applications, including autonomous driving and robotics. In this paper, we study the egocentric action anticipation task, which predicts future action seconds before it is performed for egocentric videos. Previous approaches focus on summarizing the observed content and directly predicting future action based on past observations. We believe it would benefit the action anticipation if we could mine some cues to compensate for the missing information of the unobserved frames. We then propose to decompose the action anticipation into a series of future feature predictions. We imagine how the visual feature changes in the near future and then predicts future action labels based on these imagined representations. Differently, our ImagineRNN is optimized in a contrastive learning way instead of feature regression. We utilize a proxy task to train the ImagineRNN, i.e., selecting the correct future states from distractors. We further improve ImagineRNN by residual anticipation, i.e., changing its target to predicting the feature difference of adjacent frames instead of the frame content. This promotes the network to focus on our target, i.e., the future action, as the difference between adjacent frame features is more important for forecasting the future. Extensive experiments on two large-scale egocentric action datasets validate the effectiveness of our method. Our method significantly outperforms previous methods on both the seen test set and the unseen test set of the EPIC Kitchens Action Anticipation Challenge.      
### 31.COVID-19 Deterioration Prediction via Self-Supervised Representation Learning and Multi-Image Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04909.pdf)
>  The rapid spread of COVID-19 cases in recent months has strained hospital resources, making rapid and accurate triage of patients presenting to emergency departments a necessity. Machine learning techniques using clinical data such as chest X-rays have been used to predict which patients are most at risk of deterioration. We consider the task of predicting two types of patient deterioration based on chest X-rays: adverse event deterioration (i.e., transfer to the intensive care unit, intubation, or mortality) and increased oxygen requirements beyond 6 L per day. Due to the relative scarcity of COVID-19 patient data, existing solutions leverage supervised pretraining on related non-COVID images, but this is limited by the differences between the pretraining data and the target COVID-19 patient data. In this paper, we use self-supervised learning based on the momentum contrast (MoCo) method in the pretraining phase to learn more general image representations to use for downstream tasks. We present three results. The first is deterioration prediction from a single image, where our model achieves an area under receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) of 0.742 for predicting an adverse event within 96 hours (compared to 0.703 with supervised pretraining) and an AUC of 0.765 for predicting oxygen requirements greater than 6 L a day at 24 hours (compared to 0.749 with supervised pretraining). We then propose a new transformer-based architecture that can process sequences of multiple images for prediction and show that this model can achieve an improved AUC of 0.786 for predicting an adverse event at 96 hours and an AUC of 0.848 for predicting mortalities at 96 hours. A small pilot clinical study suggested that the prediction accuracy of our model is comparable to that of experienced radiologists analyzing the same information.      
### 32.EEC: Learning to Encode and Regenerate Images for Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04904.pdf)
>  The two main impediments to continual learning are catastrophic forgetting and memory limitations on the storage of data. To cope with these challenges, we propose a novel, cognitively-inspired approach which trains autoencoders with Neural Style Transfer to encode and store images. During training on a new task, reconstructed images from encoded episodes are replayed in order to avoid catastrophic forgetting. The loss function for the reconstructed images is weighted to reduce its effect during classifier training to cope with image degradation. When the system runs out of memory the encoded episodes are converted into centroids and covariance matrices, which are used to generate pseudo-images during classifier training, keeping classifier performance stable while using less memory. Our approach increases classification accuracy by 13-17% over state-of-the-art methods on benchmark datasets, while requiring 78% less storage space.      
### 33.Piano Skills Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04884.pdf)
>  Can a computer determine a piano player's skill level? Is it preferable to base this assessment on visual analysis of the player's performance or should we trust our ears over our eyes? Since current CNNs have difficulty processing long video videos, how can shorter clips be sampled to best reflect the players skill level? In this work, we collect and release a first-of-its-kind dataset for multimodal skill assessment focusing on assessing piano player's skill level, answer the asked questions, initiate work in automated evaluation of piano playing skills and provide baselines for future work.      
### 34.Feature refinement: An expression-specific feature learning and fusion method for micro-expression recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04838.pdf)
>  Micro-Expression Recognition has become challenging, as it is extremely difficult to extract the subtle facial changes of micro-expressions. Recently, several approaches proposed several expression-shared features algorithms for micro-expression recognition. However, they do not reveal the specific discriminative characteristics, which lead to sub-optimal performance. This paper proposes a novel Feature Refinement ({FR}) with expression-specific feature learning and fusion for micro-expression recognition. It aims to obtain salient and discriminative features for specific expressions and also predict expression by fusing the expression-specific features. FR consists of an expression proposal module with attention mechanism and a classification branch. First, an inception module is designed based on optical flow to obtain expression-shared features. Second, in order to extract salient and discriminative features for specific expression, expression-shared features are fed into an expression proposal module with attention factors and proposal loss. Last, in the classification branch, labels of categories are predicted by a fusion of the expression-specific features. Experiments on three publicly available databases validate the effectiveness of FR under different protocol. Results on public benchmarks demonstrate that our FR provides salient and discriminative information for micro-expression recognition. The results also show our FR achieves better or competitive performance with the existing state-of-the-art methods on micro-expression recognition.      
### 35.Urban land-use analysis using proximate sensing imagery: a survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04827.pdf)
>  Urban regions are complicated functional systems that are closely associated with and reshaped by human activities. The propagation of online geographic information-sharing platforms and mobile devices equipped with Global Positioning System (GPS) greatly proliferates proximate sensing images taken near or on the ground at a close distance to urban targets. Studies leveraging proximate sensing imagery have demonstrated great potential to address the need for local data in urban land-use analysis. This paper reviews and summarizes the state-of-the-art methods and publicly available datasets from proximate sensing to support land-use analysis. We identify several research problems in the perspective of examples to support training of models and means of integrating diverse data sets. Our discussions highlight the challenges, strategies, and opportunities faced by the existing methods using proximate sensing imagery in urban land-use studies.      
### 36.Digital Elevation Model enhancement using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04812.pdf)
>  We demonstrate high fidelity enhancement of planetary digital elevation models (DEMs) using optical images and deep learning with convolutional neural networks. Enhancement can be applied recursively to the limit of available optical data, representing a 90x resolution improvement in global Mars DEMs. Deep learning-based photoclinometry robustly recovers features obscured by non-ideal lighting conditions. Method can be automated at global scale. Analysis shows enhanced DEM slope errors are comparable with high resolution maps using conventional, labor intensive methods.      
### 37.Binary TTC: A Temporal Geofence for Autonomous Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04777.pdf)
>  Time-to-contact (TTC), the time for an object to collide with the observer's plane, is a powerful tool for path planning: it is potentially more informative than the depth, velocity, and acceleration of objects in the scene -- even for humans. TTC presents several advantages, including requiring only a monocular, uncalibrated camera. However, regressing TTC for each pixel is not straightforward, and most existing methods make over-simplifying assumptions about the scene. We address this challenge by estimating TTC via a series of simpler, binary classifications. We predict with low latency whether the observer will collide with an obstacle within a certain time, which is often more critical than knowing exact, per-pixel TTC. For such scenarios, our method offers a temporal geofence in 6.4 ms -- over 25x faster than existing methods. Our approach can also estimate per-pixel TTC with arbitrarily fine quantization (including continuous values), when the computational budget allows for it. To the best of our knowledge, our method is the first to offer TTC information (binary or coarsely quantized) at sufficiently high frame-rates for practical use.      
### 38.Towards Faster and Stabilized GAN Training for High-fidelity Few-shot Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04775.pdf)
>  Training Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) on high-fidelity images usually requires large-scale GPU-clusters and a vast number of training images. In this paper, we study the few-shot image synthesis task for GAN with minimum computing cost. We propose a light-weight GAN structure that gains superior quality on 1024*1024 resolution. Notably, the model converges from scratch with just a few hours of training on a single RTX-2080 GPU, and has a consistent performance, even with less than 100 training samples. Two technique designs constitute our work, a skip-layer channel-wise excitation module and a self-supervised discriminator trained as a feature-encoder. With thirteen datasets covering a wide variety of image domains (The datasets and code are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/odegeasslbc/FastGAN-pytorch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>), we show our model's superior performance compared to the state-of-the-art StyleGAN2, when data and computing budget are limited.      
### 39.DuctTake: Spatiotemporal Video Compositing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04772.pdf)
>  DuctTake is a system designed to enable practical compositing of multiple takes of a scene into a single video. Current industry solutions are based around object segmentation, a hard problem that requires extensive manual input and cleanup, making compositing an expensive part of the film-making process. Our method instead composites shots together by finding optimal spatiotemporal seams using motion-compensated 3D graph cuts through the video volume. We describe in detail the required components, decisions, and new techniques that together make a usable, interactive tool for compositing HD video, paying special attention to running time and performance of each section. We validate our approach by presenting a wide variety of examples and by comparing result quality and creation time to composites made by professional artists using current state-of-the-art tools.      
### 40.A Compact Deep Learning Model for Face Spoofing Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04756.pdf)
>  In recent years, face biometric security systems are rapidly increasing, therefore, the presentation attack detection (PAD) has received significant attention from research communities and has become a major field of research. Researchers have tackled the problem with various methods, from exploiting conventional texture feature extraction such as LBP, BSIF, and LPQ to using deep neural networks with different architectures. Despite the results each of these techniques has achieved for a certain attack scenario or dataset, most of them still failed to generalized the problem for unseen conditions, as the efficiency of each is limited to certain type of presentation attacks and instruments (PAI). In this paper, instead of completely extracting hand-crafted texture features or relying only on deep neural networks, we address the problem via fusing both wide and deep features in a unified neural architecture. The main idea is to take advantage of the strength of both methods to derive well-generalized solution for the problem. We also evaluated the effectiveness of our method by comparing the results with each of the mentioned techniques separately. The procedure is done on different spoofing datasets such as ROSE-Youtu, SiW and NUAA Imposter datasets. <br>In particular, we simultanously learn a low dimensional latent space empowered with data-driven features learnt via Convolutional Neural Network designes for spoofing detection task (i.e., deep channel) as well as leverages spoofing detection feature already popular for spoofing in frequency and temporal dimensions ( i.e., via wide channel).      
### 41.CityFlow-NL: Tracking and Retrieval of Vehicles at City Scaleby Natural Language Descriptions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04741.pdf)
>  Natural Language (NL) descriptions can be the most convenient or the only way to interact with systems built to understand and detect city scale traffic patterns and vehicle-related events. In this paper, we extend the widely adopted CityFlow Benchmark with natural language descriptions for vehicle targets and introduce the CityFlow-NL Benchmark. The CityFlow-NL contains more than 5,000 unique and precise NL descriptions of vehicle targets, making it the largest-scale tracking with NL descriptions dataset to our knowledge. Moreover, the dataset facilitates research at the intersection of multi-object tracking, retrieval by NL descriptions, and temporal localization of events.      
### 42.SEED: Self-supervised Distillation For Visual Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04731.pdf)
>  This paper is concerned with self-supervised learning for small models. The problem is motivated by our empirical studies that while the widely used contrastive self-supervised learning method has shown great progress on large model training, it does not work well for small models. To address this problem, we propose a new learning paradigm, named SElf-SupErvised Distillation (SEED), where we leverage a larger network (as Teacher) to transfer its representational knowledge into a smaller architecture (as Student) in a self-supervised fashion. Instead of directly learning from unlabeled data, we train a student encoder to mimic the similarity score distribution inferred by a teacher over a set of instances. We show that SEED dramatically boosts the performance of small networks on downstream tasks. Compared with self-supervised baselines, SEED improves the top-1 accuracy from 42.2% to 67.6% on EfficientNet-B0 and from 36.3% to 68.2% on MobileNet-v3-Large on the ImageNet-1k dataset.      
### 43.Explicit homography estimation improves contrastive self-supervised learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04713.pdf)
>  The typical contrastive self-supervised algorithm uses a similarity measure in latent space as the supervision signal by contrasting positive and negative images directly or indirectly. Although the utility of self-supervised algorithms has improved recently, there are still bottlenecks hindering their widespread use, such as the compute needed. In this paper, we propose a module that serves as an additional objective in the self-supervised contrastive learning paradigm. We show how the inclusion of this module to regress the parameters of an affine transformation or homography, in addition to the original contrastive objective, improves both performance and learning speed. Importantly, we ensure that this module does not enforce invariance to the various components of the affine transform, as this is not always ideal. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the additional objective on two recent, popular self-supervised algorithms. We perform an extensive experimental analysis of the proposed method and show an improvement in performance for all considered datasets. Further, we find that although both the general homography and affine transformation are sufficient to improve performance and convergence, the affine transformation performs better in all cases.      
### 44.Boundary-Aware Segmentation Network for Mobile and Web Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04704.pdf)
>  Although deep models have greatly improved the accuracy and robustness of image segmentation, obtaining segmentation results with highly accurate boundaries and fine structures is still a challenging problem. In this paper, we propose a simple yet powerful Boundary-Aware Segmentation Network (BASNet), which comprises a predict-refine architecture and a hybrid loss, for highly accurate image segmentation. The predict-refine architecture consists of a densely supervised encoder-decoder network and a residual refinement module, which are respectively used to predict and refine a segmentation probability map. The hybrid loss is a combination of the binary cross entropy, structural similarity and intersection-over-union losses, which guide the network to learn three-level (ie, pixel-, patch- and map- level) hierarchy representations. We evaluate our BASNet on two reverse tasks including salient object segmentation, camouflaged object segmentation, showing that it achieves very competitive performance with sharp segmentation boundaries. Importantly, BASNet runs at over 70 fps on a single GPU which benefits many potential real applications. Based on BASNet, we further developed two (close to) commercial applications: AR COPY &amp; PASTE, in which BASNet is integrated with augmented reality for "COPYING" and "PASTING" real-world objects, and OBJECT CUT, which is a web-based tool for automatic object background removal. Both applications have already drawn huge amount of attention and have important real-world impacts. The code and two applications will be publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/NathanUA/BASNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 45.Cross-Modal Contrastive Learning for Text-to-Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04702.pdf)
>  The output of text-to-image synthesis systems should be coherent, clear, photo-realistic scenes with high semantic fidelity to their conditioned text descriptions. Our Cross-Modal Contrastive Generative Adversarial Network (XMC-GAN) addresses this challenge by maximizing the mutual information between image and text. It does this via multiple contrastive losses which capture inter-modality and intra-modality correspondences. XMC-GAN uses an attentional self-modulation generator, which enforces strong text-image correspondence, and a contrastive discriminator, which acts as a critic as well as a feature encoder for contrastive learning. The quality of XMC-GAN's output is a major step up from previous models, as we show on three challenging datasets. On MS-COCO, not only does XMC-GAN improve state-of-the-art FID from 24.70 to 9.33, but--more importantly--people prefer XMC-GAN by 77.3 for image quality and 74.1 for image-text alignment, compared to three other recent models. XMC-GAN also generalizes to the challenging Localized Narratives dataset (which has longer, more detailed descriptions), improving state-of-the-art FID from 48.70 to 14.12. Lastly, we train and evaluate XMC-GAN on the challenging Open Images data, establishing a strong benchmark FID score of 26.91.      
### 46.Big Self-Supervised Models Advance Medical Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05224.pdf)
>  Self-supervised pretraining followed by supervised fine-tuning has seen success in image recognition, especially when labeled examples are scarce, but has received limited attention in medical image analysis. This paper studies the effectiveness of self-supervised learning as a pretraining strategy for medical image classification. We conduct experiments on two distinct tasks: dermatology skin condition classification from digital camera images and multi-label chest X-ray classification, and demonstrate that self-supervised learning on ImageNet, followed by additional self-supervised learning on unlabeled domain-specific medical images significantly improves the accuracy of medical image classifiers. We introduce a novel Multi-Instance Contrastive Learning (MICLe) method that uses multiple images of the underlying pathology per patient case, when available, to construct more informative positive pairs for self-supervised learning. Combining our contributions, we achieve an improvement of 6.7% in top-1 accuracy and an improvement of 1.1% in mean AUC on dermatology and chest X-ray classification respectively, outperforming strong supervised baselines pretrained on ImageNet. In addition, we show that big self-supervised models are robust to distribution shift and can learn efficiently with a small number of labeled medical images.      
### 47.Three Dimensional MR Image Synthesis with Progressive Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05218.pdf)
>  Mainstream deep models for three-dimensional MRI synthesis are either cross-sectional or volumetric depending on the input. Cross-sectional models can decrease the model complexity, but they may lead to discontinuity artifacts. On the other hand, volumetric models can alleviate the discontinuity artifacts, but they might suffer from loss of spatial resolution due to increased model complexity coupled with scarce training data. To mitigate the limitations of both approaches, we propose a novel model that progressively recovers the target volume via simpler synthesis tasks across individual orientations.      
### 48.Self-Supervised Vessel Enhancement Using Flow-Based Consistencies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05145.pdf)
>  Vessel segmenting is an essential task in many clinical applications. Although supervised methods have achieved state-of-art performance, acquiring expert annotation is laborious and mostly limited for two-dimensional datasets with a small sample size. On the contrary, unsupervised methods rely on handcrafted features to detect tube-like structures such as vessels. However, those methods require complex pipelines involving several hyper-parameters and design choices rendering the procedure sensitive, dataset-specific, and not generalizable. Also, unsupervised methods usually underperform supervised methods. We propose a self-supervised method with a limited number of hyper-parameters that is generalizable. Our method uses tube-like structure properties, such as connectivity, profile consistency, and bifurcation, to introduce inductive bias into a learning algorithm. To model those properties, we generate a vector field that we refer to as a flow. Our experiments on various datasets in 2D and 3D show that our method reduces the gap between supervised and unsupervised methods. Unlike generic self-supervised methods, the learned features are transferable for supervised approaches, which is essential when the number of annotated data is limited.      
### 49.VoxelHop: Successive Subspace Learning for ALS Disease Classification Using Structural MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05131.pdf)
>  Deep learning has great potential for accurate detection and classification of diseases with medical imaging data, but the performance is often limited by the number of training datasets and memory requirements. In addition, many deep learning models are considered a "black-box," thereby often limiting their adoption in clinical applications. To address this, we present a successive subspace learning model, termed VoxelHop, for accurate classification of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) using T2-weighted structural MRI data. Compared with popular convolutional neural network (CNN) architectures, VoxelHop has modular and transparent structures with fewer parameters without any backpropagation, so it is well-suited to small dataset size and 3D imaging data. Our VoxelHop has four key components, including (1) sequential expansion of near-to-far neighborhood for multi-channel 3D data; (2) subspace approximation for unsupervised dimension reduction; (3) label-assisted regression for supervised dimension reduction; and (4) concatenation of features and classification between controls and patients. Our experimental results demonstrate that our framework using a total of 20 controls and 26 patients achieves an accuracy of 93.48$\%$ and an AUC score of 0.9394 in differentiating patients from controls, even with a relatively small number of datasets, showing its robustness and effectiveness. Our thorough evaluations also show its validity and superiority to the state-of-the-art 3D CNN classification methods. Our framework can easily be generalized to other classification tasks using different imaging modalities.      
### 50.DAEs for Linear Inverse Problems: Improved Recovery with Provable Guarantees  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05130.pdf)
>  Generative priors have been shown to provide improved results over sparsity priors in linear inverse problems. However, current state of the art methods suffer from one or more of the following drawbacks: (a) speed of recovery is slow; (b) reconstruction quality is deficient; (c) reconstruction quality is contingent on a computationally expensive process of tuning hyperparameters. In this work, we address these issues by utilizing Denoising Auto Encoders (DAEs) as priors and a projected gradient descent algorithm for recovering the original signal. We provide rigorous theoretical guarantees for our method and experimentally demonstrate its superiority over existing state of the art methods in compressive sensing, inpainting, and super-resolution. We find that our algorithm speeds up recovery by two orders of magnitude (over 100x), improves quality of reconstruction by an order of magnitude (over 10x), and does not require tuning hyperparameters.      
### 51.Fast convolutional neural networks on FPGAs with hls4ml  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05108.pdf)
>  We introduce an automated tool for deploying ultra low-latency, low-power deep neural networks with large convolutional layers on FPGAs. By extending the hls4ml library, we demonstrate how to achieve inference latency of $5\,\mu$s using convolutional architectures, while preserving state-of-the-art model performance. Considering benchmark models trained on the Street View House Numbers Dataset, we demonstrate various methods for model compression in order to fit the computational constraints of a typical FPGA device. In particular, we discuss pruning and quantization-aware training, and demonstrate how resource utilization can be reduced by over 90% while maintaining the original model accuracy.      
### 52.Relatively Lazy: Indoor-Outdoor Navigation Using Vision and GNSS  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05107.pdf)
>  Visual Teach and Repeat (VT&amp;R) has shown relative navigation is a robust and efficient solution for autonomous vision-based path following in difficult environments. Adding additional absolute sensors such as Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS) has the potential to expand the domain of VT&amp;R to environments where the ability to visually localize is not guaranteed. Our method of lazy mapping and delaying estimation until a path-tracking error is needed avoids the need to estimate absolute states. As a result, map optimization is not required and paths can be driven immediately after being taught. We validate our approach on a real robot through an experiment in a joint indoor-outdoor environment comprising 3.5km of autonomous route repeating across a variety of lighting conditions. We achieve smooth error signals throughout the runs despite large sections of dropout for each sensor.      
### 53.MRI Images, Brain Lesions and Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05091.pdf)
>  Medical brain image analysis is a necessary step in the Computers Assisted /Aided Diagnosis (CAD) systems. Advancements in both hardware and software in the past few years have led to improved segmentation and classification of various diseases. In the present work, we review the published literature on systems and algorithms that allow for classification, identification, and detection of White Matter Hyperintensities (WMHs) of brain MRI images specifically in cases of ischemic stroke and demyelinating diseases. For the selection criteria, we used the bibliometric networks. Out of a total of 140 documents we selected 38 articles that deal with the main objectives of this study. Based on the analysis and discussion of the revised documents, there is constant growth in the research and proposal of new models of deep learning to achieve the highest accuracy and reliability of the segmentation of ischemic and demyelinating lesions. Models with indicators (Dice Score, DSC: 0.99) were found, however with little practical application due to the uses of small datasets and lack of reproducibility. Therefore, the main conclusion is to establish multidisciplinary research groups to overcome the gap between CAD developments and their complete utilization in the clinical environment.      
### 54.Detection and extraction of biological particles in a three-dimensional imaging of biological structures by TEM (Transmission Electron Microscopy)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05062.pdf)
>  Cells segmentation shows rapid growth in biology. Indeed, using the classical segmentation methods only is not enough to segment this type of images. In this manuscript, we will present a new method of ribosomes segmentation. A pre-treatment phase will precedes the segmentation process and after that a post-processing will proceed.      
### 55.A Lumen Segmentation Method in Ureteroscopy Images based on a Deep Residual U-Net architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05021.pdf)
>  Ureteroscopy is becoming the first surgical treatment option for the majority of urinary affections. This procedure is performed using an endoscope which provides the surgeon with the visual information necessary to navigate inside the urinary tract. Having in mind the development of surgical assistance systems, that could enhance the performance of surgeon, the task of lumen segmentation is a fundamental part since this is the visual reference which marks the path that the endoscope should follow. This is something that has not been analyzed in ureteroscopy data before. However, this task presents several challenges given the image quality and the conditions itself of ureteroscopy procedures. In this paper, we study the implementation of a Deep Neural Network which exploits the advantage of residual units in an architecture based on U-Net. For the training of these networks, we analyze the use of two different color spaces: gray-scale and RGB data images. We found that training on gray-scale images gives the best results obtaining mean values of Dice Score, Precision, and Recall of 0.73, 0.58, and 0.92 respectively. The results obtained shows that the use of residual U-Net could be a suitable model for further development for a computer-aided system for navigation and guidance through the urinary system.      
### 56.EventAnchor: Reducing Human Interactions in Event Annotation of Racket Sports Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04954.pdf)
>  The popularity of racket sports (e.g., tennis and table tennis) leads to high demands for data analysis, such as notational analysis, on player performance. While sports videos offer many benefits for such analysis, retrieving accurate information from sports videos could be challenging. In this paper, we propose EventAnchor, a data analysis framework to facilitate interactive annotation of racket sports video with the support of computer vision algorithms. Our approach uses machine learning models in computer vision to help users acquire essential events from videos (e.g., serve, the ball bouncing on the court) and offers users a set of interactive tools for data annotation. An evaluation study on a table tennis annotation system built on this framework shows significant improvement of user performances in simple annotation tasks on objects of interest and complex annotation tasks requiring domain knowledge.      
### 57.Learning to be EXACT, Cell Detection for Asthma on Partially Annotated Whole Slide Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04943.pdf)
>  Asthma is a chronic inflammatory disorder of the lower respiratory tract and naturally occurs in humans and animals including horses. The annotation of an asthma microscopy whole slide image (WSI) is an extremely labour-intensive task due to the hundreds of thousands of cells per WSI. To overcome the limitation of annotating WSI incompletely, we developed a training pipeline which can train a deep learning-based object detection model with partially annotated WSIs and compensate class imbalances on the fly. With this approach we can freely sample from annotated WSIs areas and are not restricted to fully annotated extracted sub-images of the WSI as with classical approaches. We evaluated our pipeline in a cross-validation setup with a fixed training set using a dataset of six equine WSIs of which four are partially annotated and used for training, and two fully annotated WSI are used for validation and testing. Our WSI-based training approach outperformed classical sub-image-based training methods by up to 15\% $mAP$ and yielded human-like performance when compared to the annotations of ten trained pathologists.      
### 58.Unlearnable Examples: Making Personal Data Unexploitable  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04898.pdf)
>  The volume of "free" data on the internet has been key to the current success of deep learning. However, it also raises privacy concerns about the unauthorized exploitation of personal data for training commercial models. It is thus crucial to develop methods to prevent unauthorized data exploitation. This paper raises the question: \emph{can data be made unlearnable for deep learning models?} We present a type of \emph{error-minimizing} noise that can indeed make training examples unlearnable. Error-minimizing noise is intentionally generated to reduce the error of one or more of the training example(s) close to zero, which can trick the model into believing there is "nothing" to learn from these example(s). The noise is restricted to be imperceptible to human eyes, and thus does not affect normal data utility. We empirically verify the effectiveness of error-minimizing noise in both sample-wise and class-wise forms. We also demonstrate its flexibility under extensive experimental settings and practicability in a case study of face recognition. Our work establishes an important first step towards making personal data unexploitable to deep learning models.      
### 59.Towards Interpretable Ensemble Learning for Image-based Malware Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04889.pdf)
>  Deep learning (DL) models for image-based malware detection have exhibited their capability in producing high prediction accuracy. But model interpretability is posing challenges to their widespread application in security and safety-critical application domains. This paper aims for designing an Interpretable Ensemble learning approach for image-based Malware Detection (IEMD). We first propose a Selective Deep Ensemble Learning-based (SDEL) detector and then design an Ensemble Deep Taylor Decomposition (EDTD) approach, which can give the pixel-level explanation to SDEL detector outputs. Furthermore, we develop formulas for calculating fidelity, robustness and expressiveness on pixel-level heatmaps in order to assess the quality of EDTD explanation. With EDTD explanation, we develop a novel Interpretable Dropout approach (IDrop), which establishes IEMD by training SDEL detector. Experiment results exhibit the better explanation of our EDTD than the previous explanation methods for image-based malware detection. Besides, experiment results indicate that IEMD achieves a higher detection accuracy up to 99.87% while exhibiting interpretability with high quality of prediction results. Moreover, experiment results indicate that IEMD interpretability increases with the increasing detection accuracy during the construction of IEMD. This consistency suggests that IDrop can mitigate the tradeoff between model interpretability and detection accuracy.      
### 60.Asymmetric self-play for automatic goal discovery in robotic manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04882.pdf)
>  We train a single, goal-conditioned policy that can solve many robotic manipulation tasks, including tasks with previously unseen goals and objects. We rely on asymmetric self-play for goal discovery, where two agents, Alice and Bob, play a game. Alice is asked to propose challenging goals and Bob aims to solve them. We show that this method can discover highly diverse and complex goals without any human priors. Bob can be trained with only sparse rewards, because the interaction between Alice and Bob results in a natural curriculum and Bob can learn from Alice's trajectory when relabeled as a goal-conditioned demonstration. Finally, our method scales, resulting in a single policy that can generalize to many unseen tasks such as setting a table, stacking blocks, and solving simple puzzles. Videos of a learned policy is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://robotics-self-play.github.io" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 61.Reproducing Activation Function for Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04844.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose the reproducing activation function to improve deep learning accuracy for various applications ranging from computer vision problems to scientific computing problems. The idea of reproducing activation functions is to employ several basic functions and their learnable linear combination to construct neuron-wise data-driven activation functions for each neuron. Armed with such activation functions, deep neural networks can reproduce traditional approximation tools and, therefore, approximate target functions with a smaller number of parameters than traditional neural networks. In terms of training dynamics of deep learning, reproducing activation functions can generate neural tangent kernels with a better condition number than traditional activation functions lessening the spectral bias of deep learning. As demonstrated by extensive numerical tests, the proposed activation function can facilitate the convergence of deep learning optimization for a solution with higher accuracy than existing deep learning solvers for audio/image/video reconstruction, PDEs, and eigenvalue problems.      
### 62.Robust GPS-Vision Localization via Integrity-Driven Landmark Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04836.pdf)
>  For robust GPS-vision navigation in urban areas, we propose an Integrity-driven Landmark Attention (ILA) technique via stochastic reachability. Inspired by cognitive attention in humans, we perform convex optimization to select a subset of landmarks from GPS and vision measurements that maximizes integrity-driven performance. Given known measurement error bounds in non-faulty conditions, our ILA follows a unified approach to address both GPS and vision faults and is compatible with any off-the-shelf estimator. We analyze measurement deviation to estimate the stochastic reachable set of expected position for each landmark, which is parameterized via probabilistic zonotope (p-Zonotope). We apply set union to formulate a p-Zonotopic cost that represents the size of position bounds based on landmark inclusion/exclusion. We jointly minimize the p-Zonotopic cost and maximize the number of landmarks via convex relaxation. For an urban dataset, we demonstrate improved localization accuracy and robust predicted availability for a pre-defined alert limit.      
### 63.Small Input Noise is Enough to Defend Against Query-based Black-box Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04829.pdf)
>  While deep neural networks show unprecedented performance in various tasks, the vulnerability to adversarial examples hinders their deployment in safety-critical systems. Many studies have shown that attacks are also possible even in a black-box setting where an adversary cannot access the target model's internal information. Most black-box attacks are based on queries, each of which obtains the target model's output for an input, and many recent studies focus on reducing the number of required queries. In this paper, we pay attention to an implicit assumption of these attacks that the target model's output exactly corresponds to the query input. If some randomness is introduced into the model to break this assumption, query-based attacks may have tremendous difficulty in both gradient estimation and local search, which are the core of their attack process. From this motivation, we observe even a small additive input noise can neutralize most query-based attacks and name this simple yet effective approach Small Noise Defense (SND). We analyze how SND can defend against query-based black-box attacks and demonstrate its effectiveness against eight different state-of-the-art attacks with CIFAR-10 and ImageNet datasets. Even with strong defense ability, SND almost maintains the original clean accuracy and computational speed. SND is readily applicable to pre-trained models by adding only one line of code at the inference stage, so we hope that it will be used as a baseline of defense against query-based black-box attacks in the future.      
### 64.A reusable pipeline for large-scale fiber segmentation on unidirectional fiber beds using fully convolutional neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04823.pdf)
>  Fiber-reinforced ceramic-matrix composites are advanced materials resistant to high temperatures, with application to aerospace engineering. Their analysis depends on the detection of embedded fibers, with semi-supervised techniques usually employed to separate fibers within the fiber beds. Here we present an open computational pipeline to detect fibers in ex-situ X-ray computed tomography fiber beds. To separate the fibers in these samples, we tested four different architectures of fully convolutional neural networks. When comparing our neural network approach to a semi-supervised one, we obtained Dice and Matthews coefficients greater than $92.28 \pm 9.65\%$, reaching up to $98.42 \pm 0.03 \%$, showing that the network results are close to the human-supervised ones in these fiber beds, in some cases separating fibers that human-curated algorithms could not find. The software we generated in this project is open source, released under a permissive license, and can be freely adapted and re-used in other domains. All data and instructions on how to download and use it are also available.      
### 65.Plug-and-Play Algorithms for Video Snapshot Compressive Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04822.pdf)
>  We consider the reconstruction problem of video snapshot compressive imaging (SCI), which captures high-speed videos using a low-speed 2D sensor (detector). The underlying principle of SCI is to modulate sequential high-speed frames with different masks and then these encoded frames are integrated into a snapshot on the sensor and thus the sensor can be of low-speed. On one hand, video SCI enjoys the advantages of low-bandwidth, low-power and low-cost. On the other hand, applying SCI to large-scale problems (HD or UHD videos) in our daily life is still challenging and one of the bottlenecks lies in the reconstruction algorithm. Exiting algorithms are either too slow (iterative optimization algorithms) or not flexible to the encoding process (deep learning based end-to-end networks). In this paper, we develop fast and flexible algorithms for SCI based on the plug-and-play (PnP) framework. In addition to the PnP-ADMM method, we further propose the PnP-GAP (generalized alternating projection) algorithm with a lower computational workload. We first employ the image deep denoising priors to show that PnP can recover a UHD color video with 30 frames from a snapshot measurement. Since videos have strong temporal correlation, by employing the video deep denoising priors, we achieve a significant improvement in the results. Furthermore, we extend the proposed PnP algorithms to the color SCI system using mosaic sensors, where each pixel only captures the red, green or blue channels. A joint reconstruction and demosaicing paradigm is developed for flexible and high quality reconstruction of color video SCI systems. Extensive results on both simulation and real datasets verify the superiority of our proposed algorithm.      
### 66.Embedded Computer Vision System Applied to a Four-Legged Line Follower Robot  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04804.pdf)
>  Robotics can be defined as the connection of perception to action. Taking this further, this project aims to drive a robot using an automated computer vision embedded system, connecting the robot's vision to its behavior. In order to implement a color recognition system on the robot, open source tools are chosen, such as Processing language, Android system, Arduino platform and Pixy camera. The constraints are clear: simplicity, replicability and financial viability. In order to integrate Robotics, Computer Vision and Image Processing, the robot is applied on a typical mobile robot's issue: line following. The problem of distinguishing the path from the background is analyzed through different approaches: the popular Otsu's Method, thresholding based on color combinations through experimentation and color tracking via hue and saturation. Decision making of where to move next is based on the line center of the path and is fully automated. Using a four-legged robot as platform and a camera as its only sensor, the robot is capable of successfully follow a line. From capturing the image to moving the robot, it's evident how integrative Robotics can be. The issue of this paper alone involves knowledge of Mechanical Engineering, Electronics, Control Systems and Programming. Everything related to this work was documented and made available on an open source online page, so it can be useful in learning and experimenting with robotics.      
### 67.Personalized Federated Deep Learning for Pain Estimation From Face Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04800.pdf)
>  Standard machine learning approaches require centralizing the users' data in one computer or a shared database, which raises data privacy and confidentiality concerns. Therefore, limiting central access is important, especially in healthcare settings, where data regulations are strict. A potential approach to tackling this is Federated Learning (FL), which enables multiple parties to collaboratively learn a shared prediction model by using parameters of locally trained models while keeping raw training data locally. In the context of AI-assisted pain-monitoring, we wish to enable confidentiality-preserving and unobtrusive pain estimation for long-term pain-monitoring and reduce the burden on the nursing staff who perform frequent routine check-ups. To this end, we propose a novel Personalized Federated Deep Learning (PFDL) approach for pain estimation from face images. PFDL performs collaborative training of a deep model, implemented using a lightweight CNN architecture, across different clients (i.e., subjects) without sharing their face images. Instead of sharing all parameters of the model, as in standard FL, PFDL retains the last layer locally (used to personalize the pain estimates). This (i) adds another layer of data confidentiality, making it difficult for an adversary to infer pain levels of the target subject, while (ii) personalizing the pain estimation to each subject through local parameter tuning. We show using a publicly available dataset of face videos of pain (UNBC-McMaster Shoulder Pain Database), that PFDL performs comparably or better than the standard centralized and FL algorithms, while further enhancing data privacy. This, has the potential to improve traditional pain monitoring by making it more secure, computationally efficient, and scalable to a large number of individuals (e.g., for in-home pain monitoring), providing timely and unobtrusive pain measurement.      
### 68.Generative Adversarial U-Net for Domain-free Medical Image Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04793.pdf)
>  The shortage of annotated medical images is one of the biggest challenges in the field of medical image computing. Without a sufficient number of training samples, deep learning based models are very likely to suffer from over-fitting problem. The common solution is image manipulation such as image rotation, cropping, or resizing. Those methods can help relieve the over-fitting problem as more training samples are introduced. However, they do not really introduce new images with additional information and may lead to data leakage as the test set may contain similar samples which appear in the training set. To address this challenge, we propose to generate diverse images with generative adversarial network. In this paper, we develop a novel generative method named generative adversarial U-Net , which utilizes both generative adversarial network and U-Net. Different from existing approaches, our newly designed model is domain-free and generalizable to various medical images. Extensive experiments are conducted over eight diverse datasets including computed tomography (CT) scan, pathology, X-ray, etc. The visualization and quantitative results demonstrate the efficacy and good generalization of the proposed method on generating a wide array of high-quality medical images.      
### 69.Transferring Experience from Simulation to the Real World for Precise Pick-And-Place Tasks in Highly Cluttered Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04781.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a novel learning-based approach for grasping known rigid objects in highly cluttered scenes and precisely placing them based on depth images. Our Placement Quality Network (PQ-Net) estimates the object pose and the quality for each automatically generated grasp pose for multiple objects simultaneously at 92 fps in a single forward pass of a neural network. All grasping and placement trials are executed in a physics simulation and the gained experience is transferred to the real world using domain randomization. We demonstrate that our policy successfully transfers to the real world. PQ-Net outperforms other model-free approaches in terms of grasping success rate and automatically scales to new objects of arbitrary symmetry without any human intervention.      
