# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 21 Jan 2021
### 1.AXM-Net: Cross-Modal Context Sharing Attention Network for Person Re-ID  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.08238.pdf)
>  Cross-modal person re-identification (Re-ID) is critical for modern video surveillance systems. The key challenge is to align inter-modality representations according to semantic information present for a person and ignore background information. In this work, we present AXM-Net, a novel CNN based architecture designed for learning semantically aligned visual and textual representations. The underlying building block consists of multiple streams of feature maps coming from visual and textual modalities and a novel learnable context sharing semantic alignment network. We also propose complementary intra modal attention learning mechanisms to focus on more fine-grained local details in the features along with a cross-modal affinity loss for robust feature matching. Our design is unique in its ability to implicitly learn feature alignments from data. The entire AXM-Net can be trained in an end-to-end manner. We report results on both person search and cross-modal Re-ID tasks. Extensive experimentation validates the proposed framework and demonstrates its superiority by outperforming the current state-of-the-art methods by a significant margin.      
### 2.On The Consistency Training for Open-Set Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.08237.pdf)
>  Conventional semi-supervised learning (SSL) methods, e.g., MixMatch, achieve great performance when both labeled and unlabeled dataset are drawn from the same distribution. However, these methods often suffer severe performance degradation in a more realistic setting, where unlabeled dataset contains out-of-distribution (OOD) samples. Recent approaches mitigate the negative influence of OOD samples by filtering them out from the unlabeled data. Our studies show that it is not necessary to get rid of OOD samples during training. On the contrary, the network can benefit from them if OOD samples are properly utilized. We thoroughly study how OOD samples affect DNN training in both low- and high-dimensional spaces, where two fundamental SSL methods are considered: Pseudo Labeling (PL) and Data Augmentation based Consistency Training (DACT). Conclusion is twofold: (1) unlike PL that suffers performance degradation, DACT brings improvement to model performance; (2) the improvement is closely related to class-wise distribution gap between the labeled and the unlabeled dataset. Motivated by this observation, we further improve the model performance by bridging the gap between the labeled and the unlabeled datasets (containing OOD samples). Compared to previous algorithms paying much attention to distinguishing between ID and OOD samples, our method makes better use of OOD samples and achieves state-of-the-art results.      
### 3.SAR and Optical data fusion based on Anisotropic Diffusion with PCA and Classification using Patch-based with LBP  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.08215.pdf)
>  SAR (VV and VH polarization) and optical data are widely used in image fusion to use the complimentary information of each other and to obtain the better-quality image (in terms of spatial and spectral features) for the improved classification results. This paper uses anisotropic diffusion with PCA for the fusion of SAR and optical data and patch-based SVM Classification with LBP (LBP-PSVM). Fusion results with VV polarization performed better than VH polarization using considered fusion method. For classification, the performance of LBP-PSVM using S1 (VV) with S2, S1 (VH) with S2 is compared with SVM classifier (without patch) and PSVM classifier (with patch), respectively. Classification results suggests that the LBP-PSVM classifier is more effective in comparison to SVM and PSVM classifiers for considered data.      
### 4.Video Relation Detection with Trajectory-aware Multi-modal Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.08165.pdf)
>  Video relation detection problem refers to the detection of the relationship between different objects in videos, such as spatial relationship and action relationship. In this paper, we present video relation detection with trajectory-aware multi-modal features to solve this task. <br>Considering the complexity of doing visual relation detection in videos, we decompose this task into three sub-tasks: object detection, trajectory proposal and relation prediction. We use the state-of-the-art object detection method to ensure the accuracy of object trajectory detection and multi-modal feature representation to help the prediction of relation between objects. Our method won the first place on the video relation detection task of Video Relation Understanding Grand Challenge in ACM Multimedia 2020 with 11.74\% mAP, which surpasses other methods by a large margin.      
### 5.Focal and Efficient IOU Loss for Accurate Bounding Box Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.08158.pdf)
>  In object detection, bounding box regression (BBR) is a crucial step that determines the object localization performance. However, we find that most previous loss functions for BBR have two main drawbacks: (i) Both $\ell_n$-norm and IOU-based loss functions are inefficient to depict the objective of BBR, which leads to slow convergence and inaccurate regression results. (ii) Most of the loss functions ignore the imbalance problem in BBR that the large number of anchor boxes which have small overlaps with the target boxes contribute most to the optimization of BBR. To mitigate the adverse effects caused thereby, we perform thorough studies to exploit the potential of BBR losses in this paper. Firstly, an Efficient Intersection over Union (EIOU) loss is proposed, which explicitly measures the discrepancies of three geometric factors in BBR, i.e., the overlap area, the central point and the side length. After that, we state the Effective Example Mining (EEM) problem and propose a regression version of focal loss to make the regression process focus on high-quality anchor boxes. Finally, the above two parts are combined to obtain a new loss function, namely Focal-EIOU loss. Extensive experiments on both synthetic and real datasets are performed. Notable superiorities on both the convergence speed and the localization accuracy can be achieved over other BBR losses.      
### 6.Fooling thermal infrared pedestrian detectors in real world using small bulbs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.08154.pdf)
>  Thermal infrared detection systems play an important role in many areas such as night security, autonomous driving, and body temperature detection. They have the unique advantages of passive imaging, temperature sensitivity and penetration. But the security of these systems themselves has not been fully explored, which poses risks in applying these systems. We propose a physical attack method with small bulbs on a board against the state of-the-art pedestrian detectors. Our goal is to make infrared pedestrian detectors unable to detect real-world pedestrians. Towards this goal, we first showed that it is possible to use two kinds of patches to attack the infrared pedestrian detector based on YOLOv3. The average precision (AP) dropped by 64.12% in the digital world, while a blank board with the same size caused the AP to drop by 29.69% only. After that, we designed and manufactured a physical board and successfully attacked YOLOv3 in the real world. In recorded videos, the physical board caused AP of the target detector to drop by 34.48%, while a blank board with the same size caused the AP to drop by 14.91% only. With the ensemble attack techniques, the designed physical board had good transferability to unseen detectors.      
### 7.Self-supervised pre-training enhances change detection in Sentinel-2 imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.08122.pdf)
>  While annotated images for change detection using satellite imagery are scarce and costly to obtain, there is a wealth of unlabeled images being generated every day. In order to leverage these data to learn an image representation more adequate for change detection, we explore methods that exploit the temporal consistency of Sentinel-2 times series to obtain a usable self-supervised learning signal. For this, we build and make publicly available (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://zenodo.org/record/4280482" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>) the Sentinel-2 Multitemporal Cities Pairs (S2MTCP) dataset, containing multitemporal image pairs from 1520 urban areas worldwide. We test the results of multiple self-supervised learning methods for pre-training models for change detection and apply it on a public change detection dataset made of Sentinel-2 image pairs (OSCD).      
### 8.Few-shot Action Recognition with Prototype-centered Attentive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.08085.pdf)
>  Few-shot action recognition aims to recognize action classes with few training samples. Most existing methods adopt a meta-learning approach with episodic training. In each episode, the few samples in a meta-training task are split into support and query sets. The former is used to build a classifier, which is then evaluated on the latter using a query-centered loss for model updating. There are however two major limitations: lack of data efficiency due to the query-centered only loss design and inability to deal with the support set outlying samples and inter-class distribution overlapping problems. In this paper, we overcome both limitations by proposing a new Prototype-centered Attentive Learning (PAL) model composed of two novel components. First, a prototype-centered contrastive learning loss is introduced to complement the conventional query-centered learning objective, in order to make full use of the limited training samples in each episode. Second, PAL further integrates a hybrid attentive learning mechanism that can minimize the negative impacts of outliers and promote class separation. Extensive experiments on four standard few-shot action benchmarks show that our method clearly outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods, with the improvement particularly significant (10+\%) on the most challenging fine-grained action recognition benchmark.      
### 9.1st Place Solution to ECCV-TAO-2020: Detect and Represent Any Object for Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.08040.pdf)
>  We extend the classical tracking-by-detection paradigm to this tracking-any-object task. Solid detection results are first extracted from TAO dataset. Some state-of-the-art techniques like \textbf{BA}lanced-\textbf{G}roup \textbf{S}oftmax (\textbf{BAGS}\cite{li2020overcoming}) and DetectoRS\cite{qiao2020detectors} are integrated during detection. Then we learned appearance features to represent any object by training feature learning networks. We ensemble several models for improving detection and feature representation. Simple linking strategies with most similar appearance features and tracklet-level post association module are finally applied to generate final tracking results. Our method is submitted as \textbf{AOA} on the challenge website.      
### 10.Scalable Deep Compressive Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.08024.pdf)
>  Deep learning has been used to image compressive sensing (CS) for enhanced reconstruction performance. However, most existing deep learning methods train different models for different subsampling ratios, which brings additional hardware burden. In this paper, we develop a general framework named scalable deep compressive sensing (SDCS) for the scalable sampling and reconstruction (SSR) of all existing end-to-end-trained models. In the proposed way, images are measured and initialized linearly. Two sampling masks are introduced to flexibly control the subsampling ratios used in sampling and reconstruction, respectively. To make the reconstruction model adapt to any subsampling ratio, a training strategy dubbed scalable training is developed. In scalable training, the model is trained with the sampling matrix and the initialization matrix at various subsampling ratios by integrating different sampling matrix masks. Experimental results show that models with SDCS can achieve SSR without changing their structure while maintaining good performance, and SDCS outperforms other SSR methods.      
### 11.Macroscopic Control of Text Generation for Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.08000.pdf)
>  Despite the fact that image captioning models have been able to generate impressive descriptions for a given image, challenges remain: (1) the controllability and diversity of existing models are still far from satisfactory; (2) models sometimes may produce extremely poor-quality captions. In this paper, two novel methods are introduced to solve the problems respectively. Specifically, for the former problem, we introduce a control signal which can control the macroscopic sentence attributes, such as sentence quality, sentence length, sentence tense and number of nouns etc. With such a control signal, the controllability and diversity of existing captioning models are enhanced. For the latter problem, we innovatively propose a strategy that an image-text matching model is trained to measure the quality of sentences generated in both forward and backward directions and finally choose the better one. As a result, this strategy can effectively reduce the proportion of poorquality sentences. Our proposed methods can be easily applie on most image captioning models to improve their overall performance. Based on the Up-Down model, the experimental results show that our methods achieve BLEU- 4/CIDEr/SPICE scores of 37.5/120.3/21.5 on MSCOCO Karpathy test split with cross-entropy training, which surpass the results of other state-of-the-art methods trained by cross-entropy loss.      
### 12.FedNS: Improving Federated Learning for collaborative image classification on mobile clients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07995.pdf)
>  Federated Learning (FL) is a paradigm that aims to support loosely connected clients in learning a global model collaboratively with the help of a centralized server. The most popular FL algorithm is Federated Averaging (FedAvg), which is based on taking weighted average of the client models, with the weights determined largely based on dataset sizes at the clients. In this paper, we propose a new approach, termed Federated Node Selection (FedNS), for the server's global model aggregation in the FL setting. FedNS filters and re-weights the clients' models at the node/kernel level, hence leading to a potentially better global model by fusing the best components of the clients. Using collaborative image classification as an example, we show with experiments from multiple datasets and networks that FedNS can consistently achieve improved performance over FedAvg.      
### 13.Semi-supervised Keypoint Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07988.pdf)
>  Knowledge about the locations of keypoints of an object in an image can assist in fine-grained classification and identification tasks, particularly for the case of objects that exhibit large variations in poses that greatly influence their visual appearance, such as wild animals. However, supervised training of a keypoint detection network requires annotating a large image dataset for each animal species, which is a labor-intensive task. To reduce the need for labeled data, we propose to learn simultaneously keypoint heatmaps and pose invariant keypoint representations in a semi-supervised manner using a small set of labeled images along with a larger set of unlabeled images. Keypoint representations are learnt with a semantic keypoint consistency constraint that forces the keypoint detection network to learn similar features for the same keypoint across the dataset. Pose invariance is achieved by making keypoint representations for the image and its augmented copies closer together in feature space. Our semi-supervised approach significantly outperforms previous methods on several benchmarks for human and animal body landmark localization.      
### 14.Non-Parametric Adaptive Network Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07985.pdf)
>  Popular network pruning algorithms reduce redundant information by optimizing hand-crafted parametric models, and may cause suboptimal performance and long time in selecting filters. We innovatively introduce non-parametric modeling to simplify the algorithm design, resulting in an automatic and efficient pruning approach called EPruner. Inspired by the face recognition community, we use a message passing algorithm Affinity Propagation on the weight matrices to obtain an adaptive number of exemplars, which then act as the preserved filters. EPruner breaks the dependency on the training data in determining the "important" filters and allows the CPU implementation in seconds, an order of magnitude faster than GPU based SOTAs. Moreover, we show that the weights of exemplars provide a better initialization for the fine-tuning. On VGGNet-16, EPruner achieves a 76.34%-FLOPs reduction by removing 88.80% parameters, with 0.06% accuracy improvement on CIFAR-10. In ResNet-152, EPruner achieves a 65.12%-FLOPs reduction by removing 64.18% parameters, with only 0.71% top-5 accuracy loss on ILSVRC-2012. Code can be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lmbxmu/EPruner" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.Semantic Disentangling Generalized Zero-ShotLearning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07978.pdf)
>  Generalized Zero-Shot Learning (GZSL) aims to recognize images from both seen and unseen categories. Most GZSL methods typically learn to synthesize CNN visual features for the unseen classes by leveraging entire semantic information, e.g., tags and attributes, and the visual features of the seen classes. Within the visual features, we define two types of features that semantic-consistent and semantic-unrelated to represent the characteristics of images annotated in attributes and less informative features of images respectively. Ideally, the semantic-unrelated information is impossible to transfer by semantic-visual relationship from seen classes to unseen classes, as the corresponding characteristics are not annotated in the semantic information. Thus, the foundation of the visual feature synthesis is not always solid as the features of the seen classes may involve semantic-unrelated information that could interfere with the alignment between semantic and visual modalities. To address this issue, in this paper, we propose a novel feature disentangling approach based on an encoder-decoder architecture to factorize visual features of images into these two latent feature spaces to extract corresponding representations. Furthermore, a relation module is incorporated into this architecture to learn semantic-visual relationship, whilst a total correlation penalty is applied to encourage the disentanglement of two latent representations. The proposed model aims to distill quality semantic-consistent representations that capture intrinsic features of seen images, which are further taken as the generation target for unseen classes. Extensive experiments conducted on seven GZSL benchmark datasets have verified the state-of-the-art performance of the proposal.      
### 16.TCLR: Temporal Contrastive Learning for Video Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07974.pdf)
>  Contrastive learning has nearly closed the gap between supervised and self-supervised learning of image representations. Existing extensions of contrastive learning to the domain of video data however, rely on naive transposition of ideas from image-based methods and do not fully utilize the temporal dimension present in video. We develop a new temporal contrastive learning framework consisting of two novel losses to improve upon existing contrastive self-supervised video representation learning methods. The first loss adds the task of discriminating between non-overlapping clips from the same video, whereas the second loss aims to discriminate between timesteps of the feature map of an input clip in order to increase the temporal diversity of the features. Temporal contrastive learning achieves significant improvement over the state-of-the-art results in downstream video understanding tasks such as action recognition, limited-label action classification, and nearest-neighbor video retrieval on video datasets across multiple 3D CNN architectures. With the commonly used 3D-ResNet-18 architecture, we achieve 82.4% (+5.1% increase over the previous best) top-1 accuracy on UCF101 and 52.9% (+5.4% increase) on HMDB51 action classification, and 56.2% (+11.7% increase) Top-1 Recall on UCF101 nearest neighbor video retrieval.      
### 17.Class balanced underwater object detection dataset generated by class-wise style augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07959.pdf)
>  Underwater object detection technique is of great significance for various applications in underwater the scenes. However, class imbalance issue is still an unsolved bottleneck for current underwater object detection algorithms. It leads to large precision discrepancies among different classes that the dominant classes with more training data achieve higher detection precisions while the minority classes with fewer training data achieves much lower detection precisions. In this paper, we propose a novel class-wise style augmentation (CWSA) algorithm to generate a class-balanced underwater dataset Balance18 from the public contest underwater dataset URPC2018. CWSA is a new kind of data augmentation technique which augments the training data for the minority classes by generating various colors, textures and contrasts for the minority classes. Compare with previous data augmentation algorithms such flipping, cropping and rotations, CWSA is able to generate a class balanced underwater dataset with diverse color distortions and haze-effects.      
### 18.Beyond Fine-tuning: Classifying High Resolution Mammograms using Function-Preserving Transformations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07945.pdf)
>  The task of classifying mammograms is very challenging because the lesion is usually small in the high resolution image. The current state-of-the-art approaches for medical image classification rely on using the de-facto method for ConvNets - fine-tuning. However, there are fundamental differences between natural images and medical images, which based on existing evidence from the literature, limits the overall performance gain when designed with algorithmic approaches. In this paper, we propose to go beyond fine-tuning by introducing a novel framework called MorphHR, in which we highlight a new transfer learning scheme. The idea behind the proposed framework is to integrate function-preserving transformations, for any continuous non-linear activation neurons, to internally regularise the network for improving mammograms classification. The proposed solution offers two major advantages over the existing techniques. Firstly and unlike fine-tuning, the proposed approach allows for modifying not only the last few layers but also several of the first ones on a deep ConvNet. By doing this, we can design the network front to be suitable for learning domain specific features. Secondly, the proposed scheme is scalable to hardware. Therefore, one can fit high resolution images on standard GPU memory. We show that by using high resolution images, one prevents losing relevant information. We demonstrate, through numerical and visual experiments, that the proposed approach yields to a significant improvement in the classification performance over state-of-the-art techniques, and is indeed on a par with radiology experts. Moreover and for generalisation purposes, we show the effectiveness of the proposed learning scheme on another large dataset, the ChestX-ray14, surpassing current state-of-the-art techniques.      
### 19.Online Active Proposal Set Generation for Weakly Supervised Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07929.pdf)
>  To reduce the manpower consumption on box-level annotations, many weakly supervised object detection methods which only require image-level annotations, have been proposed recently. The training process in these methods is formulated into two steps. They firstly train a neural network under weak supervision to generate pseudo ground truths (PGTs). Then, these PGTs are used to train another network under full supervision. Compared with fully supervised methods, the training process in weakly supervised methods becomes more complex and time-consuming. Furthermore, overwhelming negative proposals are involved at the first step. This is neglected by most methods, which makes the training network biased towards to negative proposals and thus degrades the quality of the PGTs, limiting the training network performance at the second step. Online proposal sampling is an intuitive solution to these issues. However, lacking of adequate labeling, a simple online proposal sampling may make the training network stuck into local minima. To solve this problem, we propose an Online Active Proposal Set Generation (OPG) algorithm. Our OPG algorithm consists of two parts: Dynamic Proposal Constraint (DPC) and Proposal Partition (PP). DPC is proposed to dynamically determine different proposal sampling strategy according to the current training state. PP is used to score each proposal, part proposals into different sets and generate an active proposal set for the network optimization. Through experiments, our proposed OPG shows consistent and significant improvement on both datasets PASCAL VOC 2007 and 2012, yielding comparable performance to the state-of-the-art results.      
### 20.A Discrete Scheme for Computing Image's Weighted Gaussian Curvature  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07927.pdf)
>  Weighted Gaussian Curvature is an important measurement for images. However, its conventional computation scheme has low performance, low accuracy and requires that the input image must be second order differentiable. To tackle these three issues, we propose a novel discrete computation scheme for the weighted Gaussian curvature. Our scheme does not require the second order differentiability. Moreover, our scheme is more accurate, has smaller support region and computationally more efficient than the conventional schemes. Therefore, our scheme holds promise for a large range of applications where the weighted Gaussian curvature is needed, for example, image smoothing, cartoon texture decomposition, optical flow estimation, etc.      
### 21.LowKey: Leveraging Adversarial Attacks to Protect Social Media Users from Facial Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07922.pdf)
>  Facial recognition systems are increasingly deployed by private corporations, government agencies, and contractors for consumer services and mass surveillance programs alike. These systems are typically built by scraping social media profiles for user images. Adversarial perturbations have been proposed for bypassing facial recognition systems. However, existing methods fail on full-scale systems and commercial APIs. We develop our own adversarial filter that accounts for the entire image processing pipeline and is demonstrably effective against industrial-grade pipelines that include face detection and large scale databases. Additionally, we release an easy-to-use webtool that significantly degrades the accuracy of Amazon Rekognition and the Microsoft Azure Face Recognition API, reducing the accuracy of each to below 1%      
### 22.Feature Sharing Cooperative Network for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07905.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep neural networks have achieved high ac-curacy in the field of image recognition. By inspired from human learning method, we propose a semantic segmentation method using cooperative learning which shares the information resembling a group learning. We use two same networks and paths for sending feature maps between two networks. Two networks are trained simultaneously. By sharing feature maps, one of two networks can obtain the information that cannot be obtained by a single network. In addition, in order to enhance the degree of cooperation, we propose two kinds of methods that connect only the same layer and multiple layers. We evaluated our proposed idea on two kinds of networks. One is Dual Attention Network (DANet) and the other one is DeepLabv3+. The proposed method achieved better segmentation accuracy than the conventional single network and ensemble of networks.      
### 23.Cross-domain few-shot learning with unlabelled data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07899.pdf)
>  Few shot learning aims to solve the data scarcity problem. If there is a domain shift between the test set and the training set, their performance will decrease a lot. This setting is called Cross-domain few-shot learning. However, this is very challenging because the target domain is unseen during training. Thus we propose a new setting some unlabelled data from the target domain is provided, which can bridge the gap between the source domain and the target domain. A benchmark for this setting is constructed using DomainNet \cite{peng2018oment}. We come up with a self-supervised learning method to fully utilize the knowledge in the labeled training set and the unlabelled set. Extensive experiments show that our methods outperforms several baseline methods by a large margin. We also carefully design an episodic training pipeline which yields a significant performance boost.      
### 24.A modular vision language navigation and manipulation framework for long horizon compositional tasks in indoor environment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07891.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a new framework - MoViLan (Modular Vision and Language) for execution of visually grounded natural language instructions for day to day indoor household tasks. While several data-driven, end-to-end learning frameworks have been proposed for targeted navigation tasks based on the vision and language modalities, performance on recent benchmark data sets revealed the gap in developing comprehensive techniques for long horizon, compositional tasks (involving manipulation and navigation) with diverse object categories, realistic instructions and visual scenarios with non-reversible state changes. We propose a modular approach to deal with the combined navigation and object interaction problem without the need for strictly aligned vision and language training data (e.g., in the form of expert demonstrated trajectories). Such an approach is a significant departure from the traditional end-to-end techniques in this space and allows for a more tractable training process with separate vision and language data sets. Specifically, we propose a novel geometry-aware mapping technique for cluttered indoor environments, and a language understanding model generalized for household instruction following. We demonstrate a significant increase in success rates for long-horizon, compositional tasks over the baseline on the recently released benchmark data set-ALFRED.      
### 25.Joint Learning of 3D Shape Retrieval and Deformation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07889.pdf)
>  We propose a novel technique for producing high-quality 3D models that match a given target object image or scan. Our method is based on retrieving an existing shape from a database of 3D models and then deforming its parts to match the target shape. Unlike previous approaches that independently focus on either shape retrieval or deformation, we propose a joint learning procedure that simultaneously trains the neural deformation module along with the embedding space used by the retrieval module. This enables our network to learn a deformation-aware embedding space, so that retrieved models are more amenable to match the target after an appropriate deformation. In fact, we use the embedding space to guide the shape pairs used to train the deformation module, so that it invests its capacity in learning deformations between meaningful shape pairs. Furthermore, our novel part-aware deformation module can work with inconsistent and diverse part-structures on the source shapes. We demonstrate the benefits of our joint training not only on our novel framework, but also on other state-of-the-art neural deformation modules proposed in recent years. Lastly, we also show that our jointly-trained method outperforms a two-step deformation-aware retrieval that uses direct optimization instead of neural deformation or a pre-trained deformation module.      
### 26.Machine-Generated Hierarchical Structure of Human Activities to Reveal How Machines Think  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07855.pdf)
>  Deep-learning based computer vision models have proved themselves to be ground-breaking approaches to human activity recognition (HAR). However, most existing works are dedicated to improve the prediction accuracy through either creating new model architectures, increasing model complexity, or refining model parameters by training on larger datasets. Here, we propose an alternative idea, differing from existing work, to increase model accuracy and also to shape model predictions to align with human understandings through automatically creating higher-level summarizing labels for similar groups of human activities. First, we argue the importance and feasibility of constructing a hierarchical labeling system for human activity recognition. Then, we utilize the predictions of a black box HAR model to identify similarities between different activities. Finally, we tailor hierarchical clustering methods to automatically generate hierarchical trees of activities and conduct experiments. In this system, the activity labels on the same level will have a designed magnitude of accuracy and reflect a specific amount of activity details. This strategy enables a trade-off between the extent of the details in the recognized activity and the user privacy by masking some sensitive predictions; and also provides possibilities for the use of formerly prohibited invasive models in privacy-concerned scenarios. Since the hierarchy is generated from the machine's perspective, the predictions at the upper levels provide better accuracy, which is especially useful when there are too detailed labels in the training set that are rather trivial to the final prediction goal. Moreover, the analysis of the structure of these trees can reveal the biases in the prediction model and guide future data collection strategies.      
### 27.DyLoc: Dynamic Localization for Massive MIMO Using Predictive Recurrent Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07848.pdf)
>  This paper presents a data-driven localization framework with high precision in time-varying complex multipath environments, such as dense urban areas and indoors, where GPS and model-based localization techniques come short. We consider the angle-delay profile (ADP), a linear transformation of channel state information (CSI), in massive MIMO systems and show that ADPs preserve users' motion when stacked temporally. We discuss that given a static environment, future frames of ADP time-series are predictable employing a video frame prediction algorithm. We express that a deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) can be employed to learn the background static scattering environment. To detect foreground changes in the environment, corresponding to path blockage or addition, we introduce an algorithm taking advantage of the trained DCNN. Furthermore, we present DyLoc, a data-driven framework to recover distorted ADPs due to foreground changes and to obtain precise location estimations. We evaluate the performance of DyLoc in several dynamic scenarios employing DeepMIMO dataset to generate geo-tagged CSI datasets for indoor and outdoor environments. We show that previous DCNN-based techniques fail to perform with desirable accuracy in dynamic environments, while DyLoc pursues localization precisely. Moreover, simulations show that as the environment gets richer in terms of the number of multipath, DyLoc gets more robust to foreground changes.      
### 28.The Devils in the Point Clouds: Studying the Robustness of Point Cloud Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07832.pdf)
>  Recently, there has been a significant interest in performing convolution over irregularly sampled point clouds. Since point clouds are very different from regular raster images, it is imperative to study the generalization of the convolution networks more closely, especially their robustness under variations in scale and rotations of the input data. This paper investigates different variants of PointConv, a convolution network on point clouds, to examine their robustness to input scale and rotation changes. Of the variants we explored, two are novel and generated significant improvements. The first is replacing the multilayer perceptron based weight function with much simpler third degree polynomials, together with a Sobolev norm regularization. Secondly, for 3D datasets, we derive a novel viewpoint-invariant descriptor by utilizing 3D geometric properties as the input to PointConv, in addition to the regular 3D coordinates. We have also explored choices of activation functions, neighborhood, and subsampling methods. Experiments are conducted on the 2D MNIST &amp; CIFAR-10 datasets as well as the 3D SemanticKITTI &amp; ScanNet datasets. Results reveal that on 2D, using third degree polynomials greatly improves PointConv's robustness to scale changes and rotations, even surpassing traditional 2D CNNs for the MNIST dataset. On 3D datasets, the novel viewpoint-invariant descriptor significantly improves the performance as well as robustness of PointConv. We achieve the state-of-the-art semantic segmentation performance on the SemanticKITTI dataset, as well as comparable performance with the current highest framework on the ScanNet dataset among point-based approaches.      
### 29.Multi-Task Network Pruning and Embedded Optimization for Real-time Deployment in ADAS  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07831.pdf)
>  Camera-based Deep Learning algorithms are increasingly needed for perception in Automated Driving systems. However, constraints from the automotive industry challenge the deployment of CNNs by imposing embedded systems with limited computational resources. In this paper, we propose an approach to embed a multi-task CNN network under such conditions on a commercial prototype platform, i.e. a low power System on Chip (SoC) processing four surround-view fisheye cameras at 10 FPS. <br>The first focus is on designing an efficient and compact multi-task network architecture. Secondly, a pruning method is applied to compress the CNN, helping to reduce the runtime and memory usage by a factor of 2 without lowering the performances significantly. Finally, several embedded optimization techniques such as mixed-quantization format usage and efficient data transfers between different memory areas are proposed to ensure real-time execution and avoid bandwidth bottlenecks. The approach is evaluated on the hardware platform, considering embedded detection performances, runtime and memory bandwidth. Unlike most works from the literature that focus on classification task, we aim here to study the effect of pruning and quantization on a compact multi-task network with object detection, semantic segmentation and soiling detection tasks.      
### 30.Fast deep learning correspondence for neuron tracking and identification in C.elegans using synthetic training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.08211.pdf)
>  We present an automated method to track and identify neurons in C. elegans, called "fast Deep Learning Correspondence" or fDLC, based on the transformer network architecture. The model is trained once on empirically derived synthetic data and then predicts neural correspondence across held-out real animals via transfer learning. The same pre-trained model both tracks neurons across time and identifies corresponding neurons across individuals. Performance is evaluated against hand-annotated datasets, including NeuroPAL [1]. Using only position information, the method achieves 80.0% accuracy at tracking neurons within an individual and 65.8% accuracy at identifying neurons across individuals. Accuracy is even higher on a published dataset [2]. Accuracy reaches 76.5% when using color information from NeuroPAL. Unlike previous methods, fDLC does not require straightening or transforming the animal into a canonical coordinate system. The method is fast and predicts correspondence in 10 ms making it suitable for future real-time applications.      
### 31.Component Tree Loss Function: Definition and Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.08063.pdf)
>  In this article, we propose a method to design loss functions based on component trees which can be optimized by gradient descent algorithms and which are therefore usable in conjunction with recent machine learning approaches such as neural networks. We show how the altitudes associated to the nodes of such hierarchical image representations can be differentiated with respect to the image pixel values. This feature is used to design a generic loss function that can select or discard image maxima based on various attributes such as extinction values. The possibilities of the proposed method are demonstrated on simulated and real image filtering.      
### 32.Variational Autoencoders with a Structural Similarity Loss in Time of Flight MRAs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.08052.pdf)
>  Time-of-Flight Magnetic Resonance Angiographs (TOF-MRAs) enable visualization and analysis of cerebral arteries. This analysis may indicate normal variation of the configuration of the cerebrovascular system or vessel abnormalities, such as aneurysms. A model would be useful to represent normal cerebrovascular structure and variabilities in a healthy population and to differentiate from abnormalities. Current anomaly detection using autoencoding convolutional neural networks usually use a voxelwise mean-error for optimization. We propose optimizing a variational-autoencoder (VAE) with structural similarity loss (SSIM) for TOF-MRA reconstruction. A patch-trained 2D fully-convolutional VAE was optimized for TOF-MRA reconstruction by comparing vessel segmentations of original and reconstructed MRAs. The method was trained and tested on two datasets: the IXI dataset, and a subset from the ADAM challenge. Both trained networks were tested on a dataset including subjects with aneurysms. We compared VAE optimization with L2-loss and SSIM-loss. Performance was evaluated between original and reconstructed MRAs using mean square error, mean-SSIM, peak-signal-to-noise-ratio and dice similarity index (DSI) of segmented vessels. The L2-optimized VAE outperforms SSIM, with improved reconstruction metrics and DSIs for both datasets. Optimization using SSIM performed best for visual image quality, but with discrepancy in quantitative reconstruction and vascular segmentation. The larger, more diverse IXI dataset had overall better performance. Reconstruction metrics, including SSIM, were lower for MRAs including aneurysms. A SSIM-optimized VAE improved the visual perceptive image quality of TOF-MRA reconstructions. A L2-optimized VAE performed best for TOF-MRA reconstruction, where the vascular segmentation is important. SSIM is a potential metric for anomaly detection of MRAs.      
### 33.Bridge the Vision Gap from Field to Command: A Deep Learning Network Enhancing Illumination and Details  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.08039.pdf)
>  With the goal of tuning up the brightness, low-light image enhancement enjoys numerous applications, such as surveillance, remote sensing and computational photography. Images captured under low-light conditions often suffer from poor visibility and blur. Solely brightening the dark regions will inevitably amplify the blur, thus may lead to detail loss. In this paper, we propose a simple yet effective two-stream framework named NEID to tune up the brightness and enhance the details simultaneously without introducing many computational costs. Precisely, the proposed method consists of three parts: Light Enhancement (LE), Detail Refinement (DR) and Feature Fusing (FF) module, which can aggregate composite features oriented to multiple tasks based on channel attention mechanism. Extensive experiments conducted on several benchmark datasets demonstrate the efficacy of our method and its superiority over state-of-the-art methods.      
### 34.Improved Signed Distance Function for 2D Real-time SLAM and Accurate Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.08018.pdf)
>  Accurate mapping and localization are very important for many industrial robotics applications. In this paper, we propose an improved Signed Distance Function (SDF) for both 2D SLAM and pure localization to improve the accuracy of mapping and localization. To achieve this goal, firstly we improved the back-end mapping to build a more accurate SDF map by extending the update range and building free space, etc. Secondly, to get more accurate pose estimation for the front-end, we proposed a new iterative registration method to align the current scan to the SDF submap by removing random outliers of laser scanners. Thirdly, we merged all the SDF submaps to produce an integrated SDF map for highly accurate pure localization. Experimental results show that based on the merged SDF map, a localization accuracy of a few millimeters (5mm) can be achieved globally within the map. We believe that this method is important for mobile robots working in scenarios where high localization accuracy matters.      
### 35.SplitSR: An End-to-End Approach to Super-Resolution on Mobile Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07996.pdf)
>  Super-resolution (SR) is a coveted image processing technique for mobile apps ranging from the basic camera apps to mobile health. Existing SR algorithms rely on deep learning models with significant memory requirements, so they have yet to be deployed on mobile devices and instead operate in the cloud to achieve feasible inference time. This shortcoming prevents existing SR methods from being used in applications that require near real-time latency. In this work, we demonstrate state-of-the-art latency and accuracy for on-device super-resolution using a novel hybrid architecture called SplitSR and a novel lightweight residual block called SplitSRBlock. The SplitSRBlock supports channel-splitting, allowing the residual blocks to retain spatial information while reducing the computation in the channel dimension. SplitSR has a hybrid design consisting of standard convolutional blocks and lightweight residual blocks, allowing people to tune SplitSR for their computational budget. We evaluate our system on a low-end ARM CPU, demonstrating both higher accuracy and up to 5 times faster inference than previous approaches. We then deploy our model onto a smartphone in an app called ZoomSR to demonstrate the first-ever instance of on-device, deep learning-based SR. We conducted a user study with 15 participants to have them assess the perceived quality of images that were post-processed by SplitSR. Relative to bilinear interpolation -- the existing standard for on-device SR -- participants showed a statistically significant preference when looking at both images (Z=-9.270, p&lt;0.01) and text (Z=-6.486, p&lt;0.01).      
### 36.Cell image segmentation by Feature Random Enhancement Module  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07983.pdf)
>  It is important to extract good features using an encoder to realize semantic segmentation with high accuracy. Although loss function is optimized in training deep neural network, far layers from the layers for computing loss function are difficult to train. Skip connection is effective for this problem but there are still far layers from the loss function. In this paper, we propose the Feature Random Enhancement Module which enhances the features randomly in only training. By emphasizing the features at far layers from loss function, we can train those layers well and the accuracy was improved. In experiments, we evaluated the proposed module on two kinds of cell image datasets, and our module improved the segmentation accuracy without increasing computational cost in test phase.      
### 37.Quarter Laplacian Filter for Edge Aware Image Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07933.pdf)
>  This paper presents a quarter Laplacian filter that can preserve corners and edges during image smoothing. Its support region is $2\times2$, which is smaller than the $3\times3$ support region of Laplacian filter. Thus, it is more local. Moreover, this filter can be implemented via the classical box filter, leading to high performance for real time applications. Finally, we show its edge preserving property in several image processing tasks, including image smoothing, texture enhancement, and low-light image enhancement. The proposed filter can be adopted in a wide range of image processing applications.      
### 38.IntentNet: Learning to Predict Intention from Raw Sensor Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07907.pdf)
>  In order to plan a safe maneuver, self-driving vehicles need to understand the intent of other traffic participants. We define intent as a combination of discrete high-level behaviors as well as continuous trajectories describing future motion. In this paper, we develop a one-stage detector and forecaster that exploits both 3D point clouds produced by a LiDAR sensor as well as dynamic maps of the environment. Our multi-task model achieves better accuracy than the respective separate modules while saving computation, which is critical to reducing reaction time in self-driving applications.      
### 39.Classification of COVID-19 X-ray Images Using a Combination of Deep and Handcrafted Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.07866.pdf)
>  Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) demonstrated the need for accurate and fast diagnosis methods for emergent viral diseases. Soon after the emergence of COVID-19, medical practitioners used X-ray and computed tomography (CT) images of patients' lungs to detect COVID-19. Machine learning methods are capable of improving the identification accuracy of COVID-19 in X-ray and CT images, delivering near real-time results, while alleviating the burden on medical practitioners. In this work, we demonstrate the efficacy of a support vector machine (SVM) classifier, trained with a combination of deep convolutional and handcrafted features extracted from X-ray chest scans. We use this combination of features to discriminate between healthy, common pneumonia, and COVID-19 patients. The performance of the combined feature approach is compared with a standard convolutional neural network (CNN) and the SVM trained with handcrafted features. We find that combining the features in our novel framework improves the performance of the classification task compared to the independent application of convolutional and handcrafted features. Specifically, we achieve an accuracy of 0.988 in the classification task with our combined approach compared to 0.963 and 0.983 accuracy for the handcrafted features with SVM and CNN respectively.      
