# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 6 Jan 2021
### 1.Local Memory Attention for Fast Video Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01715.pdf)
>  We propose a novel neural network module that transforms an existing single-frame semantic segmentation model into a video semantic segmentation pipeline. In contrast to prior works, we strive towards a simple and general module that can be integrated into virtually any single-frame architecture. Our approach aggregates a rich representation of the semantic information in past frames into a memory module. Information stored in the memory is then accessed through an attention mechanism. This provides temporal appearance cues from prior frames, which are then fused with an encoding of the current frame through a second attention-based module. The segmentation decoder processes the fused representation to predict the final semantic segmentation. We integrate our approach into two popular semantic segmentation networks: ERFNet and PSPNet. We observe an improvement in segmentation performance on Cityscapes by 1.7% and 2.1% in mIoU respectively, while increasing inference time of ERFNet by only 1.5ms.      
### 2.Learning from Synthetic Shadows for Shadow Detection and Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01713.pdf)
>  Shadow removal is an essential task in computer vision and computer graphics. Recent shadow removal approaches all train convolutional neural networks (CNN) on real paired shadow/shadow-free or shadow/shadow-free/mask image datasets. However, obtaining a large-scale, diverse, and accurate dataset has been a big challenge, and it limits the performance of the learned models on shadow images with unseen shapes/intensities. To overcome this challenge, we present SynShadow, a novel large-scale synthetic shadow/shadow-free/matte image triplets dataset and a pipeline to synthesize it. We extend a physically-grounded shadow illumination model and synthesize a shadow image given an arbitrary combination of a shadow-free image, a matte image, and shadow attenuation parameters. Owing to the diversity, quantity, and quality of SynShadow, we demonstrate that shadow removal models trained on SynShadow perform well in removing shadows with diverse shapes and intensities on some challenging benchmarks. Furthermore, we show that merely fine-tuning from a SynShadow-pre-trained model improves existing shadow detection and removal models. Codes are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/naoto0804/SynShadow" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.Learning Accurate Dense Correspondences and When to Trust Them  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01710.pdf)
>  Establishing dense correspondences between a pair of images is an important and general problem. However, dense flow estimation is often inaccurate in the case of large displacements or homogeneous regions. For most applications and down-steam tasks, such as pose estimation, image manipulation, or 3D reconstruction, it is crucial to know when and where to trust the estimated correspondences. <br>In this work, we aim to estimate a dense flow field relating two images, coupled with a robust pixel-wise confidence map indicating the reliability and accuracy of the prediction. We develop a flexible probabilistic approach that jointly learns the flow prediction and its uncertainty. In particular, we parametrize the predictive distribution as a constrained mixture model, ensuring better modelling of both accurate flow predictions and outliers. Moreover, we develop an architecture and training strategy tailored for robust and generalizable uncertainty prediction in the context of self-supervised training. Our approach obtains state-of-the-art results on multiple challenging geometric matching and optical flow datasets. We further validate the usefulness of our probabilistic confidence estimation for the task of pose estimation. Code and models will be released at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/PruneTruong/PDCNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 4.Human Activity Recognition using Wearable Sensors: Review, Challenges, Evaluation Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01665.pdf)
>  Recognizing human activity plays a significant role in theadvancements of human-interaction applications in healthcare, personalfitness, and smart devices. Many papers presented various techniques forhuman activity representation that resulted in distinguishable <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://progress.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this study, we conduct an extensive literature review on recent, top-performing techniques in human activity recognition based on wearablesensors. Due to the lack of standardized evaluation and to assess andensure a fair comparison between the state-of-the-art techniques, we ap-plied a standardized evaluation benchmark on the state-of-the-art tech-niques using six publicly available data-sets: MHealth, USCHAD, UTD-MHAD, WISDM, WHARF, and OPPORTUNITY. Also, we propose anexperimental, improved approach that is a hybrid of enhanced hand-crafted features and a neural network architecture which outperformedtop-performing techniques with the same standardized evaluation bench-mark applied concerning MHealth, USCHAD, UTD-MHAD data-sets.      
### 5.Spatial Attention Improves Iterative 6D Object Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01659.pdf)
>  The task of estimating the 6D pose of an object from RGB images can be broken down into two main steps: an initial pose estimation step, followed by a refinement procedure to correctly register the object and its observation. In this paper, we propose a new method for 6D pose estimation refinement from RGB images. To achieve high accuracy of the final estimate, the observation and a rendered model need to be aligned. Our main insight is that after the initial pose estimate, it is important to pay attention to distinct spatial features of the object in order to improve the estimation accuracy during alignment. Furthermore, parts of the object that are occluded in the image should be given less weight during the alignment process. Most state-of-the-art refinement approaches do not allow for this fine-grained reasoning and can not fully leverage the structure of the problem. In contrast, we propose a novel neural network architecture built around a spatial attention mechanism that identifies and leverages information about spatial details during pose refinement. We experimentally show that this approach learns to attend to salient spatial features and learns to ignore occluded parts of the object, leading to better pose estimation across datasets. We conduct experiments on standard benchmark datasets for 6D pose estimation (LineMOD and Occlusion LineMOD) and outperform previous state-of-the-art methods.      
### 6.Novel View Synthesis via Depth-guided Skip Connections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01619.pdf)
>  We introduce a principled approach for synthesizing new views of a scene given a single source image. Previous methods for novel view synthesis can be divided into image-based rendering methods (e.g. flow prediction) or pixel generation methods. Flow predictions enable the target view to re-use pixels directly, but can easily lead to distorted results. Directly regressing pixels can produce structurally consistent results but generally suffer from the lack of low-level details. In this paper, we utilize an encoder-decoder architecture to regress pixels of a target view. In order to maintain details, we couple the decoder aligned feature maps with skip connections, where the alignment is guided by predicted depth map of the target view. Our experimental results show that our method does not suffer from distortions and successfully preserves texture details with aligned skip connections.      
### 7.Look Twice: A Computational Model of Return Fixations across Tasks and Species  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01611.pdf)
>  Saccadic eye movements allow animals to bring different parts of an image into high-resolution. During free viewing, inhibition of return incentivizes exploration by discouraging previously visited locations. Despite this inhibition, here we show that subjects make frequent return fixations. We systematically studied a total of 44,328 return fixations out of 217,440 fixations across different tasks, in monkeys and humans, and in static images or egocentric videos. The ubiquitous return fixations were consistent across subjects, tended to occur within short offsets, and were characterized by longer duration than non-return fixations. The locations of return fixations corresponded to image areas of higher saliency and higher similarity to the sought target during visual search tasks. We propose a biologically-inspired computational model that capitalizes on a deep convolutional neural network for object recognition to predict a sequence of fixations. Given an input image, the model computes four maps that constrain the location of the next saccade: a saliency map, a target similarity map, a saccade size map, and a memory map. The model exhibits frequent return fixations and approximates the properties of return fixations across tasks and species. The model provides initial steps towards capturing the trade-off between exploitation of informative image locations combined with exploration of novel image locations during scene viewing.      
### 8.STaR: Self-supervised Tracking and Reconstruction of Rigid Objects in Motion with Neural Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01602.pdf)
>  We present STaR, a novel method that performs Self-supervised Tracking and Reconstruction of dynamic scenes with rigid motion from multi-view RGB videos without any manual annotation. Recent work has shown that neural networks are surprisingly effective at the task of compressing many views of a scene into a learned function which maps from a viewing ray to an observed radiance value via volume rendering. Unfortunately, these methods lose all their predictive power once any object in the scene has moved. In this work, we explicitly model rigid motion of objects in the context of neural representations of radiance fields. We show that without any additional human specified supervision, we can reconstruct a dynamic scene with a single rigid object in motion by simultaneously decomposing it into its two constituent parts and encoding each with its own neural representation. We achieve this by jointly optimizing the parameters of two neural radiance fields and a set of rigid poses which align the two fields at each frame. On both synthetic and real world datasets, we demonstrate that our method can render photorealistic novel views, where novelty is measured on both spatial and temporal axes. Our factored representation furthermore enables animation of unseen object motion.      
### 9.Bilateral Grid Learning for Stereo Matching Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01601.pdf)
>  The real-time performance of the stereo matching network is important for many applications, such as automatic driving, robot navigation and augmented reality (AR). Although significant progress has been made in stereo matching networks in recent years, it is still challenging to balance real-time performance and accuracy. In this paper, we present a novel edge-preserving cost volume upsampling module based on the slicing operation in the learned bilateral grid. The slicing layer is parameter-free, which allows us to obtain a high quality cost volume of high resolution from a low resolution cost volume under the guide of the learned guidance map efficiently. The proposed cost volume upsampling module can be seamlessly embedded into many existing stereo matching networks, such as GCNet, PSMNet, and GANet. The resulting networks are accelerated several times while maintaining comparable accuracy. Furthermore, based on this module we design a real-time network (named BGNet), which outperforms the existing published real-time deep stereo matching networks, as well as some complex networks on KITTI stereo datasets. The code of the proposed method will be available.      
### 10.Learning the Predictability of the Future  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01600.pdf)
>  We introduce a framework for learning from unlabeled video what is predictable in the future. Instead of committing up front to features to predict, our approach learns from data which features are predictable. Based on the observation that hyperbolic geometry naturally and compactly encodes hierarchical structure, we propose a predictive model in hyperbolic space. When the model is most confident, it will predict at a concrete level of the hierarchy, but when the model is not confident, it learns to automatically select a higher level of abstraction. Experiments on two established datasets show the key role of hierarchical representations for action prediction. Although our representation is trained with unlabeled video, visualizations show that action hierarchies emerge in the representation.      
### 11.Noise Sensitivity-Based Energy Efficient and Robust Adversary Detection in Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01543.pdf)
>  Neural networks have achieved remarkable performance in computer vision, however they are vulnerable to adversarial examples. Adversarial examples are inputs that have been carefully perturbed to fool classifier networks, while appearing unchanged to humans. Based on prior works on detecting adversaries, we propose a structured methodology of augmenting a deep neural network (DNN) with a detector subnetwork. We use $\textit{Adversarial Noise Sensitivity}$ (ANS), a novel metric for measuring the adversarial gradient contribution of different intermediate layers of a network. Based on the ANS value, we append a detector to the most sensitive layer. In prior works, more complex detectors were added to a DNN, increasing the inference computational cost of the model. In contrast, our structured and strategic addition of a detector to a DNN reduces the complexity of the model while making the overall network adversarially resilient. Through comprehensive white-box and black-box experiments on MNIST, CIFAR-10, and CIFAR-100, we show that our method improves state-of-the-art detector robustness against adversarial examples. Furthermore, we validate the energy efficiency of our proposed adversarial detection methodology through an extensive energy analysis on various hardware scalable CMOS accelerator platforms. We also demonstrate the effects of quantization on our detector-appended networks.      
### 12.Deep Class-Specific Affinity-Guided Convolutional Network for Multimodal Unpaired Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01513.pdf)
>  Multi-modal medical image segmentation plays an essential role in clinical diagnosis. It remains challenging as the input modalities are often not well-aligned spatially. Existing learning-based methods mainly consider sharing trainable layers across modalities and minimizing visual feature discrepancies. While the problem is often formulated as joint supervised feature learning, multiple-scale features and class-specific representation have not yet been explored. In this paper, we propose an affinity-guided fully convolutional network for multimodal image segmentation. To learn effective representations, we design class-specific affinity matrices to encode the knowledge of hierarchical feature reasoning, together with the shared convolutional layers to ensure the cross-modality generalization. Our affinity matrix does not depend on spatial alignments of the visual features and thus allows us to train with unpaired, multimodal inputs. We extensively evaluated our method on two public multimodal benchmark datasets and outperform state-of-the-art methods.      
### 13.Local Propagation for Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01480.pdf)
>  The challenge in few-shot learning is that available data is not enough to capture the underlying distribution. To mitigate this, two emerging directions are (a) using local image representations, essentially multiplying the amount of data by a constant factor, and (b) using more unlabeled data, for instance by transductive inference, jointly on a number of queries. In this work, we bring these two ideas together, introducing \emph{local propagation}. We treat local image features as independent examples, we build a graph on them and we use it to propagate both the features themselves and the labels, known and unknown. Interestingly, since there is a number of features per image, even a single query gives rise to transductive inference. As a result, we provide a universally safe choice for few-shot inference under both non-transductive and transductive settings, improving accuracy over corresponding methods. This is in contrast to existing solutions, where one needs to choose the method depending on the quantity of available data.      
### 14.Scale-Aware Network with Regional and Semantic Attentions for Crowd Counting under Cluttered Background  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01479.pdf)
>  Crowd counting is an important task that shown great application value in public safety-related fields, which has attracted increasing attention in recent years. In the current research, the accuracy of counting numbers and crowd density estimation are the main concerns. Although the emergence of deep learning has greatly promoted the development of this field, crowd counting under cluttered background is still a serious challenge. In order to solve this problem, we propose a ScaleAware Crowd Counting Network (SACCN) with regional and semantic attentions. The proposed SACCN distinguishes crowd and background by applying regional and semantic self-attention mechanisms on the shallow layers and deep layers, respectively. Moreover, the asymmetric multi-scale module (AMM) is proposed to deal with the problem of scale diversity, and regional attention based dense connections and skip connections are designed to alleviate the variations on crowd scales. Extensive experimental results on multiple public benchmarks demonstrate that our proposed SACCN achieves satisfied superior performances and outperform most state-of-the-art methods. All codes and pretrained models will be released soon.      
### 15.PointCutMix: Regularization Strategy for Point Cloud Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01461.pdf)
>  3D point cloud analysis has received increasing attention in recent years, however, the diversity and availability of point cloud datasets are still limited. We therefore present PointCutMix, a simple but effective method for augmentation in point cloud. In our method, after finding the optimal assignment between two point clouds, we replace some points in one point cloud by its counterpart point in another point cloud. Our strategy consistently and significantly improves the performance across various models and datasets. Surprisingly, when it is used as a defense method, it shows far superior performance to the SOTA defense algorithm. The code is available at:<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cuge1995/PointCutMix" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 16.WildDeepfake: A Challenging Real-World Dataset for Deepfake Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01456.pdf)
>  In recent years, the abuse of a face swap technique called deepfake Deepfake has raised enormous public concerns. So far, a large number of deepfake videos (known as "deepfakes") have been crafted and uploaded to the internet, calling for effective countermeasures. One promising countermeasure against deepfakes is deepfake detection. Several deepfake datasets have been released to support the training and testing of deepfake detectors, such as DeepfakeDetection and FaceForensics++. While this has greatly advanced deepfake detection, most of the real videos in these datasets are filmed with a few volunteer actors in limited scenes, and the fake videos are crafted by researchers using a few popular deepfake softwares. Detectors developed on these datasets may become less effective against real-world deepfakes on the internet. To better support detection against real-world deepfakes, in this paper, we introduce a new dataset WildDeepfake, which consists of 7,314 face sequences extracted from 707 deepfake videos collected completely from the internet. WildDeepfake is a small dataset that can be used, in addition to existing datasets, to develop and test the effectiveness of deepfake detectors against real-world deepfakes. We conduct a systematic evaluation of a set of baseline detection networks on both existing and our WildDeepfake datasets, and show that WildDeepfake is indeed a more challenging dataset, where the detection performance can decrease drastically. We also propose two (eg. 2D and 3D) Attention-based Deepfake Detection Networks (ADDNets) to leverage the attention masks on real/fake faces for improved detection. We empirically verify the effectiveness of ADDNets on both existing datasets and WildDeepfake. The dataset is available at:<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/deepfakeinthewild/deepfake-in-the-wild" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 17.Dataset on Bi- and Multi-Nucleated Tumor Cells in Canine Cutaneous Mast Cell Tumors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01445.pdf)
>  Tumor cells with two nuclei (binucleated cells, BiNC) or more nuclei (multinucleated cells, MuNC) indicate an increased amount of cellular genetic material which is thought to facilitate oncogenesis, tumor progression and treatment resistance. In canine cutaneous mast cell tumors (ccMCT), binucleation and multinucleation are parameters used in cytologic and histologic grading schemes (respectively) which correlate with poor patient outcome. For this study, we created the first open source data-set with 19,983 annotations of BiNC and 1,416 annotations of MuNC in 32 histological whole slide images of ccMCT. Labels were created by a pathologist and an algorithmic-aided labeling approach with expert review of each generated candidate. A state-of-the-art deep learning-based model yielded an $F_1$ score of 0.675 for BiNC and 0.623 for MuNC on 11 test whole slide images. In regions of interest ($2.37 mm^2$) extracted from these test images, 6 pathologists had an object detection performance between 0.270 - 0.526 for BiNC and 0.316 - 0.622 for MuNC, while our model archived an $F_1$ score of 0.667 for BiNC and 0.685 for MuNC. This open dataset can facilitate development of automated image analysis for this task and may thereby help to promote standardization of this facet of histologic tumor prognostication.      
### 18.CycleGAN for Interpretable Online EMT Compensation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01444.pdf)
>  Purpose: Electromagnetic Tracking (EMT) can partially replace X-ray guidance in minimally invasive procedures, reducing radiation in the OR. However, in this hybrid setting, EMT is disturbed by metallic distortion caused by the X-ray device. We plan to make hybrid navigation clinical reality to reduce radiation exposure for patients and surgeons, by compensating EMT error. <br>Methods: Our online compensation strategy exploits cycle-consistent generative adversarial neural networks (CycleGAN). 3D positions are translated from various bedside environments to their bench equivalents. Domain-translated points are fine-tuned to reduce error in the bench domain. We evaluate our compensation approach in a phantom experiment. <br>Results: Since the domain-translation approach maps distorted points to their lab equivalents, predictions are consistent among different C-arm environments. Error is successfully reduced in all evaluation environments. Our qualitative phantom experiment demonstrates that our approach generalizes well to an unseen C-arm environment. <br>Conclusion: Adversarial, cycle-consistent training is an explicable, consistent and thus interpretable approach for online error compensation. Qualitative assessment of EMT error compensation gives a glimpse to the potential of our method for rotational error compensation.      
### 19.Support Vector Machine and YOLO for a Mobile Food Grading System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01418.pdf)
>  Food quality and safety are of great concern to society since it is an essential guarantee not only for human health but also for social development, and stability. Ensuring food quality and safety is a complex process. All food processing stages should be considered, from cultivating, harvesting and storage to preparation and consumption. Grading is one of the essential processes to control food quality. This paper proposed a mobile visual-based system to evaluate food grading. Specifically, the proposed system acquires images of bananas when they are on moving conveyors. A two-layer image processing system based on machine learning is used to grade bananas, and these two layers are allocated on edge devices and cloud servers, respectively. Support Vector Machine (SVM) is the first layer to classify bananas based on an extracted feature vector composed of color and texture features. Then, the a You Only Look Once (YOLO) v3 model further locating the peel's defected area and determining if the inputs belong to the mid-ripened or well-ripened class. According to experimental results, the first layer's performance achieved an accuracy of 98.5% while the accuracy of the second layer is 85.7%, and the overall accuracy is 96.4%.      
### 20.Relaxed Conditional Image Transfer for Semi-supervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01400.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised domain adaptation (SSDA), which aims to learn models in a partially labeled target domain with the assistance of the fully labeled source domain, attracts increasing attention in recent years. To explicitly leverage the labeled data in both domains, we naturally introduce a conditional GAN framework to transfer images without changing the semantics in SSDA. However, we identify a label-domination problem in such an approach. In fact, the generator tends to overlook the input source image and only memorizes prototypes of each class, which results in unsatisfactory adaptation performance. To this end, we propose a simple yet effective Relaxed conditional GAN (Relaxed cGAN) framework. Specifically, we feed the image without its label to our generator. In this way, the generator has to infer the semantic information of input data. We formally prove that its equilibrium is desirable and empirically validate its practical convergence and effectiveness in image transfer. Additionally, we propose several techniques to make use of unlabeled data in the target domain, enhancing the model in SSDA settings. We validate our method on the well-adopted datasets: Digits, DomainNet, and Office-Home. We achieve state-of-the-art performance on DomainNet, Office-Home and most digit benchmarks in low-resource and high-resource settings.      
### 21.VersatileGait: A Large-Scale Synthetic Gait Dataset with Fine-GrainedAttributes and Complicated Scenarios  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01394.pdf)
>  With the motivation of practical gait recognition applications, we propose to automatically create a large-scale synthetic gait dataset (called VersatileGait) by a game engine, which consists of around one million silhouette sequences of 11,000 subjects with fine-grained attributes in various complicated scenarios. Compared with existing real gait datasets with limited samples and simple scenarios, the proposed VersatileGait dataset possesses several nice properties, including huge dataset size, high sample diversity, high-quality annotations, multi-pitch angles, small domain gap with the real one, etc. Furthermore, we investigate the effectiveness of our dataset (e.g., domain transfer after pretraining). Then, we use the fine-grained attributes from VersatileGait to promote gait recognition in both accuracy and speed, and meanwhile justify the gait recognition performance under multi-pitch angle settings. Additionally, we explore a variety of potential applications for research.Extensive experiments demonstrate the value and effective-ness of the proposed VersatileGait in gait recognition along with its associated applications. We will release both VersatileGait and its corresponding data generation toolkit for further studies.      
### 22.Understanding the Ability of Deep Neural Networks to Count Connected Components in Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01386.pdf)
>  Humans can count very fast by subitizing, but slow substantially as the number of objects increases. Previous studies have shown a trained deep neural network (DNN) detector can count the number of objects in an amount of time that increases slowly with the number of objects. Such a phenomenon suggests the subitizing ability of DNNs, and unlike humans, it works equally well for large numbers. Many existing studies have successfully applied DNNs to object counting, but few studies have studied the subitizing ability of DNNs and its interpretation. In this paper, we found DNNs do not have the ability to generally count connected components. We provided experiments to support our conclusions and explanations to understand the results and phenomena of these experiments. We proposed three ML-learnable characteristics to verify learnable problems for ML models, such as DNNs, and explain why DNNs work for specific counting problems but cannot generally count connected components.      
### 23.An Automatic System to Monitor the Physical Distance and Face Mask Wearing of Construction Workers in COVID-19 Pandemic  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01373.pdf)
>  The COVID-19 pandemic has caused many shutdowns in different industries around the world. Sectors such as infrastructure construction and maintenance projects have not been suspended due to their significant effect on people's routine life. In such projects, workers work close together that makes a high risk of infection. The World Health Organization recommends wearing a face mask and practicing physical distancing to mitigate the virus's spread. This paper developed a computer vision system to automatically detect the violation of face mask wearing and physical distancing among construction workers to assure their safety on infrastructure projects during the pandemic. For the face mask detection, the paper collected and annotated 1,000 images, including different types of face mask wearing, and added them to a pre-existing face mask dataset to develop a dataset of 1,853 images. Then trained and tested multiple Tensorflow state-of-the-art object detection models on the face mask dataset and chose the Faster R-CNN Inception ResNet V2 network that yielded the accuracy of 99.8%. For physical distance detection, the paper employed the Faster R-CNN Inception V2 to detect people. A transformation matrix was used to eliminate the camera angle's effect on the object distances on the image. The Euclidian distance used the pixels of the transformed image to compute the actual distance between people. A threshold of six feet was considered to capture physical distance violation. The paper also used transfer learning for training the model. The final model was applied on four videos of road maintenance projects in Houston, TX, that effectively detected the face mask and physical distance. We recommend that construction owners use the proposed system to enhance construction workers' safety in the pandemic situation.      
### 24.Similarity Reasoning and Filtration for Image-Text Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01368.pdf)
>  Image-text matching plays a critical role in bridging the vision and language, and great progress has been made by exploiting the global alignment between image and sentence, or local alignments between regions and words. However, how to make the most of these alignments to infer more accurate matching scores is still underexplored. In this paper, we propose a novel Similarity Graph Reasoning and Attention Filtration (SGRAF) network for image-text matching. Specifically, the vector-based similarity representations are firstly learned to characterize the local and global alignments in a more comprehensive manner, and then the Similarity Graph Reasoning (SGR) module relying on one graph convolutional neural network is introduced to infer relation-aware similarities with both the local and global alignments. The Similarity Attention Filtration (SAF) module is further developed to integrate these alignments effectively by selectively attending on the significant and representative alignments and meanwhile casting aside the interferences of non-meaningful alignments. We demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method with achieving state-of-the-art performances on the Flickr30K and MSCOCO datasets, and the good interpretability of SGR and SAF modules with extensive qualitative experiments and analyses.      
### 25.High Precision Medicine Bottles Vision Online Inspection System and Classification Based on Multi-Features and Ensemble Learning via Independence Test  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01362.pdf)
>  To address the problem of online automatic inspection of drug liquid bottles in production line, an implantable visual inspection system is designed and the ensemble learning algorithm for detection is proposed based on multi-features fusion. A tunnel structure is designed for visual inspection system, which allows bottles inspection to be automated without changing original      
### 26.Self-supervised Visual-LiDAR Odometry with Flip Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01322.pdf)
>  Most learning-based methods estimate ego-motion by utilizing visual sensors, which suffer from dramatic lighting variations and textureless scenarios. In this paper, we incorporate sparse but accurate depth measurements obtained from lidars to overcome the limitation of visual methods. To this end, we design a self-supervised visual-lidar odometry (Self-VLO) framework. It takes both monocular images and sparse depth maps projected from 3D lidar points as input, and produces pose and depth estimations in an end-to-end learning manner, without using any ground truth labels. To effectively fuse two modalities, we design a two-pathway encoder to extract features from visual and depth images and fuse the encoded features with those in decoders at multiple scales by our fusion module. We also adopt a siamese architecture and design an adaptively weighted flip consistency loss to facilitate the self-supervised learning of our VLO. Experiments on the KITTI odometry benchmark show that the proposed approach outperforms all self-supervised visual or lidar odometries. It also performs better than fully supervised VOs, demonstrating the power of fusion.      
### 27.Research on Fast Text Recognition Method for Financial Ticket Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01310.pdf)
>  Currently, deep learning methods have been widely applied in and thus promoted the development of different fields. In the financial accounting field, the rapid increase in the number of financial tickets dramatically increases labor costs; hence, using a deep learning method to relieve the pressure on accounting is necessary. At present, a few works have applied deep learning methods to financial ticket recognition. However, first, their approaches only cover a few types of tickets. In addition, the precision and speed of their recognition models cannot meet the requirements of practical financial accounting systems. Moreover, none of the methods provides a detailed analysis of both the types and content of tickets. Therefore, this paper first analyzes the different features of 482 kinds of financial tickets, divides all kinds of financial tickets into three categories and proposes different recognition patterns for each category. These recognition patterns can meet almost all types of financial ticket recognition needs. Second, regarding the fixed format types of financial tickets (accounting for 68.27\% of the total types of tickets), we propose a simple yet efficient network named the Financial Ticket Faster Detection network (FTFDNet) based on a Faster RCNN. Furthermore, according to the characteristics of the financial ticket text, in order to obtain higher recognition accuracy, the loss function, Region Proposal Network (RPN), and Non-Maximum Suppression (NMS) are improved to make FTFDNet focus more on text. Finally, we perform a comparison with the best ticket recognition model from the ICDAR2019 invoice competition. The experimental results illustrate that FTFDNet increases the processing speed by 50\% while maintaining similar precision.      
### 28.CycleSegNet: Object Co-segmentation with Cycle Refinement and Region Correspondence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01308.pdf)
>  Image co-segmentation is an active computer vision task which aims to segment the common objects in a set of images. Recently, researchers design various learning-based algorithms to handle the co-segmentation task. The main difficulty in this task is how to effectively transfer information between images to infer the common object regions. In this paper, we present CycleSegNet, a novel framework for the co-segmentation task. Our network design has two key components: a region correspondence module which is the basic operation for exchanging information between local image regions, and a cycle refinement module which utilizes ConvLSTMs to progressively update image embeddings and exchange information in a cycle manner. Experiment results on four popular benchmark datasets -- PASCAL VOC dataset, MSRC dataset, Internet dataset and iCoseg dataset demonstrate that our proposed method significantly outperforms the existing networks and achieves new state-of-the-art performance.      
### 29.SpotPatch: Parameter-Efficient Transfer Learning for Mobile Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01260.pdf)
>  Deep learning based object detectors are commonly deployed on mobile devices to solve a variety of tasks. For maximum accuracy, each detector is usually trained to solve one single specific task, and comes with a completely independent set of parameters. While this guarantees high performance, it is also highly inefficient, as each model has to be separately downloaded and stored. In this paper we address the question: can task-specific detectors be trained and represented as a shared set of weights, plus a very small set of additional weights for each task? The main contributions of this paper are the following: 1) we perform the first systematic study of parameter-efficient transfer learning techniques for object detection problems; 2) we propose a technique to learn a model patch with a size that is dependent on the difficulty of the task to be learned, and validate our approach on 10 different object detection tasks. Our approach achieves similar accuracy as previously proposed approaches, while being significantly more compact.      
### 30.Learn by Guessing: Multi-Step Pseudo-Label Refinement for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01215.pdf)
>  Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) methods for person Re-Identification (Re-ID) rely on target domain samples to model the marginal distribution of the data. To deal with the lack of target domain labels, UDA methods leverage information from labeled source samples and unlabeled target samples. A promising approach relies on the use of unsupervised learning as part of the pipeline, such as clustering methods. The quality of the clusters clearly plays a major role in methods performance, but this point has been overlooked. In this work, we propose a multi-step pseudo-label refinement method to select the best possible clusters and keep improving them so that these clusters become closer to the class divisions without knowledge of the class labels. Our refinement method includes a cluster selection strategy and a camera-based normalization method which reduces the within-domain variations caused by the use of multiple cameras in person Re-ID. This allows our method to reach state-of-the-art UDA results on DukeMTMC-Market1501 (source-target). We surpass state-of-the-art for UDA Re-ID by 3.4% on Market1501-DukeMTMC datasets, which is a more challenging adaptation setup because the target domain (DukeMTMC) has eight distinct cameras. Furthermore, the camera-based normalization method causes a significant reduction in the number of iterations required for training convergence.      
### 31.Semantic Video Segmentation for Intracytoplasmic Sperm Injection Procedures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01207.pdf)
>  We present the first deep learning model for the analysis of intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) procedures. Using a dataset of ICSI procedure videos, we train a deep neural network to segment key objects in the videos achieving a mean IoU of 0.962, and to localize the needle tip achieving a mean pixel error of 3.793 pixels at 14 FPS on a single GPU. We further analyze the variation between the dataset's human annotators and find the model's performance to be comparable to human experts.      
### 32.Monocular Depth Estimation for Soft Visuotactile Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01677.pdf)
>  Fluid-filled soft visuotactile sensors such as the Soft-bubbles alleviate key challenges for robust manipulation, as they enable reliable grasps along with the ability to obtain high-resolution sensory feedback on contact geometry and forces. Although they are simple in construction, their utility has been limited due to size constraints introduced by enclosed custom IR/depth imaging sensors to directly measure surface deformations. Towards mitigating this limitation, we investigate the application of state-of-the-art monocular depth estimation to infer dense internal (tactile) depth maps directly from the internal single small IR imaging sensor. Through real-world experiments, we show that deep networks typically used for long-range depth estimation (1-100m) can be effectively trained for precise predictions at a much shorter range (1-100mm) inside a mostly textureless deformable fluid-filled sensor. We propose a simple supervised learning process to train an object-agnostic network requiring less than 10 random poses in contact for less than 10 seconds for a small set of diverse objects (mug, wine glass, box, and fingers in our experiments). We show that our approach is sample-efficient, accurate, and generalizes across different objects and sensor configurations unseen at training time. Finally, we discuss the implications of our approach for the design of soft visuotactile sensors and grippers.      
### 33.Robust R-Peak Detection in Low-Quality Holter ECGs using 1D Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01666.pdf)
>  Noise and low quality of ECG signals acquired from Holter or wearable devices deteriorate the accuracy and robustness of R-peak detection algorithms. This paper presents a generic and robust system for R-peak detection in Holter ECG signals. While many proposed algorithms have successfully addressed the problem of ECG R-peak detection, there is still a notable gap in the performance of these detectors on such low-quality ECG records. Therefore, in this study, a novel implementation of the 1D Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is used integrated with a verification model to reduce the number of false alarms. This CNN architecture consists of an encoder block and a corresponding decoder block followed by a sample-wise classification layer to construct the 1D segmentation map of R- peaks from the input ECG signal. Once the proposed model has been trained, it can solely be used to detect R-peaks possibly in a single channel ECG data stream quickly and accurately, or alternatively, such a solution can be conveniently employed for real-time monitoring on a lightweight portable device. The model is tested on two open-access ECG databases: The China Physiological Signal Challenge (2020) database (CPSC-DB) with more than one million beats, and the commonly used MIT-BIH Arrhythmia Database (MIT-DB). Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed systematic approach achieves 99.30% F1-score, 99.69% recall, and 98.91% precision in CPSC-DB, which is the best R-peak detection performance ever achieved. Compared to all competing methods, the proposed approach can reduce the false-positives and false-negatives in Holter ECG signals by more than 54% and 82%, respectively. Results also demonstrate similar or better performance than most competing algorithms on MIT-DB with 99.83% F1-score, 99.85% recall, and 99.82% precision.      
### 34.Contextual colorization and denoising for low-light ultra high resolution sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01597.pdf)
>  Low-light image sequences generally suffer from spatio-temporal incoherent noise, flicker and blurring of moving objects. These artefacts significantly reduce visual quality and, in most cases, post-processing is needed in order to generate acceptable quality. Most state-of-the-art enhancement methods based on machine learning require ground truth data but this is not usually available for naturally captured low light sequences. We tackle these problems with an unpaired-learning method that offers simultaneous colorization and denoising. Our approach is an adaptation of the CycleGAN structure. To overcome the excessive memory limitations associated with ultra high resolution content, we propose a multiscale patch-based framework, capturing both local and contextual features. Additionally, an adaptive temporal smoothing technique is employed to remove flickering artefacts. Experimental results show that our method outperforms existing approaches in terms of subjective quality and that it is robust to variations in brightness levels and noise.      
### 35.Density Compensated Unrolled Networks for Non-Cartesian MRI Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01570.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have recently been thoroughly investigated as a powerful tool for MRI reconstruction. There is a lack of research however regarding their use for a specific setting of MRI, namely non-Cartesian acquisitions. In this work, we introduce a novel kind of deep neural networks to tackle this problem, namely density compensated unrolled neural networks. We assess their efficiency on the publicly available fastMRI dataset, and perform a small ablation study. We also open source our code, in particular a Non-Uniform Fast Fourier transform for TensorFlow.      
### 36.Brain Tumor Segmentation and Survival Prediction using Automatic Hard mining in 3D CNN Architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01546.pdf)
>  We utilize 3-D fully convolutional neural networks (CNN) to segment gliomas and its constituents from multimodal Magnetic Resonance Images (MRI). The architecture uses dense connectivity patterns to reduce the number of weights and residual connections and is initialized with weights obtained from training this model with BraTS 2018 dataset. Hard mining is done during training to train for the difficult cases of segmentation tasks by increasing the dice similarity coefficient (DSC) threshold to choose the hard cases as epoch increases. On the BraTS2020 validation data (n = 125), this architecture achieved a tumor core, whole tumor, and active tumor dice of 0.744, 0.876, 0.714,respectively. On the test dataset, we get an increment in DSC of tumor core and active tumor by approximately 7%. In terms of DSC, our network performances on the BraTS 2020 test data are 0.775, 0.815, and 0.85 for enhancing tumor, tumor core, and whole tumor, respectively. Overall survival of a subject is determined using conventional machine learning from rediomics features obtained using a generated segmentation mask. Our approach has achieved 0.448 and 0.452 as the accuracy on the validation and test dataset.      
### 37.On the Control of Attentional Processes in Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01533.pdf)
>  The study of attentional processing in vision has a long and deep history. Recently, several papers have presented insightful perspectives into how the coordination of multiple attentional functions in the brain might occur. These begin with experimental observations and the authors propose structures, processes, and computations that might explain those observations. Here, we consider a perspective that past works have not, as a complementary approach to the experimentally-grounded ones. We approach the same problem as past authors but from the other end of the computational spectrum, from the problem nature, as Marr's Computational Level would prescribe. What problem must the brain solve when orchestrating attentional processes in order to successfully complete one of the myriad possible visuospatial tasks at which we as humans excel? The hope, of course, is for the approaches to eventually meet and thus form a complete theory, but this is likely not soon. We make the first steps towards this by addressing the necessity of attentional control, examining the breadth and computational difficulty of the visuospatial and attentional tasks seen in human behavior, and suggesting a sketch of how attentional control might arise in the brain. The key conclusions of this paper are that an executive controller is necessary for human attentional function in vision, and that there is a 'first principles' computational approach to its understanding that is complementary to the previous approaches that focus on modelling or learning from experimental observations directly.      
### 38.End-to-End Video Question-Answer Generation with Generator-Pretester Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01447.pdf)
>  We study a novel task, Video Question-Answer Generation (VQAG), for challenging Video Question Answering (Video QA) task in multimedia. Due to expensive data annotation costs, many widely used, large-scale Video QA datasets such as Video-QA, MSVD-QA and MSRVTT-QA are automatically annotated using Caption Question Generation (CapQG) which inputs captions instead of the video itself. As captions neither fully represent a video, nor are they always practically available, it is crucial to generate question-answer pairs based on a video via Video Question-Answer Generation (VQAG). Existing video-to-text (V2T) approaches, despite taking a video as the input, only generate a question alone. In this work, we propose a novel model Generator-Pretester Network that focuses on two components: (1) The Joint Question-Answer Generator (JQAG) which generates a question with its corresponding answer to allow Video Question "Answering" training. (2) The Pretester (PT) verifies a generated question by trying to answer it and checks the pretested answer with both the model's proposed answer and the ground truth answer. We evaluate our system with the only two available large-scale human-annotated Video QA datasets and achieves state-of-the-art question generation performances. Furthermore, using our generated QA pairs only on the Video QA task, we can surpass some supervised baselines. We apply our generated questions to Video QA applications and surpasses some supervised baselines using generated questions only. As a pre-training strategy, we outperform both CapQG and transfer learning approaches when employing semi-supervised (20%) or fully supervised learning with annotated data. These experimental results suggest the novel perspectives for Video QA training.      
### 39.CLOI: An Automated Benchmark Framework For Generating Geometric Digital Twins Of Industrial Facilities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01355.pdf)
>  This paper devises, implements and benchmarks a novel framework, named CLOI, that can accurately generate individual labelled point clusters of the most important shapes of existing industrial facilities with minimal manual effort in a generic point-level format. CLOI employs a combination of deep learning and geometric methods to segment the points into classes and individual instances. The current geometric digital twin generation from point cloud data in commercial software is a tedious, manual process. Experiments with our CLOI framework reveal that the method can reliably segment complex and incomplete point clouds of industrial facilities, yielding 82% class segmentation accuracy. Compared to the current state-of-practice, the proposed framework can realize estimated time-savings of 30% on average. CLOI is the first framework of its kind to have achieved geometric digital twinning for the most important objects of industrial factories. It provides the foundation for further research on the generation of semantically enriched digital twins of the built environment.      
### 40.Reconstructing Patchy Reionization with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01214.pdf)
>  The precision anticipated from next-generation cosmic microwave background (CMB) surveys will create opportunities for characteristically new insights into cosmology. Secondary anisotropies of the CMB will have an increased importance in forthcoming surveys, due both to the cosmological information they encode and the role they play in obscuring our view of the primary fluctuations. Quadratic estimators have become the standard tools for reconstructing the fields that distort the primary CMB and produce secondary anisotropies. While successful for lensing reconstruction with current data, quadratic estimators will be sub-optimal for the reconstruction of lensing and other effects at the expected sensitivity of the upcoming CMB surveys. In this paper we describe a convolutional neural network, ResUNet-CMB, that is capable of the simultaneous reconstruction of two sources of secondary CMB anisotropies, gravitational lensing and patchy reionization. We show that the ResUNet-CMB network significantly outperforms the quadratic estimator at low noise levels and is not subject to the lensing-induced bias on the patchy reionization reconstruction that would be present with a straightforward application of the quadratic estimator.      
### 41.Advances in Electron Microscopy with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01178.pdf)
>  This doctoral thesis covers some of my advances in electron microscopy with deep learning. Highlights include a comprehensive review of deep learning in electron microscopy; large new electron microscopy datasets for machine learning, dataset search engines based on variational autoencoders, and automatic data clustering by t-distributed stochastic neighbour embedding; adaptive learning rate clipping to stabilize learning; generative adversarial networks for compressed sensing with spiral, uniformly spaced and other fixed sparse scan paths; recurrent neural networks trained to piecewise adapt sparse scan paths to specimens by reinforcement learning; improving signal-to-noise; and conditional generative adversarial networks for exit wavefunction reconstruction from single transmission electron micrographs. This thesis adds to my publications by presenting their relationships, reflections, and holistic conclusions. This copy of my thesis is typeset for online dissemination to improve readability, whereas the thesis submitted to the University of Warwick in support of my application for the degree of Doctor of Philosophy in Physics will be typeset for physical printing and binding.      
