# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 28 Jan 2021
### 1.Generative Multi-Label Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11606.pdf)
>  Multi-label zero-shot learning strives to classify images into multiple unseen categories for which no data is available during training. The test samples can additionally contain seen categories in the generalized variant. Existing approaches rely on learning either shared or label-specific attention from the seen classes. Nevertheless, computing reliable attention maps for unseen classes during inference in a multi-label setting is still a challenge. In contrast, state-of-the-art single-label generative adversarial network (GAN) based approaches learn to directly synthesize the class-specific visual features from the corresponding class attribute embeddings. However, synthesizing multi-label features from GANs is still unexplored in the context of zero-shot setting. In this work, we introduce different fusion approaches at the attribute-level, feature-level and cross-level (across attribute and feature-levels) for synthesizing multi-label features from their corresponding multi-label class embedding. To the best of our knowledge, our work is the first to tackle the problem of multi-label feature synthesis in the (generalized) zero-shot setting. Comprehensive experiments are performed on three zero-shot image classification benchmarks: NUS-WIDE, Open Images and MS COCO. Our cross-level fusion-based generative approach outperforms the state-of-the-art on all three datasets. Furthermore, we show the generalization capabilities of our fusion approach in the zero-shot detection task on MS COCO, achieving favorable performance against existing methods. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/akshitac8/Generative_MLZSL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.Bottleneck Transformers for Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11605.pdf)
>  We present BoTNet, a conceptually simple yet powerful backbone architecture that incorporates self-attention for multiple computer vision tasks including image classification, object detection and instance segmentation. By just replacing the spatial convolutions with global self-attention in the final three bottleneck blocks of a ResNet and no other changes, our approach improves upon the baselines significantly on instance segmentation and object detection while also reducing the parameters, with minimal overhead in latency. Through the design of BoTNet, we also point out how ResNet bottleneck blocks with self-attention can be viewed as Transformer blocks. Without any bells and whistles, BoTNet achieves 44.4% Mask AP and 49.7% Box AP on the COCO Instance Segmentation benchmark using the Mask R-CNN framework; surpassing the previous best published single model and single scale results of ResNeSt evaluated on the COCO validation set. Finally, we present a simple adaptation of the BoTNet design for image classification, resulting in models that achieve a strong performance of 84.7% top-1 accuracy on the ImageNet benchmark while being up to 2.33x faster in compute time than the popular EfficientNet models on TPU-v3 hardware. We hope our simple and effective approach will serve as a strong baseline for future research in self-attention models for vision.      
### 3.Shape or Texture: Understanding Discriminative Features in CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11604.pdf)
>  Contrasting the previous evidence that neurons in the later layers of a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) respond to complex object shapes, recent studies have shown that CNNs actually exhibit a `texture bias': given an image with both texture and shape cues (e.g., a stylized image), a CNN is biased towards predicting the category corresponding to the texture. However, these previous studies conduct experiments on the final classification output of the network, and fail to robustly evaluate the bias contained (i) in the latent representations, and (ii) on a per-pixel level. In this paper, we design a series of experiments that overcome these issues. We do this with the goal of better understanding what type of shape information contained in the network is discriminative, where shape information is encoded, as well as when the network learns about object shape during training. We show that a network learns the majority of overall shape information at the first few epochs of training and that this information is largely encoded in the last few layers of a CNN. Finally, we show that the encoding of shape does not imply the encoding of localized per-pixel semantic information. The experimental results and findings provide a more accurate understanding of the behaviour of current CNNs, thus helping to inform future design choices.      
### 4.Detecting Deepfake Videos Using Euler Video Magnification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11563.pdf)
>  Recent advances in artificial intelligence make it progressively hard to distinguish between genuine and counterfeit media, especially images and videos. One recent development is the rise of deepfake videos, based on manipulating videos using advanced machine learning techniques. This involves replacing the face of an individual from a source video with the face of a second person, in the destination video. This idea is becoming progressively refined as deepfakes are getting progressively seamless and simpler to compute. Combined with the outreach and speed of social media, deepfakes could easily fool individuals when depicting someone saying things that never happened and thus could persuade people in believing fictional scenarios, creating distress, and spreading fake news. In this paper, we examine a technique for possible identification of deepfake videos. We use Euler video magnification which applies spatial decomposition and temporal filtering on video data to highlight and magnify hidden features like skin pulsation and subtle motions. Our approach uses features extracted from the Euler technique to train three models to classify counterfeit and unaltered videos and compare the results with existing techniques.      
### 5.Scheduled Sampling in Vision-Language Pretraining with Decoupled Encoder-Decoder Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11562.pdf)
>  Despite having impressive vision-language (VL) pretraining with BERT-based encoder for VL understanding, the pretraining of a universal encoder-decoder for both VL understanding and generation remains challenging. The difficulty originates from the inherently different peculiarities of the two disciplines, e.g., VL understanding tasks capitalize on the unrestricted message passing across modalities, while generation tasks only employ visual-to-textual message passing. In this paper, we start with a two-stream decoupled design of encoder-decoder structure, in which two decoupled cross-modal encoder and decoder are involved to separately perform each type of proxy tasks, for simultaneous VL understanding and generation pretraining. Moreover, for VL pretraining, the dominant way is to replace some input visual/word tokens with mask tokens and enforce the multi-modal encoder/decoder to reconstruct the original tokens, but no mask token is involved when fine-tuning on downstream tasks. As an alternative, we propose a primary scheduled sampling strategy that elegantly mitigates such discrepancy via pretraining encoder-decoder in a two-pass manner. Extensive experiments demonstrate the compelling generalizability of our pretrained encoder-decoder by fine-tuning on four VL understanding and generation downstream tasks. Source code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/YehLi/TDEN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 6.Syntactically Guided Generative Embeddings for Zero-Shot Skeleton Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11530.pdf)
>  We introduce SynSE, a novel syntactically guided generative approach for Zero-Shot Learning (ZSL). Our end-to-end approach learns progressively refined generative embedding spaces constrained within and across the involved modalities (visual, language). The inter-modal constraints are defined between action sequence embedding and embeddings of Parts of Speech (PoS) tagged words in the corresponding action description. We deploy SynSE for the task of skeleton-based action sequence recognition. Our design choices enable SynSE to generalize compositionally, i.e., recognize sequences whose action descriptions contain words not encountered during training. We also extend our approach to the more challenging Generalized Zero-Shot Learning (GZSL) problem via a confidence-based gating mechanism. We are the first to present zero-shot skeleton action recognition results on the large-scale NTU-60 and NTU-120 skeleton action datasets with multiple splits. Our results demonstrate SynSE's state of the art performance in both ZSL and GZSL settings compared to strong baselines on the NTU-60 and NTU-120 datasets.      
### 7.NTU60-X: Towards Skeleton-based Recognition of Subtle Human Actions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11529.pdf)
>  The lack of fine-grained joints such as hand fingers is a fundamental performance bottleneck for state of the art skeleton action recognition models trained on the largest action recognition dataset, NTU-RGBD. To address this bottleneck, we introduce a new skeleton based human action dataset - NTU60-X. In addition to the 25 body joints for each skeleton as in NTU-RGBD, NTU60-X dataset includes finger and facial joints, enabling a richer skeleton representation. We appropriately modify the state of the art approaches to enable training using the introduced dataset. Our results demonstrate the effectiveness of NTU60-X in overcoming the aforementioned bottleneck and improve state of the art performance, overall and on hitherto worst performing action categories.      
### 8.Effects of Image Size on Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11508.pdf)
>  The question is: what size of the region of interest is likely to lead to better training outcomes? To answer this: The U-net is used for semantic segmentation. Image interpolation algorithms are used to double the cropped image size and create new datasets. Depending on the selected image interpolation algorithm category, non-original classes are created in the ground truth images thus a filtering strategy is introduced to remove such spurious classes. Evaluation results of effects on the myocardium segmentation and quantification of the myocardial infarction are provided and discussed.      
### 9.Utilizing Uncertainty Estimation in Deep Learning Segmentation of Fluorescence Microscopy Images with Missing Markers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11476.pdf)
>  Fluorescence microscopy images contain several channels, each indicating a marker staining the sample. Since many different marker combinations are utilized in practice, it has been challenging to apply deep learning based segmentation models, which expect a predefined channel combination for all training samples as well as at inference for future application. Recent work circumvents this problem using a modality attention approach to be effective across any possible marker combination. However, for combinations that do not exist in a labeled training dataset, one cannot have any estimation of potential segmentation quality if that combination is encountered during inference. Without this, not only one lacks quality assurance but one also does not know where to put any additional imaging and labeling effort. We herein propose a method to estimate segmentation quality on unlabeled images by (i) estimating both aleatoric and epistemic uncertainties of convolutional neural networks for image segmentation, and (ii) training a Random Forest model for the interpretation of uncertainty features via regression to their corresponding segmentation metrics. Additionally, we demonstrate that including these uncertainty measures during training can provide an improvement on segmentation performance.      
### 10.Spatial-Channel Transformer Network for Trajectory Prediction on the Traffic Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11472.pdf)
>  Predicting motion of surrounding agents is critical to real-world applications of tactical path planning for autonomous driving. Due to the complex temporal dependencies and social interactions of agents, on-line trajectory prediction is a challenging task. With the development of attention mechanism in recent years, transformer model has been applied in natural language sequence processing first and then image processing. In this paper, we present a Spatial-Channel Transformer Network for trajectory prediction with attention functions. Instead of RNN models, we employ transformer model to capture the spatial-temporal features of agents. A channel-wise module is inserted to measure the social interaction between agents. We find that the Spatial-Channel Transformer Network achieves promising results on real-world trajectory prediction datasets on the traffic scenes.      
### 11.Detecting Adversarial Examples by Input Transformations, Defense Perturbations, and Voting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11466.pdf)
>  Over the last few years, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have proved to reach super-human performance in visual recognition tasks. However, CNNs can easily be fooled by adversarial examples, i.e., maliciously-crafted images that force the networks to predict an incorrect output while being extremely similar to those for which a correct output is predicted. Regular adversarial examples are not robust to input image transformations, which can then be used to detect whether an adversarial example is presented to the network. Nevertheless, it is still possible to generate adversarial examples that are robust to such transformations. <br>This paper extensively explores the detection of adversarial examples via image transformations and proposes a novel methodology, called \textit{defense perturbation}, to detect robust adversarial examples with the same input transformations the adversarial examples are robust to. Such a \textit{defense perturbation} is shown to be an effective counter-measure to robust adversarial examples. <br>Furthermore, multi-network adversarial examples are introduced. This kind of adversarial examples can be used to simultaneously fool multiple networks, which is critical in systems that use network redundancy, such as those based on architectures with majority voting over multiple CNNs. An extensive set of experiments based on state-of-the-art CNNs trained on the Imagenet dataset is finally reported.      
### 12.Machine learning with limited data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11461.pdf)
>  Thanks to the availability of powerful computing resources, big data and deep learning algorithms, we have made great progress on computer vision in the last few years. Computer vision systems begin to surpass humans in some tasks, such as object recognition, object detection, face recognition and pose estimation. Lots of computer vision algorithms have been deployed to real world applications and started to improve our life quality. However, big data and labels are not always available. Sometimes we only have very limited labeled data, such as medical images which requires experts to label them. In this paper, we study few shot image classification, in which we only have very few labeled data. Machine learning with little data is a big challenge. To tackle this challenge, we propose two methods and test their effectiveness thoroughly. One method is to augment image features by mixing the style of these images. The second method is applying spatial attention to explore the relations between patches of images. We also find that domain shift is a critical issue in few shot learning when the training domain and testing domain are different. So we propose a more realistic cross-domain few-shot learning with unlabeled data setting, in which some unlabeled data is available in the target domain. We propose two methods in this setting. Our first method transfers the style information of the unlabeled target dataset to the samples in the source dataset and trains a model with stylized images and original images. Our second method proposes a unified framework to fully utilize all the data. Both of our methods surpass the baseline method by a large margin.      
### 13.Controlling by Showing: i-Mimic: A Video-based Method to Control Robotic Arms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11451.pdf)
>  A novel concept of vision-based intelligent control of robotic arms is developed here in this work. This work enables the controlling of robotic arms motion only with visual inputs, that is, controlling by showing the videos of correct movements. This work can broadly be sub-divided into two segments. The first part of this work is to develop an unsupervised vision-based method to control robotic arm in 2-D plane, and the second one is with deep CNN in the same task in 3-D plane. The first method is unsupervised, where our aim is to perform mimicking of human arm motion in real-time by a manipulator. We developed a network, namely the vision-to-motion optical network (DON), where the input should be a video stream containing hand movements of human, the the output would be out the velocity and torque information of the hand movements shown in the videos. The output information of the DON is then fed to the robotic arm by enabling it to generate motion according to the real hand videos. The method has been tested with both live-stream video feed as well as on recorded video obtained from a monocular camera even by intelligently predicting the trajectory of human hand hand when it gets occluded. This is why the mimicry of the arm incorporates some intelligence to it and becomes intelligent mimic (i-mimic). Alongside the unsupervised method another method has also been developed deploying the deep neural network technique with CNN (Convolutional Neural Network) to perform the mimicking, where labelled datasets are used for training. The same dataset, as used in the unsupervised DON-based method, is used in the deep CNN method, after manual annotations. Both the proposed methods are validated with off-line as well as with on-line video datasets in real-time. The entire methodology is validated with real-time 1-link and simulated n-link manipulators alongwith suitable comparisons.      
### 14.Towards Improving the Consistency, Efficiency, and Flexibility of Differentiable Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11342.pdf)
>  Most differentiable neural architecture search methods construct a super-net for search and derive a target-net as its sub-graph for evaluation. There exists a significant gap between the architectures in search and evaluation. As a result, current methods suffer from an inconsistent, inefficient, and inflexible search process. In this paper, we introduce EnTranNAS that is composed of Engine-cells and Transit-cells. The Engine-cell is differentiable for architecture search, while the Transit-cell only transits a sub-graph by architecture derivation. Consequently, the gap between the architectures in search and evaluation is significantly reduced. Our method also spares much memory and computation cost, which speeds up the search process. A feature sharing strategy is introduced for more balanced optimization and more efficient search. Furthermore, we develop an architecture derivation method to replace the traditional one that is based on a hand-crafted rule. Our method enables differentiable sparsification, and keeps the derived architecture equivalent to that of Engine-cell, which further improves the consistency between search and evaluation. Besides, it supports the search for topology where a node can be connected to prior nodes with any number of connections, so that the searched architectures could be more flexible. For experiments on CIFAR-10, our search on the standard space requires only 0.06 GPU-day. We further have an error rate of 2.22% with 0.07 GPU-day for the search on an extended space. We can also directly perform the search on ImageNet with topology learnable and achieve a top-1 error rate of 23.8% in 2.1 GPU-day.      
### 15.Edge-Labeling based Directed Gated Graph Network for Few-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11299.pdf)
>  Existing graph-network-based few-shot learning methods obtain similarity between nodes through a convolution neural network (CNN). However, the CNN is designed for image data with spatial information rather than vector form node feature. In this paper, we proposed an edge-labeling-based directed gated graph network (DGGN) for few-shot learning, which utilizes gated recurrent units to implicitly update the similarity between nodes. DGGN is composed of a gated node aggregation module and an improved gated recurrent unit (GRU) based edge update module. Specifically, the node update module adopts a gate mechanism using activation of edge feature, making a learnable node aggregation process. Besides, improved GRU cells are employed in the edge update procedure to compute the similarity between nodes. Further, this mechanism is beneficial to gradient backpropagation through the GRU sequence across layers. Experiment results conducted on two benchmark datasets show that our DGGN achieves a comparable performance to the-state-of-art methods.      
### 16.Deep Image Retrieval: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11282.pdf)
>  In recent years a vast amount of visual content has been generated and shared from various fields, such as social media platforms, medical images, and robotics. This abundance of content creation and sharing has introduced new challenges. In particular, searching databases for similar content, i.e. content based image retrieval (CBIR), is a long-established research area, and more efficient and accurate methods are needed for real time retrieval. Artificial intelligence has made progress in CBIR and has significantly facilitated the process of intelligent search. In this survey we organize and review recent CBIR works that are developed based on deep learning algorithms and techniques, including insights and techniques from recent papers. We identify and present the commonly-used databases, benchmarks, and evaluation methods used in the field. We collect common challenges and propose promising future directions. More specifically, we focus on image retrieval with deep learning and organize the state of the art methods according to the types of deep network structure, deep features, feature enhancement methods, and network fine-tuning strategies. Our survey considers a wide variety of recent methods, aiming to promote a global view of the field of category-based CBIR.      
### 17.TorchPRISM: Principal Image Sections Mapping, a novel method for Convolutional Neural Network features visualization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11266.pdf)
>  In this paper we introduce a tool called Principal Image Sections Mapping - PRISM, dedicated for PyTorch, but can be easily ported to other deep learning frameworks. Presented software relies on Principal Component Analysis to visualize the most significant features recognized by a given Convolutional Neural Network. Moreover, it allows to display comparative set features between images processed in the same batch, therefore PRISM can be a method well synerging with technique Explanation by Example.      
### 18.Puzzle-CAM: Improved localization via matching partial and full features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11253.pdf)
>  Weakly-supervised semantic segmentation (WSSS) is introduced to narrow the gap for semantic segmentation performance from pixel-level supervision to image-level supervision. Most advanced approaches are based on class activation maps (CAMs) to generate pseudo-labels to train the segmentation network. The main limitation of WSSS is that the process of generating pseudo-labels from CAMs that use an image classifier is mainly focused on the most discriminative parts of the objects. To address this issue, we propose Puzzle-CAM, a process that minimizes differences between the features from separate patches and the whole image. Our method consists of a puzzle module and two regularization terms to discover the most integrated region in an object. Puzzle-CAM can activate the overall region of an object using image-level supervision without requiring extra parameters. % In experiments, Puzzle-CAM outperformed previous state-of-the-art methods using the same labels for supervision on the PASCAL VOC 2012 test dataset. In experiments, Puzzle-CAM outperformed previous state-of-the-art methods using the same labels for supervision on the PASCAL VOC 2012 dataset. Code associated with our experiments is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/OFRIN/PuzzleCAM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 19.e-ACJ: Accurate Junction Extraction For Event Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11251.pdf)
>  Junctions reflect the important geometrical structure information of the image, and are of primary significance to applications such as image matching and motion analysis. Previous event-based feature extraction methods are mainly focused on corners, which mainly find their locations, however, ignoring the geometrical structure information like orientations and scales of edges. This paper adapts the frame-based a-contrario junction detector(ACJ) to event data, proposing the event-based a-contrario junction detector(e-ACJ), which yields junctions' locations while giving the scales and orientations of their branches. The proposed method relies on an a-contrario model and can operate on asynchronous events directly without generating synthesized event frames. We evaluate the performance on public event datasets. The result shows our method successfully finds the orientations and scales of branches, while maintaining high accuracy in junction's location.      
### 20.Efficient Video Summarization Framework using EEG and Eye-tracking Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11249.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an efficient video summarization framework that will give a gist of the entire video in a few key-frames or video skims. Existing video summarization frameworks are based on algorithms that utilize computer vision low-level feature extraction or high-level domain level extraction. However, being the ultimate user of the summarized video, humans remain the most neglected aspect. Therefore, the proposed paper considers human's role in summarization and introduces human visual attention-based summarization techniques. To understand human attention behavior, we have designed and performed experiments with human participants using electroencephalogram (EEG) and eye-tracking technology. The EEG and eye-tracking data obtained from the experimentation are processed simultaneously and used to segment frames containing useful information from a considerable video volume. Thus, the frame segmentation primarily relies on the cognitive judgments of human beings. Using our approach, a video is summarized by 96.5% while maintaining higher precision and high recall factors. The comparison with the state-of-the-art techniques demonstrates that the proposed approach yields ceiling-level performance with reduced computational cost in summarising the videos.      
### 21.Convolutional Neural Network-Based Age Estimation Using B-Mode Ultrasound Tongue Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11245.pdf)
>  Ultrasound tongue imaging is widely used for speech production research, and it has attracted increasing attention as its potential applications seem to be evident in many different fields, such as the visual biofeedback tool for second language acquisition and silent speech interface. Unlike previous studies, here we explore the feasibility of age estimation using the ultrasound tongue image of the speakers. Motivated by the success of deep learning, this paper leverages deep learning on this task. We train a deep convolutional neural network model on the UltraSuite dataset. The deep model achieves mean absolute error (MAE) of 2.03 for the data from typically developing children, while MAE is 4.87 for the data from the children with speech sound disorders, which suggest that age estimation using ultrasound is more challenging for the children with speech sound disorder. The developed method can be used a tool to evaluate the performance of speech therapy sessions. It is also worthwhile to notice that, although we leverage the ultrasound tongue imaging for our study, the proposed methods may also be extended to other imaging modalities (e.g. MRI) to assist the studies on speech production.      
### 22.Im2Mesh GAN: Accurate 3D Hand Mesh Recovery from a Single RGB Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11239.pdf)
>  This work addresses hand mesh recovery from a single RGB image. In contrast to most of the existing approaches where the parametric hand models are employed as the prior, we show that the hand mesh can be learned directly from the input image. We propose a new type of GAN called Im2Mesh GAN to learn the mesh through end-to-end adversarial training. By interpreting the mesh as a graph, our model is able to capture the topological relationship among the mesh vertices. We also introduce a 3D surface descriptor into the GAN architecture to further capture the 3D features associated. We experiment two approaches where one can reap the benefits of coupled groundtruth data availability of images and the corresponding meshes, while the other combats the more challenging problem of mesh estimations without the corresponding groundtruth. Through extensive evaluations we demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art.      
### 23.GaitGraph: Graph Convolutional Network for Skeleton-Based Gait Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11228.pdf)
>  Gait recognition is a promising video-based biometric for identifying individual walking patterns from a long distance. At present, most gait recognition methods use silhouette images to represent a person in each frame. However, silhouette images can lose fine-grained spatial information, and most papers do not regard how to obtain these silhouettes in complex scenes. Furthermore, silhouette images contain not only gait features but also other visual clues that can be recognized. Hence these approaches can not be considered as strict gait recognition. <br>We leverage recent advances in human pose estimation to estimate robust skeleton poses directly from RGB images to bring back model-based gait recognition with a cleaner representation of gait. Thus, we propose GaitGraph that combines skeleton poses with Graph Convolutional Network (GCN) to obtain a modern model-based approach for gait recognition. The main advantages are a cleaner, more elegant extraction of the gait features and the ability to incorporate powerful spatio-temporal modeling using GCN. Experiments on the popular CASIA-B gait dataset show that our method archives state-of-the-art performance in model-based gait recognition. <br>The code and models are publicly available.      
### 24.Reciprocal Landmark Detection and Tracking with Extremely Few Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11224.pdf)
>  Localization of anatomical landmarks to perform two-dimensional measurements in echocardiography is part of routine clinical workflow in cardiac disease diagnosis. Automatic localization of those landmarks is highly desirable to improve workflow and reduce interobserver variability. Training a machine learning framework to perform such localization is hindered given the sparse nature of gold standard labels; only few percent of cardiac cine series frames are normally manually labeled for clinical use. In this paper, we propose a new end-to-end reciprocal detection and tracking model that is specifically designed to handle the sparse nature of echocardiography labels. The model is trained using few annotated frames across the entire cardiac cine sequence to generate consistent detection and tracking of landmarks, and an adversarial training for the model is proposed to take advantage of these annotated frames. The superiority of the proposed reciprocal model is demonstrated using a series of experiments.      
### 25.Multi-Hypothesis Pose Networks: Rethinking Top-Down Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11223.pdf)
>  A key assumption of top-down human pose estimation approaches is their expectation of having a single person present in the input bounding box. This often leads to failures in crowded scenes with occlusions. We propose a novel solution to overcome the limitations of this fundamental assumption. Our Multi-Hypothesis Pose Network (MHPNet) allows for predicting multiple 2D poses within a given bounding box. We introduce a Multi-Hypothesis Attention Block (MHAB) that can adaptively modulate channel-wise feature responses for each hypothesis and is parameter efficient. We demonstrate the efficacy of our approach by evaluating on COCO, CrowdPose, and OCHuman datasets. Specifically, we achieve 70.0 AP on CrowdPose and 42.5 AP on OCHuman test sets, a significant improvement of 2.4 AP and 6.5 AP over the prior art, respectively. When using ground truth bounding boxes for inference, MHPNet achieves an improvement of 0.7 AP on COCO, 0.9 AP on CrowdPose, and 9.1 AP on OCHuman validation sets compared to HRNet. Interestingly, when fewer, high confidence bounding boxes are used, HRNet's performance degrades (by 5 AP) on OCHuman, whereas MHPNet maintains a relatively stable performance (a drop of 1 AP) for the same inputs.      
### 26.Automatic image annotation base on Naive Bayes and Decision Tree classifiers using MPEG-7  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11222.pdf)
>  Recently it has become essential to search for and retrieve high-resolution and efficient images easily due to swift development of digital images, many present annotation algorithms facing a big challenge which is the variance for represent the image where high level represent image semantic and low level illustrate the features, this issue is known as semantic gab. This work has been used MPEG-7 standard to extract the features from the images, where the color feature was extracted by using Scalable Color Descriptor (SCD) and Color Layout Descriptor (CLD), whereas the texture feature was extracted by employing Edge Histogram Descriptor (EHD), the CLD produced high dimensionality feature vector therefore it is reduced by Principal Component Analysis (PCA). The features that have extracted by these three descriptors could be passing to the classifiers (Naive Bayes and Decision Tree) for training. Finally, they annotated the query image. In this study TUDarmstadt image bank had been used. The results of tests and comparative performance evaluation indicated better precision and executing time of Naive Bayes classification in comparison with Decision Tree classification.      
### 27.Automated Crop Field Surveillance using Computer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11217.pdf)
>  Artificial Intelligence is everywhere today. But unfortunately, Agriculture has not been able to get that much attention from Artificial Intelligence (AI). A lack of automation persists in the agriculture industry. For over many years, farmers and crop field owners have been facing a problem of trespassing of wild animals for which no feasible solution has been provided. Installing a fence or barrier like structure is neither feasible nor efficient due to the large areas covered by the fields. Also, if the landowner can afford to build a wall or barrier, government policies for building walls are often very irksome. The paper intends to give a simple intelligible solution to the problem with Automated Crop Field Surveillance using Computer Vision. The solution will significantly reduce the cost of crops destroyed annually and completely automate the security of the field.      
### 28.Arbitrary-Oriented Ship Detection through Center-Head Point Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11189.pdf)
>  Ship detection in remote sensing images plays a crucial role in military and civil applications and has drawn increasing attention in recent years. However, existing multi-oriented ship detection methods are generally developed on a set of predefined rotated anchor boxes. These predefined boxes not only lead to inaccurate angle predictions but also introduce extra hyper-parameters and high computational cost. Moreover, the prior knowledge of ship size has not been fully exploited by existing methods, which hinders the improvement of their detection accuracy. Aiming at solving the above issues, in this paper, we propose a center-head point extraction based detector (named CHPDet) to achieve arbitrary-oriented ship detection in remote sensing images. Our CHPDet formulates arbitrary-oriented ships as rotated boxes with head points which are used to determine the direction. Key-point estimation is performed to find the center of ships. Then the size and head points of the ship is regressed. Finally, we use the target size as prior to finetune the results. Moreover, we introduce a new dataset for multi-class arbitrary-oriented ship detection in remote sensing Images at fixed ground sample distance (GSD) which is named FGSD2021. Experimental results on two ship detection datasets (i.e., FGSD2021 and HRSC2016) demonstrate that our CHPDet achieves state-of-the-art performance and can well distinguish bow and stern. The code and dataset will be made publicly available.      
### 29.DeepOIS: Gyroscope-Guided Deep Optical Image Stabilizer Compensation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11183.pdf)
>  Mobile captured images can be aligned using their gyroscope sensors. Optical image stabilizer (OIS) terminates this possibility by adjusting the images during the capturing. In this work, we propose a deep network that compensates the motions caused by the OIS, such that the gyroscopes can be used for image alignment on the OIS cameras. To achieve this, first, we record both videos and gyroscopes with an OIS camera as training data. Then, we convert gyroscope readings into motion fields. Second, we propose a Fundamental Mixtures motion model for rolling shutter cameras, where an array of rotations within a frame are extracted as the ground-truth guidance. Third, we train a convolutional neural network with gyroscope motions as input to compensate for the OIS motion. Once finished, the compensation network can be applied for other scenes, where the image alignment is purely based on gyroscopes with no need for images contents, delivering strong robustness. Experiments show that our results are comparable with that of non-OIS cameras, and outperform image-based alignment results with a relatively large margin.      
### 30.On the Importance of Capturing a Sufficient Diversity of Perspective for the Classification of micro-PCBs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11164.pdf)
>  We present a dataset consisting of high-resolution images of 13 micro-PCBs captured in various rotations and perspectives relative to the camera, with each sample labeled for PCB type, rotation category, and perspective categories. We then present the design and results of experimentation on combinations of rotations and perspectives used during training and the resulting impact on test accuracy. We then show when and how well data augmentation techniques are capable of simulating rotations vs. perspectives not present in the training data. We perform all experiments using CNNs with and without homogeneous vector capsules (HVCs) and investigate and show the capsules' ability to better encode the equivariance of the sub-components of the micro-PCBs. The results of our experiments lead us to conclude that training a neural network equipped with HVCs, capable of modeling equivariance among sub-components, coupled with training on a diversity of perspectives, achieves the greatest classification accuracy on micro-PCB data.      
### 31.Automatic Comic Generation with Stylistic Multi-page Layouts and Emotion-driven Text Balloon Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11111.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a fully automatic system for generating comic books from videos without any human intervention. Given an input video along with its subtitles, our approach first extracts informative keyframes by analyzing the subtitles, and stylizes keyframes into comic-style images. Then, we propose a novel automatic multi-page layout framework, which can allocate the images across multiple pages and synthesize visually interesting layouts based on the rich semantics of the images (e.g., importance and inter-image relation). Finally, as opposed to using the same type of balloon as in previous works, we propose an emotion-aware balloon generation method to create different types of word balloons by analyzing the emotion of subtitles and audios. Our method is able to vary balloon shapes and word sizes in balloons in response to different emotions, leading to more enriched reading experience. Once the balloons are generated, they are placed adjacent to their corresponding speakers via speaker detection. Our results show that our method, without requiring any user inputs, can generate high-quality comic pages with visually rich layouts and balloons. Our user studies also demonstrate that users prefer our generated results over those by state-of-the-art comic generation systems.      
### 32.EPIC-Survival: End-to-end Part Inferred Clustering for Survival Analysis, Featuring Prognostic Stratification Boosting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11085.pdf)
>  Histopathology-based survival modelling has two major hurdles. Firstly, a well-performing survival model has minimal clinical application if it does not contribute to the stratification of a cancer patient cohort into different risk groups, preferably driven by histologic morphologies. In the clinical setting, individuals are not given specific prognostic predictions, but are rather predicted to lie within a risk group which has a general survival trend. Thus, It is imperative that a survival model produces well-stratified risk groups. Secondly, until now, survival modelling was done in a two-stage approach (encoding and aggregation). The massive amount of pixels in digitized whole slide images were never utilized to their fullest extent due to technological constraints on data processing, forcing decoupled learning. EPIC-Survival bridges encoding and aggregation into an end-to-end survival modelling approach, while introducing stratification boosting to encourage the model to not only optimize ranking, but also to discriminate between risk groups. In this study we show that EPIC-Survival performs better than other approaches in modelling intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma, a historically difficult cancer to model. Further, we show that stratification boosting improves further improves model performance, resulting in a concordance-index of 0.880 on a held-out test set. Finally, we were able to identify specific histologic differences, not commonly sought out in ICC, between low and high risk groups.      
### 33.The Effect of Class Definitions on the Transferability of Adversarial Attacks Against Forensic CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11081.pdf)
>  In recent years, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been widely used by researchers to perform forensic tasks such as image tampering detection. At the same time, adversarial attacks have been developed that are capable of fooling CNN-based classifiers. Understanding the transferability of adversarial attacks, i.e. an attacks ability to attack a different CNN than the one it was trained against, has important implications for designing CNNs that are resistant to attacks. While attacks on object recognition CNNs are believed to be transferrable, recent work by Barni et al. has shown that attacks on forensic CNNs have difficulty transferring to other CNN architectures or CNNs trained using different datasets. In this paper, we demonstrate that adversarial attacks on forensic CNNs are even less transferrable than previously thought even between virtually identical CNN architectures! We show that several common adversarial attacks against CNNs trained to identify image manipulation fail to transfer to CNNs whose only difference is in the class definitions (i.e. the same CNN architectures trained using the same data). We note that all formulations of class definitions contain the unaltered class. This has important implications for the future design of forensic CNNs that are robust to adversarial and anti-forensic attacks.      
### 34.Deep Video Inpainting Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11080.pdf)
>  This paper studies video inpainting detection, which localizes an inpainted region in a video both spatially and temporally. In particular, we introduce VIDNet, Video Inpainting Detection Network, which contains a two-stream encoder-decoder architecture with attention module. To reveal artifacts encoded in compression, VIDNet additionally takes in Error Level Analysis frames to augment RGB frames, producing multimodal features at different levels with an encoder. Exploring spatial and temporal relationships, these features are further decoded by a Convolutional LSTM to predict masks of inpainted regions. In addition, when detecting whether a pixel is inpainted or not, we present a quad-directional local attention module that borrows information from its surrounding pixels from four directions. Extensive experiments are conducted to validate our approach. We demonstrate, among other things, that VIDNet not only outperforms by clear margins alternative inpainting detection methods but also generalizes well on novel videos that are unseen during training.      
### 35.Revisiting Contrastive Learning for Few-Shot Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11058.pdf)
>  Instance discrimination based contrastive learning has emerged as a leading approach for self-supervised learning of visual representations. Yet, its generalization to novel tasks remains elusive when compared to representations learned with supervision, especially in the few-shot setting. We demonstrate how one can incorporate supervision in the instance discrimination based contrastive self-supervised learning framework to learn representations that generalize better to novel tasks. We call our approach CIDS (Contrastive Instance Discrimination with Supervision). CIDS performs favorably compared to existing algorithms on popular few-shot benchmarks like Mini-ImageNet or Tiered-ImageNet. We also propose a novel model selection algorithm that can be used in conjunction with a universal embedding trained using CIDS to outperform state-of-the-art algorithms on the challenging Meta-Dataset benchmark.      
### 36.New Algorithms for Computing Field of Vision over 2D Grids  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11002.pdf)
>  The aim of this paper is to propose new algorithms for Field of Vision (FOV) computation which improve on existing work at high resolutions. FOV refers to the set of locations that are visible from a specific position in a scene of a computer game. <br>We summarize existing algorithms for FOV computation, describe their limitations, and present new algorithms which aim to address these limitations. We first present an algorithm which makes use of spatial data structures in a way which is new for FOV calculation. We then present a novel technique which updates a previously calculated FOV, rather than re-calculating an FOV from scratch. <br>We compare our algorithms to existing FOV algorithms and show they provide substantial improvements to running time. Our algorithms provide the largest improvement over existing FOV algorithms at large grid sizes, thus allowing the possibility of the design of high resolution FOV-based video games.      
### 37.Synthetic Generation of Three-Dimensional Cancer Cell Models from Histopathological Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11600.pdf)
>  Synthetic generation of three-dimensional cell models from histopathological images enables an enhanced understanding of cell mutation, spatial context, and progression of cancer, necessary for clinical assessment and optimal treatment. Classical reconstruction algorithms based on image registration of consecutive slides of stained tissues are prone to errors and often not suitable for the training of three-dimensional segmentation algorithms. We propose a novel framework to generate synthetic three-dimensional histological models based on a generator-discriminator pattern optimizing constrained features that construct a 3D model via a blender interface exploiting smooth shape continuity typical for biological specimens. Simultaneously a discriminator is trained to distinguish between the original cell patches and projections of the three-dimensional model. To capture the spatial context of entire cell clusters we deploy a similar architecture expanded by style transfer capability. Models based on clusters of adjoined embedding points are generated to analyze the characteristic cell mutation process of breast cancer.      
### 38.An Interpretation of Regularization by Denoising and its Application with the Back-Projected Fidelity Term  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11599.pdf)
>  The vast majority of image recovery tasks are ill-posed problems. As such, methods that are based on optimization use cost functions that consist of both fidelity and prior (regularization) terms. A recent line of works imposes the prior by the Regularization by Denoising (RED) approach, which exploits the good performance of existing image denoising engines. Yet, the relation of RED to explicit prior terms is still not well understood, as previous work requires too strong assumptions on the denoisers. In this paper, we make two contributions. First, we show that the RED gradient can be seen as a (sub)gradient of a prior function--but taken at a denoised version of the point. As RED is typically applied with a relatively small noise level, this interpretation indicates a similarity between RED and traditional gradients. This leads to our second contribution: We propose to combine RED with the Back-Projection (BP) fidelity term rather than the common Least Squares (LS) term that is used in previous works. We show that the advantages of BP over LS for image deblurring and super-resolution, which have been demonstrated for traditional gradients, carry on to the RED approach.      
### 39.The Work of Art in an Age of Mechanical Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11587.pdf)
>  Can we define what it means to be "creative," and if so, can our definition drive artificial intelligence (AI) systems to feats of creativity indistinguishable from human efforts? This mixed question is considered from technological and social perspectives. Beginning with an exploration of the value we attach to authenticity in works of art, the article considers the ability of AI to detect forgeries of renowned paintings and, in so doing, somehow reveal the quiddity of a work of art. We conclude by considering whether evolving technical capability can revise traditional relationships among art, artist, and the market.      
### 40.Automatic Detection of Occulted Hard X-ray Flares Using Deep-Learning Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11550.pdf)
>  We present a concept for a machine-learning classification of hard X-ray (HXR) emissions from solar flares observed by the Reuven Ramaty High Energy Solar Spectroscopic Imager (RHESSI), identifying flares that are either occulted by the solar limb or located on the solar disk. Although HXR observations of occulted flares are important for particle-acceleration studies, HXR data analyses for past observations were time consuming and required specialized expertise. Machine-learning techniques are promising for this situation, and we constructed a sample model to demonstrate the concept using a deep-learning technique. Input data to the model are HXR spectrograms that are easily produced from RHESSI data. The model can detect occulted flares without the need for image reconstruction nor for visual inspection by experts. A technique of convolutional neural networks was used in this model by regarding the input data as images. Our model achieved a classification accuracy better than 90 %, and the ability for the application of the method to either event screening or for an event alert for occulted flares was successfully demonstrated.      
### 41.Investigating Bi-Level Optimization for Learning and Vision from a Unified Perspective: A Survey and Beyond  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11517.pdf)
>  Bi-Level Optimization (BLO) is originated from the area of economic game theory and then introduced into the optimization community. BLO is able to handle problems with a hierarchical structure, involving two levels of optimization tasks, where one task is nested inside the other. In machine learning and computer vision fields, despite the different motivations and mechanisms, a lot of complex problems, such as hyper-parameter optimization, multi-task and meta-learning, neural architecture search, adversarial learning and deep reinforcement learning, actually all contain a series of closely related subproblms. In this paper, we first uniformly express these complex learning and vision problems from the perspective of BLO. Then we construct a value-function-based single-level reformulation and establish a unified algorithmic framework to understand and formulate mainstream gradient-based BLO methodologies, covering aspects ranging from fundamental automatic differentiation schemes to various accelerations, simplifications, extensions and their convergence and complexity properties. Last but not least, we discuss the potentials of our unified BLO framework for designing new algorithms and point out some promising directions for future research.      
### 42.Meta Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11453.pdf)
>  Recently demonstrated physical-world adversarial attacks have exposed vulnerabilities in perception systems that pose severe risks for safety-critical applications such as autonomous driving. These attacks place adversarial artifacts in the physical world that indirectly cause the addition of universal perturbations to inputs of a model that can fool it in a variety of contexts. Adversarial training is the most effective defense against image-dependent adversarial attacks. However, tailoring adversarial training to universal perturbations is computationally expensive since the optimal universal perturbations depend on the model weights which change during training. We propose meta adversarial training (MAT), a novel combination of adversarial training with meta-learning, which overcomes this challenge by meta-learning universal perturbations along with model training. MAT requires little extra computation while continuously adapting a large set of perturbations to the current model. We present results for universal patch and universal perturbation attacks on image classification and traffic-light detection. MAT considerably increases robustness against universal patch attacks compared to prior work.      
### 43.Self-Calibrating Active Binocular Vision via Active Efficient Coding with Deep Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11391.pdf)
>  We present a model of the self-calibration of active binocular vision comprising the simultaneous learning of visual representations, vergence, and pursuit eye movements. The model follows the principle of Active Efficient Coding (AEC), a recent extension of the classic Efficient Coding Hypothesis to active perception. In contrast to previous AEC models, the present model uses deep autoencoders to learn sensory representations. We also propose a new formulation of the intrinsic motivation signal that guides the learning of behavior. We demonstrate the performance of the model in simulations.      
### 44.Bayesian Nested Neural Networks for Uncertainty Calibration and Adaptive Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11353.pdf)
>  Nested networks or slimmable networks are neural networks whose architectures can be adjusted instantly during testing time, e.g., based on computational constraints. Recent studies have focused on a "nested dropout" layer, which is able to order the nodes of a layer by importance during training, thus generating a nested set of sub-networks that are optimal for different configurations of resources. However, the dropout rate is fixed as a hyper-parameter over different layers during the whole training process. Therefore, when nodes are removed, the performance decays in a human-specified trajectory rather than in a trajectory learned from data. Another drawback is the generated sub-networks are deterministic networks without well-calibrated uncertainty. To address these two problems, we develop a Bayesian approach to nested neural networks. We propose a variational ordering unit that draws samples for nested dropout at a low cost, from a proposed Downhill distribution, which provides useful gradients to the parameters of nested dropout. Based on this approach, we design a Bayesian nested neural network that learns the order knowledge of the node distributions. In experiments, we show that the proposed approach outperforms the nested network in terms of accuracy, calibration, and out-of-domain detection in classification tasks. It also outperforms the related approach on uncertainty-critical tasks in computer vision.      
### 45.Learning Non-linear Wavelet Transformation via Normalizing Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11306.pdf)
>  Wavelet transformation stands as a cornerstone in modern data analysis and signal processing. Its mathematical essence is an invertible transformation that discerns slow patterns from fast patterns in the frequency domain, which repeats at each level. Such an invertible transformation can be learned by a designed normalizing flow model. With a factor-out scheme resembling the wavelet downsampling mechanism, a mutually independent prior, and parameter sharing along the depth of the network, one can train normalizing flow models to factor-out variables corresponding to fast patterns at different levels, thus extending linear wavelet transformations to non-linear learnable models. In this paper, a concrete way of building such flows is given. Then, a demonstration of the model's ability in lossless compression task, progressive loading, and super-resolution (upsampling) task. Lastly, an analysis of the learned model in terms of low-pass/high-pass filters is given.      
### 46.VisualMRC: Machine Reading Comprehension on Document Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11272.pdf)
>  Recent studies on machine reading comprehension have focused on text-level understanding but have not yet reached the level of human understanding of the visual layout and content of real-world documents. In this study, we introduce a new visual machine reading comprehension dataset, named VisualMRC, wherein given a question and a document image, a machine reads and comprehends texts in the image to answer the question in natural language. Compared with existing visual question answering (VQA) datasets that contain texts in images, VisualMRC focuses more on developing natural language understanding and generation abilities. It contains 30,000+ pairs of a question and an abstractive answer for 10,000+ document images sourced from multiple domains of webpages. We also introduce a new model that extends existing sequence-to-sequence models, pre-trained with large-scale text corpora, to take into account the visual layout and content of documents. Experiments with VisualMRC show that this model outperformed the base sequence-to-sequence models and a state-of-the-art VQA model. However, its performance is still below that of humans on most automatic evaluation metrics. The dataset will facilitate research aimed at connecting vision and language understanding.      
### 47.Automatic Segmentation of Gross Target Volume of Nasopharynx Cancer using Ensemble of Multiscale Deep Neural Networks with Spatial Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11254.pdf)
>  Radiotherapy is the main treatment modality for nasopharynx cancer. Delineation of Gross Target Volume (GTV) from medical images such as CT and MRI images is a prerequisite for radiotherapy. As manual delineation is time-consuming and laborious, automatic segmentation of GTV has a potential to improve this process. Currently, most of the deep learning-based automatic delineation methods of GTV are mainly performed on medical images like CT images. However, it is challenged by the low contrast between the pathology regions and surrounding soft tissues, small target region, and anisotropic resolution of clinical CT images. To deal with these problems, we propose a 2.5D Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) to handle the difference of inplane and through-plane resolution. Furthermore, we propose a spatial attention module to enable the network to focus on small target, and use channel attention to further improve the segmentation performance. Moreover, we use multi-scale sampling method for training so that the networks can learn features at different scales, which are combined with a multi-model ensemble method to improve the robustness of segmentation results. We also estimate the uncertainty of segmentation results based on our model ensemble, which is of great importance for indicating the reliability of automatic segmentation results for radiotherapy planning.      
### 48.Learning task-agnostic representation via toddler-inspired learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11221.pdf)
>  One of the inherent limitations of current AI systems, stemming from the passive learning mechanisms (e.g., supervised learning), is that they perform well on labeled datasets but cannot deduce knowledge on their own. To tackle this problem, we derive inspiration from a highly intentional learning system via action: the toddler. Inspired by the toddler's learning procedure, we design an interactive agent that can learn and store task-agnostic visual representation while exploring and interacting with objects in the virtual environment. Experimental results show that such obtained representation was expandable to various vision tasks such as image classification, object localization, and distance estimation tasks. In specific, the proposed model achieved 100%, 75.1% accuracy and 1.62% relative error, respectively, which is noticeably better than autoencoder-based model (99.7%, 66.1%, 1.95%), and also comparable with those of supervised models (100%, 87.3%, 0.71%).      
### 49.Boosting Segmentation Performance across datasets using histogram specification with application to pelvic bone segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11135.pdf)
>  Accurate segmentation of the pelvic CTs is crucial for the clinical diagnosis of pelvic bone diseases and for planning patient-specific hip surgeries. With the emergence and advancements of deep learning for digital healthcare, several methodologies have been proposed for such segmentation tasks. But in a low data scenario, the lack of abundant data needed to train a Deep Neural Network is a significant bottle-neck. In this work, we propose a methodology based on modulation of image tonal distributions and deep learning to boost the performance of networks trained on limited data. The strategy involves pre-processing of test data through histogram specification. This simple yet effective approach can be viewed as a style transfer methodology. The segmentation task uses a U-Net configuration with an EfficientNet-B0 backbone, optimized using an augmented BCE-IoU loss function. This configuration is validated on a total of 284 images taken from two publicly available CT datasets, TCIA (a cancer imaging archive) and the Visible Human Project. The average performance measures for the Dice coefficient and Intersection over Union are 95.7% and 91.9%, respectively, give strong evidence for the effectiveness of the approach, which is highly competitive with state-of-the-art methodologies.      
### 50.Defenses Against Multi-Sticker Physical Domain Attacks on Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.11060.pdf)
>  Recently, physical domain adversarial attacks have drawn significant attention from the machine learning community. One important attack proposed by Eykholt et al. can fool a classifier by placing black and white stickers on an object such as a road sign. While this attack may pose a significant threat to visual classifiers, there are currently no defenses designed to protect against this attack. In this paper, we propose new defenses that can protect against multi-sticker attacks. We present defensive strategies capable of operating when the defender has full, partial, and no prior information about the attack. By conducting extensive experiments, we show that our proposed defenses can outperform existing defenses against physical attacks when presented with a multi-sticker attack.      
