# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 11 Mar 2021
### 1.Involution: Inverting the Inherence of Convolution for Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06255.pdf)
>  Convolution has been the core ingredient of modern neural networks, triggering the surge of deep learning in vision. In this work, we rethink the inherent principles of standard convolution for vision tasks, specifically spatial-agnostic and channel-specific. Instead, we present a novel atomic operation for deep neural networks by inverting the aforementioned design principles of convolution, coined as involution. We additionally demystify the recent popular self-attention operator and subsume it into our involution family as an over-complicated instantiation. The proposed involution operator could be leveraged as fundamental bricks to build the new generation of neural networks for visual recognition, powering different deep learning models on several prevalent benchmarks, including ImageNet classification, COCO detection and segmentation, together with Cityscapes segmentation. Our involution-based models improve the performance of convolutional baselines using ResNet-50 by up to 1.6% top-1 accuracy, 2.5% and 2.4% bounding box AP, and 4.7% mean IoU absolutely while compressing the computational cost to 66%, 65%, 72%, and 57% on the above benchmarks, respectively. Code and pre-trained models for all the tasks are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/d-li14/involution" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.A Study of Face Obfuscation in ImageNet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06191.pdf)
>  Image obfuscation (blurring, mosaicing, etc.) is widely used for privacy protection. However, computer vision research often overlooks privacy by assuming access to original unobfuscated images. In this paper, we explore image obfuscation in the ImageNet challenge. <br>Most categories in the ImageNet challenge are not people categories; nevertheless, many incidental people are in the images, whose privacy is a concern. We first annotate faces in the dataset. Then we investigate how face blurring -- a typical obfuscation technique -- impacts classification accuracy. We benchmark various deep neural networks on face-blurred images and observe a disparate impact on different categories. Still, the overall accuracy only drops slightly ($\leq 0.68\%$), demonstrating that we can train privacy-aware visual classifiers with minimal impact on accuracy. Further, we experiment with transfer learning to 4 downstream tasks: object recognition, scene recognition, face attribute classification, and object detection. Results show that features learned on face-blurred images are equally transferable. Data and code are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/princetonvisualai/imagenet-face-obfuscation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.Dynamical Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06182.pdf)
>  We study the problem of aligning two sets of 3D geometric primitives given known correspondences. Our first contribution is to show that this primitive alignment framework unifies five perception problems including point cloud registration, primitive (mesh) registration, category-level 3D registration, absolution pose estimation (APE), and category-level APE. Our second contribution is to propose DynAMical Pose estimation (DAMP), the first general and practical algorithm to solve primitive alignment problem by simulating rigid body dynamics arising from virtual springs and damping, where the springs span the shortest distances between corresponding primitives. Our third contribution is to apply DAMP to the five perception problems in simulated and real datasets and demonstrate (i) DAMP always converges to the globally optimal solution in the first three problems with 3D-3D correspondences; (ii) although DAMP sometimes converges to suboptimal solutions in the last two problems with 2D-3D correspondences, with a simple scheme for escaping local minima, DAMP almost always succeeds. Our last contribution is to demystify the surprising empirical performance of DAMP and formally prove a global convergence result in the case of point cloud registration by charactering local stability of the equilibrium points of the underlying dynamical system.      
### 4.Towards Learning an Unbiased Classifier from Biased Data via Conditional Adversarial Debiasing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06179.pdf)
>  Bias in classifiers is a severe issue of modern deep learning methods, especially for their application in safety- and security-critical areas. Often, the bias of a classifier is a direct consequence of a bias in the training dataset, frequently caused by the co-occurrence of relevant features and irrelevant ones. To mitigate this issue, we require learning algorithms that prevent the propagation of bias from the dataset into the classifier. We present a novel adversarial debiasing method, which addresses a feature that is spuriously connected to the labels of training images but statistically independent of the labels for test images. Thus, the automatic identification of relevant features during training is perturbed by irrelevant features. This is the case in a wide range of bias-related problems for many computer vision tasks, such as automatic skin cancer detection or driver assistance. We argue by a mathematical proof that our approach is superior to existing techniques for the abovementioned bias. Our experiments show that our approach performs better than state-of-the-art techniques on a well-known benchmark dataset with real-world images of cats and dogs.      
### 5.Regressive Domain Adaptation for Unsupervised Keypoint Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06175.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation (DA) aims at transferring knowledge from a labeled source domain to an unlabeled target domain. Though many DA theories and algorithms have been proposed, most of them are tailored into classification settings and may fail in regression tasks, especially in the practical keypoint detection task. To tackle this difficult but significant task, we present a method of regressive domain adaptation (RegDA) for unsupervised keypoint detection. Inspired by the latest theoretical work, we first utilize an adversarial regressor to maximize the disparity on the target domain and train a feature generator to minimize this disparity. However, due to the high dimension of the output space, this regressor fails to detect samples that deviate from the support of the source. To overcome this problem, we propose two important ideas. First, based on our observation that the probability density of the output space is sparse, we introduce a spatial probability distribution to describe this sparsity and then use it to guide the learning of the adversarial regressor. Second, to alleviate the optimization difficulty in the high-dimensional space, we innovatively convert the minimax game in the adversarial training to the minimization of two opposite goals. Extensive experiments show that our method brings large improvement by 8% to 11% in terms of PCK on different datasets.      
### 6.Adversarial Regression Learning for Bone Age Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06149.pdf)
>  Estimation of bone age from hand radiographs is essential to determine skeletal age in diagnosing endocrine disorders and depicting the growth status of children. However, existing automatic methods only apply their models to test images without considering the discrepancy between training samples and test samples, which will lead to a lower generalization ability. In this paper, we propose an adversarial regression learning network (ARLNet) for bone age estimation. Specifically, we first extract bone features from a fine-tuned Inception V3 neural network and propose regression percentage loss for training. To reduce the discrepancy between training and test data, we then propose adversarial regression loss and feature reconstruction loss to guarantee the transition from training data to test data and vice versa, preserving invariant features from both training and test data. Experimental results show that the proposed model outperforms state-of-the-art methods.      
### 7.Sim2Real 3D Object Classification using Spherical Kernel Point Convolution and a Deep Center Voting Scheme  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06134.pdf)
>  While object semantic understanding is essential for most service robotic tasks, 3D object classification is still an open problem. Learning from artificial 3D models alleviates the cost of annotation necessary to approach this problem, but most methods still struggle with the differences existing between artificial and real 3D data. We conjecture that the cause of those issue is the fact that many methods learn directly from point coordinates, instead of the shape, as the former is hard to center and to scale under variable occlusions reliably. We introduce spherical kernel point convolutions that directly exploit the object surface, represented as a graph, and a voting scheme to limit the impact of poor segmentation on the classification results. Our proposed approach improves upon state-of-the-art methods by up to 36% when transferring from artificial objects to real objects.      
### 8.Spatially Consistent Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06122.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning has been widely used to obtain transferrable representations from unlabeled images. Especially, recent contrastive learning methods have shown impressive performances on downstream image classification tasks. While these contrastive methods mainly focus on generating invariant global representations at the image-level under semantic-preserving transformations, they are prone to overlook spatial consistency of local representations and therefore have a limitation in pretraining for localization tasks such as object detection and instance segmentation. Moreover, aggressively cropped views used in existing contrastive methods can minimize representation distances between the semantically different regions of a single image. <br>In this paper, we propose a spatially consistent representation learning algorithm (SCRL) for multi-object and location-specific tasks. In particular, we devise a novel self-supervised objective that tries to produce coherent spatial representations of a randomly cropped local region according to geometric translations and zooming operations. On various downstream localization tasks with benchmark datasets, the proposed SCRL shows significant performance improvements over the image-level supervised pretraining as well as the state-of-the-art self-supervised learning methods.      
### 9.Time-Ordered Recent Event (TORE) Volumes for Event Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06108.pdf)
>  Event cameras are an exciting, new sensor modality enabling high-speed imaging with extremely low-latency and wide dynamic range. Unfortunately, most machine learning architectures are not designed to directly handle sparse data, like that generated from event cameras. Many state-of-the-art algorithms for event cameras rely on interpolated event representations - obscuring crucial timing information, increasing the data volume, and limiting overall network performance. This paper details an event representation called Time-Ordered Recent Event (TORE) volumes. TORE volumes are designed to compactly store raw spike timing information with minimal information loss. This bio-inspired design is memory efficient, computationally fast, avoids time-blocking (i.e. fixed and predefined frame rates), and contains "local memory" from past data. The design is evaluated on a wide range of challenging tasks (e.g. event denoising, image reconstruction, classification, and human pose estimation) and is shown to dramatically improve state-of-the-art performance. TORE volumes are an easy-to-implement replacement for any algorithm currently utilizing event representations.      
### 10.Cross-modal Image Retrieval with Deep Mutual Information Maximization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06032.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the cross-modal image retrieval, where the inputs contain a source image plus some text that describes certain modifications to this image and the desired image. Prior work usually uses a three-stage strategy to tackle this task: 1) extract the features of the inputs; 2) fuse the feature of the source image and its modified text to obtain fusion feature; 3) learn a similarity metric between the desired image and the source image + modified text by using deep metric learning. Since classical image/text encoders can learn the useful representation and common pair-based loss functions of distance metric learning are enough for cross-modal retrieval, people usually improve retrieval accuracy by designing new fusion networks. However, these methods do not successfully handle the modality gap caused by the inconsistent distribution and representation of the features of different modalities, which greatly influences the feature fusion and similarity learning. To alleviate this problem, we adopt the contrastive self-supervised learning method Deep InforMax (DIM) to our approach to bridge this gap by enhancing the dependence between the text, the image, and their fusion. Specifically, our method narrows the modality gap between the text modality and the image modality by maximizing mutual information between their not exactly semantically identical representation. Moreover, we seek an effective common subspace for the semantically same fusion feature and desired image's feature by utilizing Deep InforMax between the low-level layer of the image encoder and the high-level layer of the fusion network. Extensive experiments on three large-scale benchmark datasets show that we have bridged the modality gap between different modalities and achieve state-of-the-art retrieval performance.      
### 11.Deep Superpixel Cut for Unsupervised Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06031.pdf)
>  Image segmentation, one of the most critical vision tasks, has been studied for many years. Most of the early algorithms are unsupervised methods, which use hand-crafted features to divide the image into many regions. Recently, owing to the great success of deep learning technology, CNNs based methods show superior performance in image segmentation. However, these methods rely on a large number of human annotations, which are expensive to collect. In this paper, we propose a deep unsupervised method for image segmentation, which contains the following two stages. First, a Superpixelwise Autoencoder (SuperAE) is designed to learn the deep embedding and reconstruct a smoothed image, then the smoothed image is passed to generate superpixels. Second, we present a novel clustering algorithm called Deep Superpixel Cut (DSC), which measures the deep similarity between superpixels and formulates image segmentation as a soft partitioning problem. Via backpropagation, DSC adaptively partitions the superpixels into perceptual regions. Experimental results on the BSDS500 dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 12.FedDG: Federated Domain Generalization on Medical Image Segmentation via Episodic Learning in Continuous Frequency Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06030.pdf)
>  Federated learning allows distributed medical institutions to collaboratively learn a shared prediction model with privacy protection. While at clinical deployment, the models trained in federated learning can still suffer from performance drop when applied to completely unseen hospitals outside the federation. In this paper, we point out and solve a novel problem setting of federated domain generalization (FedDG), which aims to learn a federated model from multiple distributed source domains such that it can directly generalize to unseen target domains. We present a novel approach, named as Episodic Learning in Continuous Frequency Space (ELCFS), for this problem by enabling each client to exploit multi-source data distributions under the challenging constraint of data decentralization. Our approach transmits the distribution information across clients in a privacy-protecting way through an effective continuous frequency space interpolation mechanism. With the transferred multi-source distributions, we further carefully design a boundary-oriented episodic learning paradigm to expose the local learning to domain distribution shifts and particularly meet the challenges of model generalization in medical image segmentation scenario. The effectiveness of our method is demonstrated with superior performance over state-of-the-arts and in-depth ablation experiments on two medical image segmentation tasks. The code is available at "<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/liuquande/FedDG-ELCFS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>".      
### 13.Model-free Vehicle Tracking and State Estimation in Point Cloud Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06028.pdf)
>  Estimating the states of surrounding traffic participants stays at the core of autonomous driving. In this paper, we study a novel setting of this problem: model-free single object tracking (SOT), which takes the object state in the first frame as input, and jointly solves state estimation and tracking in subsequent frames. The main purpose for this new setting is to break the strong limitation of the popular "detection and tracking" scheme in multi-object tracking. Moreover, we notice that shape completion by overlaying the point clouds, which is a by-product of our proposed task, not only improves the performance of state estimation but also has numerous applications. As no benchmark for this task is available so far, we construct a new dataset LiDAR-SOT and corresponding evaluation protocols based on the Waymo Open dataset. We then propose an optimization-based algorithm called SOTracker based on point cloud registration, vehicle shapes, and motion priors. Our quantitative and qualitative results prove the effectiveness of our SOTracker and reveal the challenging cases for SOT in point clouds, including the sparsity of LiDAR data, abrupt motion variation, etc. Finally, we also explore how the proposed task and algorithm may benefit other autonomous driving applications, including simulating LiDAR scans, generating motion data, and annotating optical flow. The code and protocols for our benchmark and algorithm are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TuSimple/LiDAR_SOT/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . A video demonstration is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpHixKs91i8" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 14.Principal component-based image segmentation: a new approach to outline in vitro cell colonies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06022.pdf)
>  The in vitro clonogenic assay is a technique to study the ability of a cell to form a colony in a culture dish. By optical imaging, dishes with stained colonies can be scanned and assessed digitally. Identification, segmentation and counting of stained colonies play a vital part in high-throughput screening and quantitative assessment of biological assays. Image processing of such pictured/scanned assays can be affected by image/scan acquisition artifacts like background noise and spatially varying illumination, and contaminants in the suspension medium. Although existing approaches tackle these issues, the segmentation quality requires further improvement, particularly on noisy and low contrast images. In this work, we present an objective and versatile machine learning procedure to amend these issues by characterizing, extracting and segmenting inquired colonies using principal component analysis, k-means clustering and a modified watershed segmentation algorithm. The intention is to automatically identify visible colonies through spatial texture assessment and accordingly discriminate them from background in preparation for successive segmentation. The proposed segmentation algorithm yielded a similar quality as manual counting by human observers. High F1 scores (&gt;0.9) and low root-mean-square errors (around 14%) underlined good agreement with ground truth data. Moreover, it outperformed a recent state-of-the-art method. The methodology will be an important tool in future cancer research applications.      
### 15.DSEC: A Stereo Event Camera Dataset for Driving Scenarios  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06011.pdf)
>  Once an academic venture, autonomous driving has received unparalleled corporate funding in the last decade. Still, the operating conditions of current autonomous cars are mostly restricted to ideal scenarios. This means that driving in challenging illumination conditions such as night, sunrise, and sunset remains an open problem. In these cases, standard cameras are being pushed to their limits in terms of low light and high dynamic range performance. To address these challenges, we propose, DSEC, a new dataset that contains such demanding illumination conditions and provides a rich set of sensory data. DSEC offers data from a wide-baseline stereo setup of two color frame cameras and two high-resolution monochrome event cameras. In addition, we collect lidar data and RTK GPS measurements, both hardware synchronized with all camera data. One of the distinctive features of this dataset is the inclusion of high-resolution event cameras. Event cameras have received increasing attention for their high temporal resolution and high dynamic range performance. However, due to their novelty, event camera datasets in driving scenarios are rare. This work presents the first high-resolution, large-scale stereo dataset with event cameras. The dataset contains 53 sequences collected by driving in a variety of illumination conditions and provides ground truth disparity for the development and evaluation of event-based stereo algorithms.      
### 16.Quality-Aware Network for Human Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05997.pdf)
>  How to estimate the quality of the network output is an important issue, and currently there is no effective solution in the field of human parsing. In order to solve this problem, this work proposes a statistical method based on the output probability map to calculate the pixel quality information, which is called pixel score. In addition, the Quality-Aware Module (QAM) is proposed to fuse the different quality information, the purpose of which is to estimate the quality of human parsing results. We combine QAM with a concise and effective network design to propose Quality-Aware Network (QANet) for human parsing. Benefiting from the superiority of QAM and QANet, we achieve the best performance on three multiple and one single human parsing benchmarks, including CIHP, MHP-v2, Pascal-Person-Part and LIP. Without increasing the training and inference time, QAM improves the AP$^\text{r}$ criterion by more than 10 points in the multiple human parsing task. QAM can be extended to other tasks with good quality estimation, e.g. instance segmentation. Specifically, QAM improves Mask R-CNN by ~1% mAP on COCO and LVISv1.0 datasets. Based on the proposed QAM and QANet, our overall system wins 1st place in CVPR2019 COCO DensePose Challenge, and 1st place in Track 1 &amp; 2 of CVPR2020 LIP Challenge. Code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/soeaver/QANet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 17.Wide Aspect Ratio Matching for Robust Face Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05993.pdf)
>  Recently, anchor-based methods have achieved great progress in face detection. Once anchor design and anchor matching strategy determined, plenty of positive anchors will be sampled. However, faces with extreme aspect ratio always fail to be sampled according to standard anchor matching strategy. In fact, the max IoUs between anchors and extreme aspect ratio faces are still lower than fixed sampling threshold. In this paper, we firstly explore the factors that affect the max IoU of each face in theory. Then, anchor matching simulation is performed to evaluate the sampling range of face aspect ratio. Besides, we propose a Wide Aspect Ratio Matching (WARM) strategy to collect more representative positive anchors from ground-truth faces across a wide range of aspect ratio. Finally, we present a novel feature enhancement module, named Receptive Field Diversity (RFD) module, to provide diverse receptive field corresponding to different aspect ratios. Extensive experiments show that our method can help detectors better capture extreme aspect ratio faces and achieve promising detection performance on challenging face detection benchmarks, including WIDER FACE and FDDB datasets.      
### 18.Multi-Pretext Attention Network for Few-shot Learning with Self-supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05985.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning is an interesting and challenging study, which enables machines to learn from few samples like humans. Existing studies rarely exploit auxiliary information from large amount of unlabeled data. Self-supervised learning is emerged as an efficient method to utilize unlabeled data. Existing self-supervised learning methods always rely on the combination of geometric transformations for the single sample by augmentation, while seriously neglect the endogenous correlation information among different samples that is the same important for the task. In this work, we propose a Graph-driven Clustering (GC), a novel augmentation-free method for self-supervised learning, which does not rely on any auxiliary sample and utilizes the endogenous correlation information among input samples. Besides, we propose Multi-pretext Attention Network (MAN), which exploits a specific attention mechanism to combine the traditional augmentation-relied methods and our GC, adaptively learning their optimized weights to improve the performance and enabling the feature extractor to obtain more universal representations. We evaluate our MAN extensively on miniImageNet and tieredImageNet datasets and the results demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art (SOTA) relevant methods.      
### 19.Reformulating HOI Detection as Adaptive Set Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05983.pdf)
>  Determining which image regions to concentrate on is critical for Human-Object Interaction (HOI) detection. Conventional HOI detectors focus on either detected human and object pairs or pre-defined interaction locations, which limits learning of the effective features. In this paper, we reformulate HOI detection as an adaptive set prediction problem, with this novel formulation, we propose an Adaptive Set-based one-stage framework (AS-Net) with parallel instance and interaction branches. To attain this, we map a trainable interaction query set to an interaction prediction set with a transformer. Each query adaptively aggregates the interaction-relevant features from global contexts through multi-head co-attention. Besides, the training process is supervised adaptively by matching each ground-truth with the interaction prediction. Furthermore, we design an effective instance-aware attention module to introduce instructive features from the instance branch into the interaction branch. Our method outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods without any extra human pose and language features on three challenging HOI detection datasets. Especially, we achieve over $31\%$ relative improvement on a large scale HICO-DET dataset. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yoyomimi/AS-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 20.SDD-FIQA: Unsupervised Face Image Quality Assessment with Similarity Distribution Distance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05977.pdf)
>  In recent years, Face Image Quality Assessment (FIQA) has become an indispensable part of the face recognition system to guarantee the stability and reliability of recognition performance in an unconstrained scenario. For this purpose, the FIQA method should consider both the intrinsic property and the recognizability of the face image. Most previous works aim to estimate the sample-wise embedding uncertainty or pair-wise similarity as the quality score, which only considers the information from partial intra-class. However, these methods ignore the valuable information from the inter-class, which is for estimating to the recognizability of face image. In this work, we argue that a high-quality face image should be similar to its intra-class samples and dissimilar to its inter-class samples. Thus, we propose a novel unsupervised FIQA method that incorporates Similarity Distribution Distance for Face Image Quality Assessment (SDD-FIQA). Our method generates quality pseudo-labels by calculating the Wasserstein Distance (WD) between the intra-class similarity distributions and inter-class similarity distributions. With these quality pseudo-labels, we are capable of training a regression network for quality prediction. Extensive experiments on benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed SDD-FIQA surpasses the state-of-the-arts by an impressive margin. Meanwhile, our method shows good generalization across different recognition systems.      
### 21.COLA-Net: Collaborative Attention Network for Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05961.pdf)
>  Local and non-local attention-based methods have been well studied in various image restoration tasks while leading to promising performance. However, most of the existing methods solely focus on one type of attention mechanism (local or non-local). Furthermore, by exploiting the self-similarity of natural images, existing pixel-wise non-local attention operations tend to give rise to deviations in the process of characterizing long-range dependence due to image degeneration. To overcome these problems, in this paper we propose a novel collaborative attention network (COLA-Net) for image restoration, as the first attempt to combine local and non-local attention mechanisms to restore image content in the areas with complex textures and with highly repetitive details respectively. In addition, an effective and robust patch-wise non-local attention model is developed to capture long-range feature correspondences through 3D patches. Extensive experiments on synthetic image denoising, real image denoising and compression artifact reduction tasks demonstrate that our proposed COLA-Net is able to achieve state-of-the-art performance in both peak signal-to-noise ratio and visual perception, while maintaining an attractive computational complexity. The source code is available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MC-E/COLA-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.Beyond Self-Supervision: A Simple Yet Effective Network Distillation Alternative to Improve Backbones  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05959.pdf)
>  Recently, research efforts have been concentrated on revealing how pre-trained model makes a difference in neural network performance. Self-supervision and semi-supervised learning technologies have been extensively explored by the community and are proven to be of great potential in obtaining a powerful pre-trained model. However, these models require huge training costs (i.e., hundreds of millions of images or training iterations). In this paper, we propose to improve existing baseline networks via knowledge distillation from off-the-shelf pre-trained big powerful models. Different from existing knowledge distillation frameworks which require student model to be consistent with both soft-label generated by teacher model and hard-label annotated by humans, our solution performs distillation by only driving prediction of the student model consistent with that of the teacher model. Therefore, our distillation setting can get rid of manually labeled data and can be trained with extra unlabeled data to fully exploit capability of teacher model for better learning. We empirically find that such simple distillation settings perform extremely effective, for example, the top-1 accuracy on ImageNet-1k validation set of MobileNetV3-large and ResNet50-D can be significantly improved from 75.2% to 79% and 79.1% to 83%, respectively. We have also thoroughly analyzed what are dominant factors that affect the distillation performance and how they make a difference. Extensive downstream computer vision tasks, including transfer learning, object detection and semantic segmentation, can significantly benefit from the distilled pretrained models. All our experiments are implemented based on PaddlePaddle, codes and a series of improved pretrained models with ssld suffix are available in PaddleClas.      
### 23.Spatiotemporal Registration for Event-based Visual Odometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05955.pdf)
>  A useful application of event sensing is visual odometry, especially in settings that require high-temporal resolution. The state-of-the-art method of contrast maximisation recovers the motion from a batch of events by maximising the contrast of the image of warped events. However, the cost scales with image resolution and the temporal resolution can be limited by the need for large batch sizes to yield sufficient structure in the contrast image. In this work, we propose spatiotemporal registration as a compelling technique for event-based rotational motion estimation. We theoretcally justify the approach and establish its fundamental and practical advantages over contrast maximisation. In particular, spatiotemporal registration also produces feature tracks as a by-product, which directly supports an efficient visual odometry pipeline with graph-based optimisation for motion averaging. The simplicity of our visual odometry pipeline allows it to process more than 1 M events/second. We also contribute a new event dataset for visual odometry, where motion sequences with large velocity variations were acquired using a high-precision robot arm.      
### 24.FSCE: Few-Shot Object Detection via Contrastive Proposal Encoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05950.pdf)
>  Emerging interests have been brought to recognize previously unseen objects given very few training examples, known as few-shot object detection (FSOD). Recent researches demonstrate that good feature embedding is the key to reach favorable few-shot learning performance. We observe object proposals with different Intersection-of-Union (IoU) scores are analogous to the intra-image augmentation used in contrastive approaches. And we exploit this analogy and incorporate supervised contrastive learning to achieve more robust objects representations in FSOD. We present Few-Shot object detection via Contrastive proposals Encoding (FSCE), a simple yet effective approach to learning contrastive-aware object proposal encodings that facilitate the classification of detected objects. We notice the degradation of average precision (AP) for rare objects mainly comes from misclassifying novel instances as confusable classes. And we ease the misclassification issues by promoting instance level intra-class compactness and inter-class variance via our contrastive proposal encoding loss (CPE loss). Our design outperforms current state-of-the-art works in any shot and all data splits, with up to +8.8% on standard benchmark PASCAL VOC and +2.7% on challenging COCO benchmark. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bsun0802/FSCE.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 25.Deep Convolutional Sparse Coding Network for Pansharpening with Guidance of Side Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05946.pdf)
>  Pansharpening is a fundamental issue in remote sensing field. This paper proposes a side information partially guided convolutional sparse coding (SCSC) model for pansharpening. The key idea is to split the low resolution multispectral image into a panchromatic image related feature map and a panchromatic image irrelated feature map, where the former one is regularized by the side information from panchromatic images. With the principle of algorithm unrolling techniques, the proposed model is generalized as a deep neural network, called as SCSC pansharpening neural network (SCSC-PNN). Compared with 13 classic and state-of-the-art methods on three satellites, the numerical experiments show that SCSC-PNN is superior to others. The codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xsxjtu/SCSC-PNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 26.TransMed: Transformers Advance Multi-modal Medical Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05940.pdf)
>  Over the past decade, convolutional neural networks (CNN) have shown very competitive performance in medical image analysis tasks, such as disease classification, tumor segmentation, and lesion detection. CNN has great advantages in extracting local features of images. However, due to the locality of convolution operation, it can not deal with long-range relationships well. Recently, transformers have been applied to computer vision and achieved remarkable success in large-scale datasets. Compared with natural images, multi-modal medical images have explicit and important long-range dependencies, and effective multi-modal fusion strategies can greatly improve the performance of deep models. This prompts us to study transformer-based structures and apply them to multi-modal medical images. Existing transformer-based network architectures require large-scale datasets to achieve better performance. However, medical imaging datasets are relatively small, which makes it difficult to apply pure transformers to medical image analysis. Therefore, we propose TransMed for multi-modal medical image classification. TransMed combines the advantages of CNN and transformer to efficiently extract low-level features of images and establish long-range dependencies between modalities. We evaluated our model for the challenging problem of preoperative diagnosis of parotid gland tumors, and the experimental results show the advantages of our proposed method. We argue that the combination of CNN and transformer has tremendous potential in a large number of medical image analysis tasks. To our best knowledge, this is the first work to apply transformers to medical image classification.      
### 27.AttaNet: Attention-Augmented Network for Fast and Accurate Scene Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05930.pdf)
>  Two factors have proven to be very important to the performance of semantic segmentation models: global context and multi-level semantics. However, generating features that capture both factors always leads to high computational complexity, which is problematic in real-time scenarios. In this paper, we propose a new model, called Attention-Augmented Network (AttaNet), to capture both global context and multilevel semantics while keeping the efficiency high. AttaNet consists of two primary modules: Strip Attention Module (SAM) and Attention Fusion Module (AFM). Viewing that in challenging images with low segmentation accuracy, there are a significantly larger amount of vertical strip areas than horizontal ones, SAM utilizes a striping operation to reduce the complexity of encoding global context in the vertical direction drastically while keeping most of contextual information, compared to the non-local approaches. Moreover, AFM follows a cross-level aggregation strategy to limit the computation, and adopts an attention strategy to weight the importance of different levels of features at each pixel when fusing them, obtaining an efficient multi-level representation. We have conducted extensive experiments on two semantic segmentation benchmarks, and our network achieves different levels of speed/accuracy trade-offs on Cityscapes, e.g., 71 FPS/79.9% mIoU, 130 FPS/78.5% mIoU, and 180 FPS/70.1% mIoU, and leading performance on ADE20K as well.      
### 28.MapFusion: A General Framework for 3D Object Detection with HDMaps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05929.pdf)
>  3D object detection is a key perception component in autonomous driving. Most recent approaches are based on Lidar sensors only or fused with cameras. Maps (e.g., High Definition Maps), a basic infrastructure for intelligent vehicles, however, have not been well exploited for boosting object detection tasks. In this paper, we propose a simple but effective framework - MapFusion to integrate the map information into modern 3D object detector pipelines. In particular, we design a FeatureAgg module for HD Map feature extraction and fusion, and a MapSeg module as an auxiliary segmentation head for the detection backbone. Our proposed MapFusion is detector independent and can be easily integrated into different detectors. The experimental results of three different baselines on large public autonomous driving dataset demonstrate the superiority of the proposed framework. By fusing the map information, we can achieve 1.27 to 2.79 points improvements for mean Average Precision (mAP) on three strong 3d object detection baselines.      
### 29.Deep Sensing of Urban Waterlogging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05927.pdf)
>  In the monsoon season, sudden flood events occur frequently in urban areas, which hamper the social and economic activities and may threaten the infrastructure and lives. The use of an efficient large-scale waterlogging sensing and information system can provide valuable real-time disaster information to facilitate disaster management and enhance awareness of the general public to alleviate losses during and after flood disasters. Therefore, in this study, a visual sensing approach driven by deep neural networks and information and communication technology was developed to provide an end-to-end mechanism to realize waterlogging sensing and event-location mapping. The use of a deep sensing system in the monsoon season in Taiwan was demonstrated, and waterlogging events were predicted on the island-wide scale. The system could sense approximately 2379 vision sources through an internet of video things framework and transmit the event-location information in 5 min. The proposed approach can sense waterlogging events at a national scale and provide an efficient and highly scalable alternative to conventional waterlogging sensing methods.      
### 30.ES-Net: Erasing Salient Parts to Learn More in Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05918.pdf)
>  As an instance-level recognition problem, re-identification (re-ID) requires models to capture diverse features. However, with continuous training, re-ID models pay more and more attention to the salient areas. As a result, the model may only focus on few small regions with salient representations and ignore other important information. This phenomenon leads to inferior performance, especially when models are evaluated on small inter-identity variation data. In this paper, we propose a novel network, Erasing-Salient Net (ES-Net), to learn comprehensive features by erasing the salient areas in an image. ES-Net proposes a novel method to locate the salient areas by the confidence of objects and erases them efficiently in a training batch. Meanwhile, to mitigate the over-erasing problem, this paper uses a trainable pooling layer P-pooling that generalizes global max and global average pooling. Experiments are conducted on two specific re-identification tasks (i.e., Person re-ID, Vehicle re-ID). Our ES-Net outperforms state-of-the-art methods on three Person re-ID benchmarks and two Vehicle re-ID benchmarks. Specifically, mAP / Rank-1 rate: 88.6% / 95.7% on Market1501, 78.8% / 89.2% on DuckMTMC-reID, 57.3% / 80.9% on MSMT17, 81.9% / 97.0% on Veri-776, respectively. Rank-1 / Rank-5 rate: 83.6% / 96.9% on VehicleID (Small), 79.9% / 93.5% on VehicleID (Medium), 76.9% / 90.7% on VehicleID (Large), respectively. Moreover, the visualized salient areas show human-interpretable visual explanations for the ranking results.      
### 31.VideoMoCo: Contrastive Video Representation Learning with Temporally Adversarial Examples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05905.pdf)
>  MoCo is effective for unsupervised image representation learning. In this paper, we propose VideoMoCo for unsupervised video representation learning. Given a video sequence as an input sample, we improve the temporal feature representations of MoCo from two perspectives. First, we introduce a generator to drop out several frames from this sample temporally. The discriminator is then learned to encode similar feature representations regardless of frame removals. By adaptively dropping out different frames during training iterations of adversarial learning, we augment this input sample to train a temporally robust encoder. Second, we use temporal decay to model key attenuation in the memory queue when computing the contrastive loss. As the momentum encoder updates after keys enqueue, the representation ability of these keys degrades when we use the current input sample for contrastive learning. This degradation is reflected via temporal decay to attend the input sample to recent keys in the queue. As a result, we adapt MoCo to learn video representations without empirically designing pretext tasks. By empowering the temporal robustness of the encoder and modeling the temporal decay of the keys, our VideoMoCo improves MoCo temporally based on contrastive learning. Experiments on benchmark datasets including UCF101 and HMDB51 show that VideoMoCo stands as a state-of-the-art video representation learning method.      
### 32.Learning a Domain-Agnostic Visual Representation for Autonomous Driving via Contrastive Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05902.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have been widely studied in autonomous driving applications such as semantic segmentation or depth estimation. However, training a neural network in a supervised manner requires a large amount of annotated labels which are expensive and time-consuming to collect. Recent studies leverage synthetic data collected from a virtual environment which are much easier to acquire and more accurate compared to data from the real world, but they usually suffer from poor generalization due to the inherent domain shift problem. In this paper, we propose a Domain-Agnostic Contrastive Learning (DACL) which is a two-stage unsupervised domain adaptation framework with cyclic adversarial training and contrastive loss. DACL leads the neural network to learn domain-agnostic representation to overcome performance degradation when there exists a difference between training and test data distribution. Our proposed approach achieves better performance in the monocular depth estimation task compared to previous state-of-the-art methods and also shows effectiveness in the semantic segmentation task.      
### 33.RL-CSDia: Representation Learning of Computer Science Diagrams  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05900.pdf)
>  Recent studies on computer vision mainly focus on natural images that express real-world scenes. They achieve outstanding performance on diverse tasks such as visual question answering. Diagram is a special form of visual expression that frequently appears in the education field and is of great significance for learners to understand multimodal knowledge. Current research on diagrams preliminarily focuses on natural disciplines such as Biology and Geography, whose expressions are still similar to natural images. Another type of diagrams such as from Computer Science is composed of graphics containing complex topologies and relations, and research on this type of diagrams is still blank. The main challenges of graphic diagrams understanding are the rarity of data and the confusion of semantics, which are mainly reflected in the diversity of expressions. In this paper, we construct a novel dataset of graphic diagrams named Computer Science Diagrams (CSDia). It contains more than 1,200 diagrams and exhaustive annotations of objects and relations. Considering the visual noises caused by the various expressions in diagrams, we introduce the topology of diagrams to parse topological structure. After that, we propose Diagram Parsing Net (DPN) to represent the diagram from three branches: topology, visual feature, and text, and apply the model to the diagram classification task to evaluate the ability of diagrams understanding. The results show the effectiveness of the proposed DPN on diagrams understanding.      
### 34.Limitations of Post-Hoc Feature Alignment for Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05898.pdf)
>  Feature alignment is an approach to improving robustness to distribution shift that matches the distribution of feature activations between the training distribution and test distribution. A particularly simple but effective approach to feature alignment involves aligning the batch normalization statistics between the two distributions in a trained neural network. This technique has received renewed interest lately because of its impressive performance on robustness benchmarks. However, when and why this method works is not well understood. We investigate the approach in more detail and identify several limitations. We show that it only significantly helps with a narrow set of distribution shifts and we identify several settings in which it even degrades performance. We also explain why these limitations arise by pinpointing why this approach can be so effective in the first place. Our findings call into question the utility of this approach and Unsupervised Domain Adaptation more broadly for improving robustness in practice.      
### 35.Evaluating COPY-BLEND Augmentation for Low Level Vision Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05889.pdf)
>  Region modification-based data augmentation techniques have shown to improve performance for high level vision tasks (object detection, semantic segmentation, image classification, etc.) by encouraging underlying algorithms to focus on multiple discriminative features. However, as these techniques destroy spatial relationship with neighboring regions, performance can be deteriorated when using them to train algorithms designed for low level vision tasks (low light image enhancement, image dehazing, deblurring, etc.) where textural consistency between recovered and its neighboring regions is important to ensure effective performance. In this paper, we examine the efficacy of a simple copy-blend data augmentation technique that copies patches from noisy images and blends onto a clean image and vice versa to ensure that an underlying algorithm localizes and recovers affected regions resulting in increased perceptual quality of a recovered image. To assess performance improvement, we perform extensive experiments alongside different region modification-based augmentation techniques and report observations such as improved performance, reduced requirement for training dataset, and early convergence across tasks such as low light image enhancement, image dehazing and image deblurring without any modification to baseline algorithm.      
### 36.Tuna Nutriment Tracking using Trajectory Mapping in Application to Aquaculture Fish Tank  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05886.pdf)
>  The cost of fish feeding is usually around 40 percent of total production cost. Estimating a state of fishes in a tank and adjusting an amount of nutriments play an important role to manage cost of fish feeding system. Our approach is based on tracking nutriments on videos collected from an active aquaculture fish farm. Tracking approach is applied to acknowledge movement of nutriment to understand more about the fish behavior. Recently, there has been increasing number of researchers focused on developing tracking algorithms to generate more accurate and faster determination of object. Unfortunately, recent studies have shown that efficient and robust tracking of multiple objects with complex relations remain unsolved. Hence, focusing to develop tracking algorithm in aquaculture is more challenging because tracked object has a lot of aquatic variant creatures. By following aforementioned problem, we develop tuna nutriment tracking based on the classical minimum cost problem which consistently performs well in real environment datasets. In evaluation, the proposed method achieved 21.32 pixels and 3.08 pixels for average error distance and standard deviation, respectively. Quantitative evaluation based on the data generated by human annotators shows that the proposed method is valuable for aquaculture fish farm and can be widely applied to real environment datasets.      
### 37.AutoDO: Robust AutoAugment for Biased Data with Label Noise via Scalable Probabilistic Implicit Differentiation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05863.pdf)
>  AutoAugment has sparked an interest in automated augmentation methods for deep learning models. These methods estimate image transformation policies for train data that improve generalization to test data. While recent papers evolved in the direction of decreasing policy search complexity, we show that those methods are not robust when applied to biased and noisy data. To overcome these limitations, we reformulate AutoAugment as a generalized automated dataset optimization (AutoDO) task that minimizes the distribution shift between test data and distorted train dataset. In our AutoDO model, we explicitly estimate a set of per-point hyperparameters to flexibly change distribution of train data. In particular, we include hyperparameters for augmentation, loss weights, and soft-labels that are jointly estimated using implicit differentiation. We develop a theoretical probabilistic interpretation of this framework using Fisher information and show that its complexity scales linearly with the dataset size. Our experiments on SVHN, CIFAR-10/100, and ImageNet classification show up to 9.3% improvement for biased datasets with label noise compared to prior methods and, importantly, up to 36.6% gain for underrepresented SVHN classes.      
### 38.Manifold Regularized Dynamic Network Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05861.pdf)
>  Neural network pruning is an essential approach for reducing the computational complexity of deep models so that they can be well deployed on resource-limited devices. Compared with conventional methods, the recently developed dynamic pruning methods determine redundant filters variant to each input instance which achieves higher acceleration. Most of the existing methods discover effective sub-networks for each instance independently and do not utilize the relationship between different inputs. To maximally excavate redundancy in the given network architecture, this paper proposes a new paradigm that dynamically removes redundant filters by embedding the manifold information of all instances into the space of pruned networks (dubbed as ManiDP). We first investigate the recognition complexity and feature similarity between images in the training set. Then, the manifold relationship between instances and the pruned sub-networks will be aligned in the training procedure. The effectiveness of the proposed method is verified on several benchmarks, which shows better performance in terms of both accuracy and computational cost compared to the state-of-the-art methods. For example, our method can reduce 55.3% FLOPs of ResNet-34 with only 0.57% top-1 accuracy degradation on ImageNet.      
### 39.Novel tile segmentation scheme for omnidirectional video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05858.pdf)
>  Regular omnidirectional video encoding technics use map projection to flatten a scene from a spherical shape into one or several 2D shapes. Common projection methods including equirectangular and cubic projection have varying levels of interpolation that create a large number of non-information-carrying pixels that lead to wasted bitrate. In this paper, we propose a tile based omnidirectional video segmentation scheme which can save up to 28% of pixel area and 20% of BD-rate averagely compared to the traditional equirectangular projection based approach.      
### 40.Learning to compose 6-DoF omnidirectional videos using multi-sphere images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05842.pdf)
>  Omnidirectional video is an essential component of Virtual Reality. Although various methods have been proposed to generate content that can be viewed with six degrees of freedom (6-DoF), existing systems usually involve complex depth estimation, image in-painting or stitching pre-processing. In this paper, we propose a system that uses a 3D ConvNet to generate a multi-sphere images (MSI) representation that can be experienced in 6-DoF VR. The system utilizes conventional omnidirectional VR camera footage directly without the need for a depth map or segmentation mask, thereby significantly simplifying the overall complexity of the 6-DoF omnidirectional video composition. By using a newly designed weighted sphere sweep volume (WSSV) fusing technique, our approach is compatible with most panoramic VR camera setups. A ground truth generation approach for high-quality artifact-free 6-DoF contents is proposed and can be used by the research and development community for 6-DoF content generation.      
### 41.Structural Connectome Atlas Construction in the Space of Riemannian Metrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05730.pdf)
>  The structural connectome is often represented by fiber bundles generated from various types of tractography. We propose a method of analyzing connectomes by representing them as a Riemannian metric, thereby viewing them as points in an infinite-dimensional manifold. After equipping this space with a natural metric structure, the Ebin metric, we apply object-oriented statistical analysis to define an atlas as the Frchet mean of a population of Riemannian metrics. We demonstrate connectome registration and atlas formation using connectomes derived from diffusion tensors estimated from a subset of subjects from the Human Connectome Project.      
### 42.A Multi-resolution Approach to Expression Recognition in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05723.pdf)
>  Facial expressions play a fundamental role in human communication. Indeed, they typically reveal the real emotional status of people beyond the spoken language. Moreover, the comprehension of human affect based on visual patterns is a key ingredient for any human-machine interaction system and, for such reasons, the task of Facial Expression Recognition (FER) draws both scientific and industrial interest. In the recent years, Deep Learning techniques reached very high performance on FER by exploiting different architectures and learning paradigms. In such a context, we propose a multi-resolution approach to solve the FER task. We ground our intuition on the observation that often faces images are acquired at different resolutions. Thus, directly considering such property while training a model can help achieve higher performance on recognizing facial expressions. To our aim, we use a ResNet-like architecture, equipped with Squeeze-and-Excitation blocks, trained on the Affect-in-the-Wild 2 dataset. Not being available a test set, we conduct tests and models selection by employing the validation set only on which we achieve more than 90\% accuracy on classifying the seven expressions that the dataset comprises.      
### 43.Pixel-wise Distance Regression for Glacier Calving Front Detection and Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05715.pdf)
>  Glacier calving front position (CFP) is an important glaciological variable. Traditionally, delineating the CFPs has been carried out manually, which was subjective, tedious and expensive. Automating this process is crucial for continuously monitoring the evolution and status of glaciers. Recently, deep learning approaches have been investigated for this application. However, the current methods get challenged by a severe class-imbalance problem. In this work, we propose to mitigate the class-imbalance between the calving front class and the non-calving front class by reformulating the segmentation problem into a pixel-wise regression task. A Convolutional Neural Network gets optimized to predict the distance values to the glacier front for each pixel in the image. The resulting distance map localizes the CFP and is further post-processed to extract the calving front line. We propose three post-processing methods, one method based on statistical thresholding, a second method based on conditional random fields (CRF), and finally the use of a second U-Net. The experimental results confirm that our approach significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods and produces accurate delineation. The Second U-Net obtains the best performance results, resulting in an average improvement of about 21% dice coefficient enhancement.      
### 44.Multitask 3D CBCT-to-CT Translation and Organs-at-Risk Segmentation Using Physics-Based Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05690.pdf)
>  Purpose: In current clinical practice, noisy and artifact-ridden weekly cone-beam computed tomography (CBCT) images are only used for patient setup during radiotherapy. Treatment planning is done once at the beginning of the treatment using high-quality planning CT (pCT) images and manual contours for organs-at-risk (OARs) structures. If the quality of the weekly CBCT images can be improved while simultaneously segmenting OAR structures, this can provide critical information for adapting radiotherapy mid-treatment as well as for deriving biomarkers for treatment response. Methods: Using a novel physics-based data augmentation strategy, we synthesize a large dataset of perfectly/inherently registered planning CT and synthetic-CBCT pairs for locally advanced lung cancer patient cohort, which are then used in a multitask 3D deep learning framework to simultaneously segment and translate real weekly CBCT images to high-quality planning CT-like images. Results: We compared the synthetic CT and OAR segmentations generated by the model to real planning CT and manual OAR segmentations and showed promising results. The real week 1 (baseline) CBCT images which had an average MAE of 162.77 HU compared to pCT images are translated to synthetic CT images that exhibit a drastically improved average MAE of 29.31 HU and average structural similarity of 92% with the pCT images. The average DICE scores of the 3D organs-at-risk segmentations are: lungs 0.96, heart 0.88, spinal cord 0.83 and esophagus 0.66. Conclusions: We demonstrate an approach to translate artifact-ridden CBCT images to high quality synthetic CT images while simultaneously generating good quality segmentation masks for different organs-at-risk. This approach could allow clinicians to adjust treatment plans using only the routine low-quality CBCT images, potentially improving patient outcomes.      
### 45.Capturing Omni-Range Context for Omnidirectional Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05687.pdf)
>  Convolutional Networks (ConvNets) excel at semantic segmentation and have become a vital component for perception in autonomous driving. Enabling an all-encompassing view of street-scenes, omnidirectional cameras present themselves as a perfect fit in such systems. Most segmentation models for parsing urban environments operate on common, narrow Field of View (FoV) images. Transferring these models from the domain they were designed for to 360-degree perception, their performance drops dramatically, e.g., by an absolute 30.0% (mIoU) on established test-beds. To bridge the gap in terms of FoV and structural distribution between the imaging domains, we introduce Efficient Concurrent Attention Networks (ECANets), directly capturing the inherent long-range dependencies in omnidirectional imagery. In addition to the learned attention-based contextual priors that can stretch across 360-degree images, we upgrade model training by leveraging multi-source and omni-supervised learning, taking advantage of both: Densely labeled and unlabeled data originating from multiple datasets. To foster progress in panoramic image segmentation, we put forward and extensively evaluate models on Wild PAnoramic Semantic Segmentation (WildPASS), a dataset designed to capture diverse scenes from all around the globe. Our novel model, training regimen and multi-source prediction fusion elevate the performance (mIoU) to new state-of-the-art results on the public PASS (60.2%) and the fresh WildPASS (69.0%) benchmarks.      
### 46.SMIL: Multimodal Learning with Severely Missing Modality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05677.pdf)
>  A common assumption in multimodal learning is the completeness of training data, i.e., full modalities are available in all training examples. Although there exists research endeavor in developing novel methods to tackle the incompleteness of testing data, e.g., modalities are partially missing in testing examples, few of them can handle incomplete training modalities. The problem becomes even more challenging if considering the case of severely missing, e.g., 90% training examples may have incomplete modalities. For the first time in the literature, this paper formally studies multimodal learning with missing modality in terms of flexibility (missing modalities in training, testing, or both) and efficiency (most training data have incomplete modality). Technically, we propose a new method named SMIL that leverages Bayesian meta-learning in uniformly achieving both objectives. To validate our idea, we conduct a series of experiments on three popular benchmarks: MM-IMDb, CMU-MOSI, and avMNIST. The results prove the state-of-the-art performance of SMIL over existing methods and generative baselines including autoencoders and generative adversarial networks. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mengmenm/SMIL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 47.Self-Supervision by Prediction for Object Discovery in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05669.pdf)
>  Despite their irresistible success, deep learning algorithms still heavily rely on annotated data. On the other hand, unsupervised settings pose many challenges, especially about determining the right inductive bias in diverse scenarios. One scalable solution is to make the model generate the supervision for itself by leveraging some part of the input data, which is known as self-supervised learning. In this paper, we use the prediction task as self-supervision and build a novel object-centric model for image sequence representation. In addition to disentangling the notion of objects and the motion dynamics, our compositional structure explicitly handles occlusion and inpaints inferred objects and background for the composition of the predicted frame. With the aid of auxiliary loss functions that promote spatially and temporally consistent object representations, our self-supervised framework can be trained without the help of any manual annotation or pretrained network. Initial experiments confirm that the proposed pipeline is a promising step towards object-centric video prediction.      
### 48.A registration error estimation framework for correlative imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06256.pdf)
>  Correlative imaging workflows are now widely used in bioimaging and aims to image the same sample using at least two different and complementary imaging modalities. Part of the workflow relies on finding the transformation linking a source image to a target image. We are specifically interested in the estimation of registration error in point-based registration. We propose an application of multivariate linear regression to solve the registration problem allowing us to propose a framework for the estimation of the associated error in the case of rigid and affine transformations and with anisotropic noise. These developments can be used as a decision-support tool for the biologist to analyze multimodal correlative images and are available under Ec-CLEM, an open-source plugin under ICY.      
### 49.Quantization-Guided Training for Compact TinyML Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06231.pdf)
>  We propose a Quantization Guided Training (QGT) method to guide DNN training towards optimized low-bit-precision targets and reach extreme compression levels below 8-bit precision. Unlike standard quantization-aware training (QAT) approaches, QGT uses customized regularization to encourage weight values towards a distribution that maximizes accuracy while reducing quantization errors. One of the main benefits of this approach is the ability to identify compression bottlenecks. We validate QGT using state-of-the-art model architectures on vision datasets. We also demonstrate the effectiveness of QGT with an 81KB tiny model for person detection down to 2-bit precision (representing 17.7x size reduction), while maintaining an accuracy drop of only 3% compared to a floating-point baseline.      
### 50.A Relational-learning Perspective to Multi-label Chest X-ray Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06220.pdf)
>  Multi-label classification of chest X-ray images is frequently performed using discriminative approaches, i.e. learning to map an image directly to its binary labels. Such approaches make it challenging to incorporate auxiliary information such as annotation uncertainty or a dependency among the labels. Building towards this, we propose a novel knowledge graph reformulation of multi-label classification, which not only readily increases predictive performance of an encoder but also serves as a general framework for introducing new domain knowledge. <br>Specifically, we construct a multi-modal knowledge graph out of the chest X-ray images and its labels and pose multi-label classification as a link prediction problem. Incorporating auxiliary information can then simply be achieved by adding additional nodes and relations among them. When tested on a publicly-available radiograph dataset (CheXpert), our relational-reformulation using a naive knowledge graph outperforms the state-of-art by achieving an area-under-ROC curve of 83.5%, an improvement of "sim 1" over a purely discriminative approach.      
### 51.Are we using appropriate segmentation metrics? Identifying correlates of human expert perception for CNN training beyond rolling the DICE coefficient  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06205.pdf)
>  In this study, we explore quantitative correlates of qualitative human expert perception. We discover that current quality metrics and loss functions, considered for biomedical image segmentation tasks, correlate moderately with segmentation quality assessment by experts, especially for small yet clinically relevant structures, such as the enhancing tumor in brain glioma. We propose a method employing classical statistics and experimental psychology to create complementary compound loss functions for modern deep learning methods, towards achieving a better fit with human quality assessment. When training a CNN for delineating adult brain tumor in MR images, all four proposed loss candidates outperform the established baselines on the clinically important and hardest to segment enhancing tumor label, while maintaining performance for other label channels.      
### 52.Weak labels and anatomical knowledge: making deep learning practical for intracranial aneurysm detection in TOF-MRA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06168.pdf)
>  Supervised segmentation algorithms yield state-of-the-art results for automated anomaly detection. However, these models require voxel-wise labels which are time-consuming to draw for medical experts. An interesting alternative to voxel-wise annotations is the use of weak labels: these can be coarse or oversized annotations that are less precise, but considerably faster to create. In this work, we address the task of brain aneurysm detection by developing a fully automated, deep neural network that is trained utilizing oversized weak labels. Furthermore, since aneurysms mainly occur in specific anatomical locations, we build our model leveraging the underlying anatomy of the brain vasculature both during training and inference. We apply our model to 250 subjects (120 patients, 130 controls) who underwent Time-Of-Flight Magnetic Resonance Angiography (TOF-MRA) and presented a total of 154 aneurysms. To assess the robustness of the algorithm, we participated in a MICCAI challenge for TOF-MRA data (93 patients, 20 controls, 125 aneurysms) which allowed us to obtain results also for subjects coming from a different institution. Our network achieves an average sensitivity of 77% on our in-house data, with a mean False Positive (FP) rate of 0.72 per patient. Instead, on the challenge data, we attain a sensitivity of 59% with a mean FP rate of 1.18, ranking in 7th/14 position for detection and in 4th/11 for segmentation on the open leaderboard. When computing detection performances with respect to aneurysms' risk of rupture, we found no statistical difference between two risk groups (p = 0.12), although the sensitivity for dangerous aneurysms was higher (78%). Our approach suggests that clinically useful sensitivity can be achieved using weak labels and exploiting prior anatomical knowledge; this expands the feasibility of deep learning studies to hospitals that have limited time and data.      
### 53.Model-inspired Deep Learning for Light-Field Microscopy with Application to Neuron Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06164.pdf)
>  Light-field microscopes are able to capture spatial and angular information of incident light rays. This allows reconstructing 3D locations of neurons from a single <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://snap-shot.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this work, we propose a model-inspired deep learning approach to perform fast and robust 3D localization of sources using light-field microscopy images. This is achieved by developing a deep network that efficiently solves a convolutional sparse coding (CSC) problem to map Epipolar Plane Images (EPI) to corresponding sparse codes. The network architecture is designed systematically by unrolling the convolutional Iterative Shrinkage and Thresholding Algorithm (ISTA) while the network parameters are learned from a training dataset. Such principled design enables the deep network to leverage both domain knowledge implied in the model, as well as new parameters learned from the data, thereby combining advantages of model-based and learning-based methods. Practical experiments on localization of mammalian neurons from light-fields show that the proposed approach simultaneously provides enhanced performance, interpretability and efficiency.      
### 54.Semi-supervised Learning for COVID-19 Image Classification via ResNet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06140.pdf)
>  Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is an ongoing global pandemic in over 200 countries and territories, which has resulted in a great public health concern across the international community. Analysis of X-ray imaging data can play a critical role in timely and accurate screening and fighting against COVID-19. Supervised deep learning has been successfully applied to recognize COVID-19 pathology from X-ray imaging datasets. However, it requires a substantial amount of annotated X-ray images to train models, which is often not applicable to data analysis for emerging events such as COVID-19 outbreak, especially in the early stage of the outbreak. To address this challenge, this paper proposes a two-path semi-supervised deep learning model, ssResNet, based on Residual Neural Network (ResNet) for COVID-19 image classification, where two paths refer to a supervised path and an unsupervised path, respectively. Moreover, we design a weighted supervised loss that assigns higher weight for the minority classes in the training process to resolve the data imbalance. Experimental results on a large-scale of X-ray image dataset COVIDx demonstrate that the proposed model can achieve promising performance even when trained on very few labeled training images.      
### 55.MixMo: Mixing Multiple Inputs for Multiple Outputs via Deep Subnetworks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06132.pdf)
>  Recent strategies achieved ensembling for free by fitting concurrently diverse subnetworks inside a single base network. The main idea during training is that each subnetwork learns to classify only one of the multiple inputs simultaneously provided. However, the question of how these multiple inputs should be mixed has not been studied yet. In this paper, we introduce MixMo, a new generalized framework for learning multi-input multi-output deep subnetworks. Our key motivation is to replace the suboptimal summing operation hidden in previous approaches by a more appropriate mixing mechanism. For that purpose, we draw inspiration from successful mixed sample data augmentations. We show that binary mixing in features - particularly with patches from CutMix - enhances results by making subnetworks stronger and more diverse. We improve state of the art on the CIFAR-100 and Tiny-ImageNet classification datasets. In addition to being easy to implement and adding no cost at inference, our models outperform much costlier data augmented deep ensembles. We open a new line of research complementary to previous works, as we operate in features and better leverage the expressiveness of large networks.      
### 56.Spatial Attention-based Non-reference Perceptual Quality Prediction Network for Omnidirectional Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06116.pdf)
>  Due to the strong correlation between visual attention and perceptual quality, many methods attempt to use human saliency information for image quality assessment. Although this mechanism can get good performance, the networks require human saliency labels, which is not easily accessible for omnidirectional images (ODI). To alleviate this issue, we propose a spatial attention-based perceptual quality prediction network for non-reference quality assessment on ODIs (SAP-net). To drive our SAP-net, we establish a large-scale IQA dataset of ODIs (IQA-ODI), which is composed of subjective scores of 200 subjects on 1,080 ODIs. In IQA-ODI, there are 120 high quality ODIs as reference, and 960 ODIs with impairments in both JPEG compression and map projection. Without any human saliency labels, our network can adaptively estimate human perceptual quality on impaired ODIs through a self-attention manner, which significantly promotes the prediction performance of quality scores. Moreover, our method greatly reduces the computational complexity in quality assessment task on ODIs. Extensive experiments validate that our network outperforms 9 state-of-the-art methods for quality assessment on ODIs. The dataset and code have been available on \url{ <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yanglixiaoshen/SAP-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 57.Symmetry meets AI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06115.pdf)
>  We explore whether Neural Networks (NNs) can {\it discover} the presence of symmetries as they learn to perform a task. For this, we train hundreds of NNs on a {\it decoy task} based on well-controlled Physics templates, where no information on symmetry is provided. We use the output from the last hidden layer of all these NNs, projected to fewer dimensions, as the input for a symmetry classification task, and show that information on symmetry had indeed been identified by the original NN without guidance. As an interdisciplinary application of this procedure, we identify the presence and level of symmetry in artistic paintings from different styles such as those of Picasso, Pollock and Van Gogh.      
### 58.U-Net Transformer: Self and Cross Attention for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06104.pdf)
>  Medical image segmentation remains particularly challenging for complex and low-contrast anatomical structures. In this paper, we introduce the U-Transformer network, which combines a U-shaped architecture for image segmentation with self- and cross-attention from Transformers. U-Transformer overcomes the inability of U-Nets to model long-range contextual interactions and spatial dependencies, which are arguably crucial for accurate segmentation in challenging contexts. To this end, attention mechanisms are incorporated at two main levels: a self-attention module leverages global interactions between encoder features, while cross-attention in the skip connections allows a fine spatial recovery in the U-Net decoder by filtering out non-semantic features. Experiments on two abdominal CT-image datasets show the large performance gain brought out by U-Transformer compared to U-Net and local Attention U-Nets. We also highlight the importance of using both self- and cross-attention, and the nice interpretability features brought out by U-Transformer.      
### 59.Oversampling errors in multimodal medical imaging are due to the Gibbs effect  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05964.pdf)
>  To analyse multimodal 3-dimensional medical images, interpolation is required for resampling which - unavoidably - introduces an interpolation error. In this work we consider three segmented 3-dimensional images resampled with three different neuroimaging software tools for comparing undersampling and oversampling strategies and to identify where the oversampling error lies. The results indicate that undersampling to the lowest image size is advantageous in terms of mean value per segment errors and that the oversampling error is larger where the gradient is steeper, showing a Gibbs effect.      
### 60.An Image-based Approach of Task-driven Driving Scene Categorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05920.pdf)
>  Categorizing driving scenes via visual perception is a key technology for safe driving and the downstream tasks of autonomous vehicles. <br>Traditional methods infer scene category by detecting scene-related objects or using a classifier that is trained on large datasets of fine-labeled scene images. <br>Whereas at cluttered dynamic scenes such as campus or park, human activities are not strongly confined by rules, and the functional attributes of places are not strongly correlated with objects. So how to define, model and infer scene categories is crucial to make the technique really helpful in assisting a robot to pass through the scene. <br>This paper proposes a method of task-driven driving scene categorization using weakly supervised data. <br>Given a front-view video of a driving scene, a set of anchor points is marked by following the decision making of a human driver, where an anchor point is not a semantic label but an indicator meaning the semantic attribute of the scene is different from that of the previous one. <br>A measure is learned to discriminate the scenes of different semantic attributes via contrastive learning, and a driving scene profiling and categorization method is developed based on that measure. <br>Experiments are conducted on a front-view video that is recorded when a vehicle passed through the cluttered dynamic campus of Peking University. The scenes are categorized into straight road, turn road and alerting traffic. The results of semantic scene similarity learning and driving scene categorization are extensively studied, and positive result of scene categorization is 97.17 \% on the learning video and 85.44\% on the video of new scenes.      
### 61.Fusing Medical Image Features and Clinical Features with Deep Learning for Computer-Aided Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05855.pdf)
>  Current Computer-Aided Diagnosis (CAD) methods mainly depend on medical images. The clinical information, which usually needs to be considered in practical clinical diagnosis, has not been fully employed in CAD. In this paper, we propose a novel deep learning-based method for fusing Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI)/Computed Tomography (CT) images and clinical information for diagnostic tasks. Two paths of neural layers are performed to extract image features and clinical features, respectively, and at the same time clinical features are employed as the attention to guide the extraction of image features. Finally, these two modalities of features are concatenated to make decisions. We evaluate the proposed method on its applications to Alzheimer's disease diagnosis, mild cognitive impairment converter prediction and hepatic microvascular invasion diagnosis. The encouraging experimental results prove the values of the image feature extraction guided by clinical features and the concatenation of two modalities of features for classification, which improve the performance of diagnosis effectively and stably.      
### 62.Incorporating Orientations into End-to-end Driving Model for Steering Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05846.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel end-to-end deep neural network model for autonomous driving that takes monocular image sequence as input, and directly generates the steering control angle. Firstly, we model the end-to-end driving problem as a local path planning process. Inspired by the environmental representation in the classical planning algorithms(i.e. the beam curvature method), pixel-wise orientations are fed into the network to learn direction-aware features. Next, to handle the imbalanced distribution of steering values in training datasets, we propose an improvement on a cost-sensitive loss function named SteeringLoss2. Besides, we also present a new end-to-end driving dataset, which provides corresponding LiDAR and image sequences, as well as standard driving behaviors. Our dataset includes multiple driving scenarios, such as urban, country, and off-road. Numerous experiments are conducted on both public available LiVi-Set and our own dataset, and the results show that the model using our proposed methods can predict steering angle accurately.      
### 63.Learning to Estimate Kernel Scale and Orientation of Defocus Blur with Asymmetric Coded Aperture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05843.pdf)
>  Consistent in-focus input imagery is an essential precondition for machine vision systems to perceive the dynamic environment. A defocus blur severely degrades the performance of vision systems. To tackle this problem, we propose a deep-learning-based framework estimating the kernel scale and orientation of the defocus blur to adjust lens focus rapidly. Our pipeline utilizes 3D ConvNet for a variable number of input hypotheses to select the optimal slice from the input stack. We use random shuffle and Gumbel-softmax to improve network performance. We also propose to generate synthetic defocused images with various asymmetric coded apertures to facilitate training. Experiments are conducted to demonstrate the effectiveness of our framework.      
### 64.Reframing Neural Networks: Deep Structure in Overcomplete Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05804.pdf)
>  In comparison to classical shallow representation learning techniques, deep neural networks have achieved superior performance in nearly every application benchmark. But despite their clear empirical advantages, it is still not well understood what makes them so effective. To approach this question, we introduce deep frame approximation, a unifying framework for representation learning with structured overcomplete frames. While exact inference requires iterative optimization, it may be approximated by the operations of a feed-forward deep neural network. We then indirectly analyze how model capacity relates to the frame structure induced by architectural hyperparameters such as depth, width, and skip connections. We quantify these structural differences with the deep frame potential, a data-independent measure of coherence linked to representation uniqueness and stability. As a criterion for model selection, we show correlation with generalization error on a variety of common deep network architectures such as ResNets and DenseNets. We also demonstrate how recurrent networks implementing iterative optimization algorithms achieve performance comparable to their feed-forward approximations. This connection to the established theory of overcomplete representations suggests promising new directions for principled deep network architecture design with less reliance on ad-hoc engineering.      
### 65.Content-Preserving Unpaired Translation from Simulated to Realistic Ultrasound Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05745.pdf)
>  Interactive simulation of ultrasound imaging greatly facilitates sonography training. Although ray-tracing based methods have shown promising results, obtaining realistic images requires substantial modeling effort and manual parameter tuning. In addition, current techniques still result in a significant appearance gap between simulated images and real clinical scans. In this work we introduce a novel image translation framework to bridge this appearance gap, while preserving the anatomical layout of the simulated scenes. We achieve this goal by leveraging both simulated images with semantic segmentations and unpaired in-vivo ultrasound scans. Our framework is based on recent contrastive unpaired translation techniques and we propose a regularization approach by learning an auxiliary segmentation-to-real image translation task, which encourages the disentanglement of content and style. In addition, we extend the generator to be class-conditional, which enables the incorporation of additional losses, in particular a cyclic consistency loss, to further improve the translation quality. Qualitative and quantitative comparisons against state-of-the-art unpaired translation methods demonstrate the superiority of our proposed framework.      
### 66.HYDRA: Hybrid Deep Magnetic Resonance Fingerprinting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.02882.pdf)
>  Purpose: Magnetic resonance fingerprinting (MRF) methods typically rely on dictio-nary matching to map the temporal MRF signals to quantitative tissue parameters. Such approaches suffer from inherent discretization errors, as well as high computational complexity as the dictionary size grows. To alleviate these issues, we propose a HYbrid Deep magnetic ResonAnce fingerprinting approach, referred to as HYDRA. <br>Methods: HYDRA involves two stages: a model-based signature restoration phase and a learning-based parameter restoration phase. Signal restoration is implemented using low-rank based de-aliasing techniques while parameter restoration is performed using a deep nonlocal residual convolutional neural network. The designed network is trained on synthesized MRF data simulated with the Bloch equations and fast imaging with steady state precession (FISP) sequences. In test mode, it takes a temporal MRF signal as input and produces the corresponding tissue parameters. <br>Results: We validated our approach on both synthetic data and anatomical data generated from a healthy subject. The results demonstrate that, in contrast to conventional dictionary-matching based MRF techniques, our approach significantly improves inference speed by eliminating the time-consuming dictionary matching operation, and alleviates discretization errors by outputting continuous-valued parameters. We further avoid the need to store a large dictionary, thus reducing memory requirements. <br>Conclusions: Our approach demonstrates advantages in terms of inference speed, accuracy and storage requirements over competing MRF methods      
