# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 5 Mar 2021
### 1.Anycost GANs for Interactive Image Synthesis and Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03243.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have enabled photorealistic image synthesis and editing. However, due to the high computational cost of large-scale generators (e.g., StyleGAN2), it usually takes seconds to see the results of a single edit on edge devices, prohibiting interactive user experience. In this paper, we take inspirations from modern rendering software and propose Anycost GAN for interactive natural image editing. We train the Anycost GAN to support elastic resolutions and channels for faster image generation at versatile speeds. Running subsets of the full generator produce outputs that are perceptually similar to the full generator, making them a good proxy for preview. By using sampling-based multi-resolution training, adaptive-channel training, and a generator-conditioned discriminator, the anycost generator can be evaluated at various configurations while achieving better image quality compared to separately trained models. Furthermore, we develop new encoder training and latent code optimization techniques to encourage consistency between the different sub-generators during image projection. Anycost GAN can be executed at various cost budgets (up to 10x computation reduction) and adapt to a wide range of hardware and latency requirements. When deployed on desktop CPUs and edge devices, our model can provide perceptually similar previews at 6-12x speedup, enabling interactive image editing. The code and demo are publicly available: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mit-han-lab/anycost-gan" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.DONeRF: Towards Real-Time Rendering of Neural Radiance Fields using Depth Oracle Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03231.pdf)
>  The recent research explosion around Neural Radiance Fields (NeRFs) shows that there is immense potential for implicitly storing scene and lighting information in neural networks, e.g., for novel view generation. However, one major limitation preventing the widespread use of NeRFs is the prohibitive computational cost of excessive network evaluations along each view ray, requiring dozens of petaFLOPS when aiming for real-time rendering on current devices. We show that the number of samples required for each view ray can be significantly reduced when local samples are placed around surfaces in the scene. To this end, we propose a depth oracle network, which predicts ray sample locations for each view ray with a single network evaluation. We show that using a classification network around logarithmically discretized and spherically warped depth values is essential to encode surface locations rather than directly estimating depth. The combination of these techniques leads to DONeRF, a dual network design with a depth oracle network as a first step and a locally sampled shading network for ray accumulation. With our design, we reduce the inference costs by up to 48x compared to NeRF. Using an off-the-shelf inference API in combination with simple compute kernels, we are the first to render raymarching-based neural representations at interactive frame rates (15 frames per second at 800x800) on a single GPU. At the same time, since we focus on the important parts of the scene around surfaces, we achieve equal or better quality compared to NeRF.      
### 3.Barlow Twins: Self-Supervised Learning via Redundancy Reduction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03230.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning (SSL) is rapidly closing the gap with supervised methods on large computer vision benchmarks. A successful approach to SSL is to learn representations which are invariant to distortions of the input sample. However, a recurring issue with this approach is the existence of trivial constant representations. Most current methods avoid such collapsed solutions by careful implementation details. We propose an objective function that naturally avoids such collapse by measuring the cross-correlation matrix between the outputs of two identical networks fed with distorted versions of a sample, and making it as close to the identity matrix as possible. This causes the representation vectors of distorted versions of a sample to be similar, while minimizing the redundancy between the components of these vectors. The method is called Barlow Twins, owing to neuroscientist H. Barlow's redundancy-reduction principle applied to a pair of identical networks. Barlow Twins does not require large batches nor asymmetry between the network twins such as a predictor network, gradient stopping, or a moving average on the weight updates. It allows the use of very high-dimensional output vectors. Barlow Twins outperforms previous methods on ImageNet for semi-supervised classification in the low-data regime, and is on par with current state of the art for ImageNet classification with a linear classifier head, and for transfer tasks of classification and object detection.      
### 4.Perceiver: General Perception with Iterative Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03206.pdf)
>  Biological systems understand the world by simultaneously processing high-dimensional inputs from modalities as diverse as vision, audition, touch, proprioception, etc. The perception models used in deep learning on the other hand are designed for individual modalities, often relying on domain-specific assumptions such as the local grid structures exploited by virtually all existing vision models. These priors introduce helpful inductive biases, but also lock models to individual modalities. In this paper we introduce the Perceiver - a model that builds upon Transformers and hence makes few architectural assumptions about the relationship between its inputs, but that also scales to hundreds of thousands of inputs, like ConvNets. The model leverages an asymmetric attention mechanism to iteratively distill inputs into a tight latent bottleneck, allowing it to scale to handle very large inputs. We show that this architecture performs competitively or beyond strong, specialized models on classification tasks across various modalities: images, point clouds, audio, video and video+audio. The Perceiver obtains performance comparable to ResNet-50 on ImageNet without convolutions and by directly attending to 50,000 pixels. It also surpasses state-of-the-art results for all modalities in AudioSet.      
### 5.Prostate Tissue Grading with Deep Quantum Measurement Ordinal Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03188.pdf)
>  Prostate cancer (PCa) is one of the most common and aggressive cancers worldwide. The Gleason score (GS) system is the standard way of classifying prostate cancer and the most reliable method to determine the severity and treatment to follow. The pathologist looks at the arrangement of cancer cells in the prostate and assigns a score on a scale that ranges from 6 to 10. Automatic analysis of prostate whole-slide images (WSIs) is usually addressed as a binary classification problem, which misses the finer distinction between stages given by the GS. This paper presents a probabilistic deep learning ordinal classification method that can estimate the GS from a prostate WSI. Approaching the problem as an ordinal regression task using a differentiable probabilistic model not only improves the interpretability of the results, but also improves the accuracy of the model when compared to conventional deep classification and regression architectures.      
### 6.Enhanced 3D Human Pose Estimation from Videos by using Attention-Based Neural Network with Dilated Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03170.pdf)
>  The attention mechanism provides a sequential prediction framework for learning spatial models with enhanced implicit temporal consistency. In this work, we show a systematic design (from 2D to 3D) for how conventional networks and other forms of constraints can be incorporated into the attention framework for learning long-range dependencies for the task of pose estimation. The contribution of this paper is to provide a systematic approach for designing and training of attention-based models for the end-to-end pose estimation, with the flexibility and scalability of arbitrary video sequences as input. We achieve this by adapting temporal receptive field via a multi-scale structure of dilated convolutions. Besides, the proposed architecture can be easily adapted to a causal model enabling real-time performance. Any off-the-shelf 2D pose estimation systems, e.g. Mocap libraries, can be easily integrated in an ad-hoc fashion. Our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance and outperforms existing methods by reducing the mean per joint position error to 33.4 mm on Human3.6M dataset.      
### 7.Contrastive Learning Meets Transfer Learning: A Case Study In Medical Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03166.pdf)
>  Annotated medical images are typically rarer than labeled natural images since they are limited by domain knowledge and privacy constraints. Recent advances in transfer and contrastive learning have provided effective solutions to tackle such issues from different perspectives. The state-of-the-art transfer learning (e.g., Big Transfer (BiT)) and contrastive learning (e.g., Simple Siamese Contrastive Learning (SimSiam)) approaches have been investigated independently, without considering the complementary nature of such techniques. It would be appealing to accelerate contrastive learning with transfer learning, given that slow convergence speed is a critical limitation of modern contrastive learning approaches. In this paper, we investigate the feasibility of aligning BiT with SimSiam. From empirical analyses, different normalization techniques (Group Norm in BiT vs. Batch Norm in SimSiam) are the key hurdle of adapting BiT to SimSiam. When combining BiT with SimSiam, we evaluated the performance of using BiT, SimSiam, and BiT+SimSiam on CIFAR-10 and HAM10000 datasets. The results suggest that the BiT models accelerate the convergence speed of SimSiam. When used together, the model gives superior performance over both of its counterparts. We hope this study will motivate researchers to revisit the task of aggregating big pre-trained models with contrastive learning models for image analysis.      
### 8.A Structural Causal Model for MR Images of Multiple Sclerosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03158.pdf)
>  Precision medicine involves answering counterfactual questions such as "Would this patient respond better to treatment A or treatment B?" These types of questions are causal in nature and require the tools of causal inference to be answered, e.g., with a structural causal model (SCM). In this work, we develop an SCM that models the interaction between demographic information, disease covariates, and magnetic resonance (MR) images of the brain for people with multiple sclerosis (MS). Inference in the SCM generates counterfactual images that show what an MR image of the brain would look like when demographic or disease covariates are changed. These images can be used for modeling disease progression or used for downstream image processing tasks where controlling for confounders is necessary.      
### 9.SSTN: Self-Supervised Domain Adaptation Thermal Object Detection for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03150.pdf)
>  The sensibility and sensitivity of the environment play a decisive role in the safe and secure operation of autonomous vehicles. This perception of the surrounding is way similar to human visual representation. The human's brain perceives the environment by utilizing different sensory channels and develop a view-invariant representation model. Keeping in this context, different exteroceptive sensors are deployed on the autonomous vehicle for perceiving the environment. The most common exteroceptive sensors are camera, Lidar and radar for autonomous vehicle's perception. Despite being these sensors have illustrated their benefit in the visible spectrum domain yet in the adverse weather conditions, for instance, at night, they have limited operation capability, which may lead to fatal accidents. In this work, we explore thermal object detection to model a view-invariant model representation by employing the self-supervised contrastive learning approach. For this purpose, we have proposed a deep neural network Self Supervised Thermal Network (SSTN) for learning the feature embedding to maximize the information between visible and infrared spectrum domain by contrastive learning, and later employing these learned feature representation for the thermal object detection using multi-scale encoder-decoder transformer network. The proposed method is extensively evaluated on the two publicly available datasets: the FLIR-ADAS dataset and the KAIST Multi-Spectral dataset. The experimental results illustrate the efficacy of the proposed method.      
### 10.Visual diagnosis of the Varroa destructor parasitic mite in honeybees using object detector techniques  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03133.pdf)
>  The Varroa destructor mite is one of the most dangerous Honey Bee (Apis mellifera) parasites worldwide and the bee colonies have to be regularly monitored in order to control its spread. Here we present an object detector based method for health state monitoring of bee colonies. This method has the potential for online measurement and processing. In our experiment, we compare the YOLO and SSD object detectors along with the Deep SVDD anomaly detector. Based on the custom dataset with 600 ground-truth images of healthy and infected bees in various scenes, the detectors reached a high F1 score up to 0.874 in the infected bee detection and up to 0.727 in the detection of the Varroa Destructor mite itself. The results demonstrate the potential of this approach, which will be later used in the real-time computer vision based honey bee inspection system. To the best of our knowledge, this study is the first one using object detectors for this purpose. We expect that performance of those object detectors will enable us to inspect the health status of the honey bee colonies.      
### 11.Learning Whole-Slide Segmentation from Inexact and Incomplete Labels using Tissue Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03129.pdf)
>  Segmenting histology images into diagnostically relevant regions is imperative to support timely and reliable decisions by pathologists. To this end, computer-aided techniques have been proposed to delineate relevant regions in scanned histology slides. However, the techniques necessitate task-specific large datasets of annotated pixels, which is tedious, time-consuming, expensive, and infeasible to acquire for many histology tasks. Thus, weakly-supervised semantic segmentation techniques are proposed to utilize weak supervision that is cheaper and quicker to acquire. In this paper, we propose SegGini, a weakly supervised segmentation method using graphs, that can utilize weak multiplex annotations, i.e. inexact and incomplete annotations, to segment arbitrary and large images, scaling from tissue microarray (TMA) to whole slide image (WSI). Formally, SegGini constructs a tissue-graph representation for an input histology image, where the graph nodes depict tissue regions. Then, it performs weakly-supervised segmentation via node classification by using inexact image-level labels, incomplete scribbles, or both. We evaluated SegGini on two public prostate cancer datasets containing TMAs and WSIs. Our method achieved state-of-the-art segmentation performance on both datasets for various annotation settings while being comparable to a pathologist baseline.      
### 12.Self-supervised Geometric Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03114.pdf)
>  We present self-supervised geometric perception (SGP), the first general framework to learn a feature descriptor for correspondence matching without any ground-truth geometric model labels (e.g., camera poses, rigid transformations). Our first contribution is to formulate geometric perception as an optimization problem that jointly optimizes the feature descriptor and the geometric models given a large corpus of visual measurements (e.g., images, point clouds). Under this optimization formulation, we show that two important streams of research in vision, namely robust model fitting and deep feature learning, correspond to optimizing one block of the unknown variables while fixing the other block. This analysis naturally leads to our second contribution -- the SGP algorithm that performs alternating minimization to solve the joint optimization. SGP iteratively executes two meta-algorithms: a teacher that performs robust model fitting given learned features to generate geometric pseudo-labels, and a student that performs deep feature learning under noisy supervision of the pseudo-labels. As a third contribution, we apply SGP to two perception problems on large-scale real datasets, namely relative camera pose estimation on MegaDepth and point cloud registration on 3DMatch. We demonstrate that SGP achieves state-of-the-art performance that is on-par or superior to the supervised oracles trained using ground-truth labels.      
### 13.Towards Designing Computer Vision-based Explainable-AI Solution: A Use Case of Livestock Mart Industry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03096.pdf)
>  The objective of an online Mart is to match buyers and sellers, to weigh animals and to oversee their sale. A reliable pricing method can be developed by ML models that can read through historical sales data. However, when AI models suggest or recommend a price, that in itself does not reveal too much (i.e., it acts like a black box) about the qualities and the abilities of an animal. An interested buyer would like to know more about the salient features of an animal before making the right choice based on his requirements. A model capable of explaining the different factors that impact the price point is essential for the needs of the market. It can also inspire confidence in buyers and sellers about the price point offered. To achieve these objectives, we have been working with the team at MartEye, a startup based in Portershed in Galway City, Ireland. Through this paper, we report our work-in-progress research towards building a smart video analytic platform, leveraging Explainable AI techniques.      
### 14.Convolutional versus Self-Organized Operational Neural Networks for Real-World Blind Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03070.pdf)
>  Real-world blind denoising poses a unique image restoration challenge due to the non-deterministic nature of the underlying noise distribution. Prevalent discriminative networks trained on synthetic noise models have been shown to generalize poorly to real-world noisy images. While curating real-world noisy images and improving ground truth estimation procedures remain key points of interest, a potential research direction is to explore extensions to the widely used convolutional neuron model to enable better generalization with fewer data and lower network complexity, as opposed to simply using deeper Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). Operational Neural Networks (ONNs) and their recent variant, Self-organized ONNs (Self-ONNs), propose to embed enhanced non-linearity into the neuron model and have been shown to outperform CNNs across a variety of regression tasks. However, all such comparisons have been made for compact networks and the efficacy of deploying operational layers as a drop-in replacement for convolutional layers in contemporary deep architectures remains to be seen. In this work, we tackle the real-world blind image denoising problem by employing, for the first time, a deep Self-ONN. Extensive quantitative and qualitative evaluations spanning multiple metrics and four high-resolution real-world noisy image datasets against the state-of-the-art deep CNN network, DnCNN, reveal that deep Self-ONNs consistently achieve superior results with performance gains of up to 1.76dB in PSNR. Furthermore, Self-ONNs with half and even quarter the number of layers that require only a fraction of computational resources as that of DnCNN can still achieve similar or better results compared to the state-of-the-art.      
### 15.TPCN: Temporal Point Cloud Networks for Motion Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03067.pdf)
>  We propose the Temporal Point Cloud Networks (TPCN), a novel and flexible framework with joint spatial and temporal learning for trajectory prediction. Unlike existing approaches that rasterize agents and map information as 2D images or operate in a graph representation, our approach extends ideas from point cloud learning with dynamic temporal learning to capture both spatial and temporal information by splitting trajectory prediction into both spatial and temporal dimensions. In the spatial dimension, agents can be viewed as an unordered point set, and thus it is straightforward to apply point cloud learning techniques to model agents' locations. While the spatial dimension does not take kinematic and motion information into account, we further propose dynamic temporal learning to model agents' motion over time. Experiments on the Argoverse motion forecasting benchmark show that our approach achieves the state-of-the-art results.      
### 16.BM3D vs 2-Layer ONN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03060.pdf)
>  Despite their recent success on image denoising, the need for deep and complex architectures still hinders the practical usage of CNNs. Older but computationally more efficient methods such as BM3D remain a popular choice, especially in resource-constrained scenarios. In this study, we aim to find out whether compact neural networks can learn to produce competitive results as compared to BM3D for AWGN image denoising. To this end, we configure networks with only two hidden layers and employ different neuron models and layer widths for comparing the performance with BM3D across different AWGN noise levels. Our results conclusively show that the recently proposed self-organized variant of operational neural networks based on a generative neuron model (Self-ONNs) is not only a better choice as compared to CNNs, but also provide competitive results as compared to BM3D and even significantly surpass it for high noise levels.      
### 17.Sub-pixel face landmarks using heatmaps and a bag of tricks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03059.pdf)
>  Accurate face landmark localization is an essential part of face recognition, reconstruction and morphing. To accurately localize face landmarks, we present our heatmap regression approach. Each model consists of a MobileNetV2 backbone followed by several upscaling layers, with different tricks to optimize both performance and inference cost. We use five naïve face landmarks from a publicly available face detector to position and align the face instead of using the bounding box like traditional methods. Moreover, we show by adding random rotation, displacement and scaling -- after alignment -- that the model is more sensitive to the face position than orientation. We also show that it is possible to reduce the upscaling complexity by using a mixture of deconvolution and pixel-shuffle layers without impeding localization performance. We present our state-of-the-art face landmark localization model (ranking second on The 2nd Grand Challenge of 106-Point Facial Landmark Localization validation set). Finally, we test the effect on face recognition using these landmarks, using a publicly available model and benchmarks.      
### 18.Mobile Touchless Fingerprint Recognition: Implementation, Performance and Usability Aspects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03038.pdf)
>  This work presents an automated touchless fingerprint recognition system for smartphones. We provide a comprehensive description of the entire recognition pipeline and discuss important requirements for a fully automated capturing system. Also, our implementation is made publicly available for research purposes. During a database acquisition, a total number of 1,360 touchless and touch-based samples of 29 subjects are captured in two different environmental situations. Experiments on the acquired database show a comparable performance of our touchless scheme and the touch-based baseline scheme under constrained environmental influences. A comparative usability study on both capturing device types indicates that the majority of subjects prefer the touchless capturing method. Based on our experimental results we analyze the impact of the current COVID-19 pandemic on fingerprint recognition systems. Finally, implementation aspects of touchless fingerprint recognition are summarized.      
### 19.Modeling Multi-Label Action Dependencies for Temporal Action Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03027.pdf)
>  Real-world videos contain many complex actions with inherent relationships between action classes. In this work, we propose an attention-based architecture that models these action relationships for the task of temporal action localization in untrimmed videos. As opposed to previous works that leverage video-level co-occurrence of actions, we distinguish the relationships between actions that occur at the same time-step and actions that occur at different time-steps (i.e. those which precede or follow each other). We define these distinct relationships as action dependencies. We propose to improve action localization performance by modeling these action dependencies in a novel attention-based Multi-Label Action Dependency (MLAD)layer. The MLAD layer consists of two branches: a Co-occurrence Dependency Branch and a Temporal Dependency Branch to model co-occurrence action dependencies and temporal action dependencies, respectively. We observe that existing metrics used for multi-label classification do not explicitly measure how well action dependencies are modeled, therefore, we propose novel metrics that consider both co-occurrence and temporal dependencies between action classes. Through empirical evaluation and extensive analysis, we show improved performance over state-of-the-art methods on multi-label action localization benchmarks(MultiTHUMOS and Charades) in terms of f-mAP and our proposed metric.      
### 20.CoTr: Efficiently Bridging CNN and Transformer for 3D Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03024.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been the de facto standard for nowadays 3D medical image segmentation. The convolutional operations used in these networks, however, inevitably have limitations in modeling the long-range dependency due to their inductive bias of locality and weight sharing. Although Transformer was born to address this issue, it suffers from extreme computational and spatial complexities in processing high-resolution 3D feature maps. In this paper, we propose a novel framework that efficiently bridges a {\bf Co}nvolutional neural network and a {\bf Tr}ansformer {\bf (CoTr)} for accurate 3D medical image segmentation. Under this framework, the CNN is constructed to extract feature representations and an efficient deformable Transformer (DeTrans) is built to model the long-range dependency on the extracted feature maps. Different from the vanilla Transformer which treats all image positions equally, our DeTrans pays attention only to a small set of key positions by introducing the deformable self-attention mechanism. Thus, the computational and spatial complexities of DeTrans have been greatly reduced, making it possible to process the multi-scale and high-resolution feature maps, which are usually of paramount importance for image segmentation. We conduct an extensive evaluation on the Multi-Atlas Labeling Beyond the Cranial Vault (BCV) dataset that covers 11 major human organs. The results indicate that our CoTr leads to a substantial performance improvement over other CNN-based, transformer-based, and hybrid methods on the 3D multi-organ segmentation task. Code is available at \def\UrlFont{\rm\small\ttfamily} \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/YtongXie/CoTr" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 21.SpectralDefense: Detecting Adversarial Attacks on CNNs in the Fourier Domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03000.pdf)
>  Despite the success of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) in many computer vision and image analysis tasks, they remain vulnerable against so-called adversarial attacks: Small, crafted perturbations in the input images can lead to false predictions. A possible defense is to detect adversarial examples. In this work, we show how analysis in the Fourier domain of input images and feature maps can be used to distinguish benign test samples from adversarial images. We propose two novel detection methods: Our first method employs the magnitude spectrum of the input images to detect an adversarial attack. This simple and robust classifier can successfully detect adversarial perturbations of three commonly used attack methods. The second method builds upon the first and additionally extracts the phase of Fourier coefficients of feature-maps at different layers of the network. With this extension, we are able to improve adversarial detection rates compared to state-of-the-art detectors on five different attack methods.      
### 22.MOGAN: Morphologic-structure-aware Generative Learning from a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02997.pdf)
>  In most interactive image generation tasks, given regions of interest (ROI) by users, the generated results are expected to have adequate diversities in appearance while maintaining correct and reasonable structures in original images. Such tasks become more challenging if only limited data is available. Recently proposed generative models complete training based on only one image. They pay much attention to the monolithic feature of the sample while ignoring the actual semantic information of different objects inside the sample. As a result, for ROI-based generation tasks, they may produce inappropriate samples with excessive randomicity and without maintaining the related objects' correct structures. To address this issue, this work introduces a MOrphologic-structure-aware Generative Adversarial Network named MOGAN that produces random samples with diverse appearances and reliable structures based on only one image. For training for ROI, we propose to utilize the data coming from the original image being augmented and bring in a novel module to transform such augmented data into knowledge containing both structures and appearances, thus enhancing the model's comprehension of the sample. To learn the rest areas other than ROI, we employ binary masks to ensure the generation isolated from ROI. Finally, we set parallel and hierarchical branches of the mentioned learning process. Compared with other single image GAN schemes, our approach focuses on internal features including the maintenance of rational structures and variation on appearance. Experiments confirm a better capacity of our model on ROI-based image generation tasks than its competitive peers.      
### 23.Optical Flow Estimation from a Single Motion-blurred Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02996.pdf)
>  In most of computer vision applications, motion blur is regarded as an undesirable artifact. However, it has been shown that motion blur in an image may have practical interests in fundamental computer vision problems. In this work, we propose a novel framework to estimate optical flow from a single motion-blurred image in an end-to-end manner. We design our network with transformer networks to learn globally and locally varying motions from encoded features of a motion-blurred input, and decode left and right frame features without explicit frame supervision. A flow estimator network is then used to estimate optical flow from the decoded features in a coarse-to-fine manner. We qualitatively and quantitatively evaluate our model through a large set of experiments on synthetic and real motion-blur datasets. We also provide in-depth analysis of our model in connection with related approaches to highlight the effectiveness and favorability of our approach. Furthermore, we showcase the applicability of the flow estimated by our method on deblurring and moving object segmentation tasks.      
### 24.Motion-blurred Video Interpolation and Extrapolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02984.pdf)
>  Abrupt motion of camera or objects in a scene result in a blurry video, and therefore recovering high quality video requires two types of enhancements: visual enhancement and temporal upsampling. A broad range of research attempted to recover clean frames from blurred image sequences or temporally upsample frames by interpolation, yet there are very limited studies handling both problems jointly. In this work, we present a novel framework for deblurring, interpolating and extrapolating sharp frames from a motion-blurred video in an end-to-end manner. We design our framework by first learning the pixel-level motion that caused the blur from the given inputs via optical flow estimation and then predict multiple clean frames by warping the decoded features with the estimated flows. To ensure temporal coherence across predicted frames and address potential temporal ambiguity, we propose a simple, yet effective flow-based rule. The effectiveness and favorability of our approach are highlighted through extensive qualitative and quantitative evaluations on motion-blurred datasets from high speed videos.      
### 25.Towards Ultrafast MRI via Extreme k-Space Undersampling and Superresolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02940.pdf)
>  We went below the MRI acceleration factors (a.k.a., k-space undersampling) reported by all published papers that reference the original fastMRI challenge, and then considered powerful deep learning based image enhancement methods to compensate for the underresolved images. We thoroughly study the influence of the sampling patterns, the undersampling and the downscaling factors, as well as the recovery models on the final image quality for both the brain and the knee fastMRI benchmarks. The quality of the reconstructed images surpasses that of the other methods, yielding an MSE of 0.00114, a PSNR of 29.6 dB, and an SSIM of 0.956 at x16 acceleration factor. More extreme undersampling factors of x32 and x64 are also investigated, holding promise for certain clinical applications such as computer-assisted surgery or radiation planning. We survey 5 expert radiologists to assess 100 pairs of images and show that the recovered undersampled images statistically preserve their diagnostic value.      
### 26.Visual Question Answering: which investigated applications?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02937.pdf)
>  Visual Question Answering (VQA) is an extremely stimulating and challenging research area where Computer Vision (CV) and Natural Language Processig (NLP) have recently met. In image captioning and video summarization, the semantic information is completely contained in still images or video dynamics, and it has only to be mined and expressed in a human-consistent way. Differently from this, in VQA semantic information in the same media must be compared with the semantics implied by a question expressed in natural language, doubling the artificial intelligence-related effort. Some recent surveys about VQA approaches have focused on methods underlying either the image-related processing or the verbal-related one, or on the way to consistently fuse the conveyed information. Possible applications are only suggested, and, in fact, most cited works rely on general-purpose datasets that are used to assess the building blocks of a VQA system. This paper rather considers the proposals that focus on real-world applications, possibly using as benchmarks suitable data bound to the application domain. The paper also reports about some recent challenges in VQA research.      
### 27.QAIR: Practical Query-efficient Black-Box Attacks for Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02927.pdf)
>  We study the query-based attack against image retrieval to evaluate its robustness against adversarial examples under the black-box setting, where the adversary only has query access to the top-k ranked unlabeled images from the database. Compared with query attacks in image classification, which produce adversaries according to the returned labels or confidence score, the challenge becomes even more prominent due to the difficulty in quantifying the attack effectiveness on the partial retrieved list. In this paper, we make the first attempt in Query-based Attack against Image Retrieval (QAIR), to completely subvert the top-k retrieval results. Specifically, a new relevance-based loss is designed to quantify the attack effects by measuring the set similarity on the top-k retrieval results before and after attacks and guide the gradient optimization. To further boost the attack efficiency, a recursive model stealing method is proposed to acquire transferable priors on the target model and generate the prior-guided gradients. Comprehensive experiments show that the proposed attack achieves a high attack success rate with few queries against the image retrieval systems under the black-box setting. The attack evaluations on the real-world visual search engine show that it successfully deceives a commercial system such as Bing Visual Search with 98% attack success rate by only 33 queries on average.      
### 28.Semi-supervised Left Atrium Segmentation with Mutual Consistency Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02911.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning has attracted great attention in the field of machine learning, especially for medical image segmentation tasks, since it alleviates the heavy burden of collecting abundant densely annotated data for training. However, most of existing methods underestimate the importance of challenging regions (e.g. small branches or blurred edges) during training. We believe that these unlabeled regions may contain more crucial information to minimize the uncertainty prediction for the model and should be emphasized in the training process. Therefore, in this paper, we propose a novel Mutual Consistency Network (MC-Net) for semi-supervised left atrium segmentation from 3D MR images. Particularly, our MC-Net consists of one encoder and two slightly different decoders, and the prediction discrepancies of two decoders are transformed as an unsupervised loss by our designed cycled pseudo label scheme to encourage mutual consistency. Such mutual consistency encourages the two decoders to have consistent and low-entropy predictions and enables the model to gradually capture generalized features from these unlabeled challenging regions. We evaluate our MC-Net on the public Left Atrium (LA) database and it obtains impressive performance gains by exploiting the unlabeled data effectively. Our MC-Net outperforms six recent semi-supervised methods for left atrium segmentation, and sets the new state-of-the-art performance on the LA database.      
### 29.Coordinate Attention for Efficient Mobile Network Design  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02907.pdf)
>  Recent studies on mobile network design have demonstrated the remarkable effectiveness of channel attention (e.g., the Squeeze-and-Excitation attention) for lifting model performance, but they generally neglect the positional information, which is important for generating spatially selective attention maps. In this paper, we propose a novel attention mechanism for mobile networks by embedding positional information into channel attention, which we call "coordinate attention". Unlike channel attention that transforms a feature tensor to a single feature vector via 2D global pooling, the coordinate attention factorizes channel attention into two 1D feature encoding processes that aggregate features along the two spatial directions, respectively. In this way, long-range dependencies can be captured along one spatial direction and meanwhile precise positional information can be preserved along the other spatial direction. The resulting feature maps are then encoded separately into a pair of direction-aware and position-sensitive attention maps that can be complementarily applied to the input feature map to augment the representations of the objects of interest. Our coordinate attention is simple and can be flexibly plugged into classic mobile networks, such as MobileNetV2, MobileNeXt, and EfficientNet with nearly no computational overhead. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our coordinate attention is not only beneficial to ImageNet classification but more interestingly, behaves better in down-stream tasks, such as object detection and semantic segmentation. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Andrew-Qibin/CoordAttention" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 30.Effective and Fast: A Novel Sequential Single Path Search for Mixed-Precision Quantization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02904.pdf)
>  Since model quantization helps to reduce the model size and computation latency, it has been successfully applied in many applications of mobile phones, embedded devices and smart chips. The mixed-precision quantization model can match different quantization bit-precisions according to the sensitivity of different layers to achieve great performance. However, it is a difficult problem to quickly determine the quantization bit-precision of each layer in deep neural networks according to some constraints (e.g., hardware resources, energy consumption, model size and computation latency). To address this issue, we propose a novel sequential single path search (SSPS) method for mixed-precision quantization,in which the given constraints are introduced into its loss function to guide searching process. A single path search cell is used to combine a fully differentiable supernet, which can be optimized by gradient-based algorithms. Moreover, we sequentially determine the candidate precisions according to the selection certainties to exponentially reduce the search space and speed up the convergence of searching process. Experiments show that our method can efficiently search the mixed-precision models for different architectures (e.g., ResNet-20, 18, 34, 50 and MobileNet-V2) and datasets (e.g., CIFAR-10, ImageNet and COCO) under given constraints, and our experimental results verify that SSPS significantly outperforms their uniform counterparts.      
### 31.Mask DnGAN: Multi-Stage Raw Video Denoising with Adversarial Loss and Gradient Mask  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02861.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a learning-based approach for denoising raw videos captured under low lighting conditions. We propose to do this by first explicitly aligning the neighboring frames to the current frame using a convolutional neural network (CNN). We then fuse the registered frames using another CNN to obtain the final denoised frame. To avoid directly aligning the temporally distant frames, we perform the two processes of alignment and fusion in multiple stages. Specifically, at each stage, we perform the denoising process on three consecutive input frames to generate the intermediate denoised frames which are then passed as the input to the next stage. By performing the process in multiple stages, we can effectively utilize the information of neighboring frames without directly aligning the temporally distant frames. We train our multi-stage system using an adversarial loss with a conditional discriminator. Specifically, we condition the discriminator on a soft gradient mask to prevent introducing high-frequency artifacts in smooth regions. We show that our system is able to produce temporally coherent videos with realistic details. Furthermore, we demonstrate through extensive experiments that our approach outperforms state-of-the-art image and video denoising methods both numerically and visually.      
### 32.Morphset:Augmenting categorical emotion datasets with dimensional affect labels using face morphing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02854.pdf)
>  Emotion recognition and understanding is a vital componentin human-machine interaction. Dimensional models of affectsuch as those using valence and arousal have advantages overtraditional categorical ones due to the complexity of emo-tional states in humans. However, dimensional emotion an-notations are difficult and expensive to collect, therefore theyare still limited in the affective computing community. To ad-dress these issues, we propose a method to generate syntheticimages from existing categorical emotion datasets using facemorphing, with full control over the resulting sample distri-bution as well as dimensional labels in the circumplex space,while achieving augmentation factors of at least 20x or more.      
### 33.Data Augmentation for Object Detection via Differentiable Neural Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02852.pdf)
>  It is challenging to train a robust object detector when annotated data is scarce. Existing approaches to tackle this problem include semi-supervised learning that interpolates labeled data from unlabeled data, self-supervised learning that exploit signals within unlabeled data via pretext tasks. Without changing the supervised learning paradigm, we introduce an offline data augmentation method for object detection, which semantically interpolates the training data with novel views. Specifically, our proposed system generates controllable views of training images based on differentiable neural rendering, together with corresponding bounding box annotations which involve no human intervention. Firstly, we extract and project pixel-aligned image features into point clouds while estimating depth maps. We then re-project them with a target camera pose and render a novel-view 2d image. Objects in the form of keypoints are marked in point clouds to recover annotations in new views. It is fully compatible with online data augmentation methods, such as affine transform, image mixup, etc. Extensive experiments show that our method, as a cost-free tool to enrich images and labels, can significantly boost the performance of object detection systems with scarce training data. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Guanghan/DANR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 34.Point Cloud Distortion Quantification based on Potential Energy for Human and Machine Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02850.pdf)
>  Distortion quantification of point clouds plays a stealth, yet vital role in a wide range of human and machine perception tasks. For human perception tasks, a distortion quantification can substitute subjective experiments to guide 3D visualization; while for machine perception tasks, a distortion quantification can work as a loss function to guide the training of deep neural networks for unsupervised learning tasks. To handle a variety of demands in many applications, a distortion quantification needs to be distortion discriminable, differentiable, and have a low computational complexity. Currently, however, there is a lack of a general distortion quantification that can satisfy all three conditions. To fill this gap, this work proposes multiscale potential energy discrepancy (MPED), a distortion quantification to measure point cloud geometry and color difference. By evaluating at various neighborhood sizes, the proposed MPED achieves global-local tradeoffs, capturing distortion in a multiscale fashion. Extensive experimental studies validate MPED's superiority for both human and machine perception tasks.      
### 35.Camera-Space Hand Mesh Recovery via Semantic Aggregation and Adaptive 2D-1D Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02845.pdf)
>  Recent years have witnessed significant progress in 3D hand mesh recovery. Nevertheless, because of the intrinsic 2D-to-3D ambiguity, recovering camera-space 3D information from a single RGB image remains challenging. To tackle this problem, we divide camera-space mesh recovery into two sub-tasks, i.e., root-relative mesh recovery and root recovery. First, joint landmarks and silhouette are extracted from a single input image to provide 2D cues for the 3D tasks. In the root-relative mesh recovery task, we exploit semantic relations among joints to generate a 3D mesh from the extracted 2D cues. Such generated 3D mesh coordinates are expressed relative to a root position, i.e., wrist of the hand. In the root recovery task, the root position is registered to the camera space by aligning the generated 3D mesh back to 2D cues, thereby completing camera-space 3D mesh recovery. Our pipeline is novel in that (1) it explicitly makes use of known semantic relations among joints and (2) it exploits 1D projections of the silhouette and mesh to achieve robust registration. Extensive experiments on popular datasets such as FreiHAND, RHD, and Human3.6M demonstrate that our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on both root-relative mesh recovery and root recovery. Our code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SeanChenxy/HandMesh" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 36.A Novel Application of Image-to-Image Translation: Chromosome Straightening Framework by Learning from a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02835.pdf)
>  In medical imaging, chromosome straightening plays a significant role in the pathological study of chromosomes and in the development of cytogenetic maps. Whereas different approaches exist for the straightening task, they are mostly geometric algorithms whose outputs are characterized by jagged edges or fragments with discontinued banding patterns. To address the flaws in the geometric algorithms, we propose a novel framework based on image-to-image translation to learn a pertinent mapping dependence for synthesizing straightened chromosomes with uninterrupted banding patterns and preserved details. In addition, to avoid the pitfall of deficient input chromosomes, we construct an augmented dataset using only one single curved chromosome image for training models. Based on this framework, we apply two popular image-to-image translation architectures, U-shape networks and conditional generative adversarial networks, to assess its efficacy. Experiments on a dataset comprising of 642 real-world chromosomes demonstrate the superiority of our framework as compared to the geometric method in straightening performance by rendering realistic and continued chromosome details. Furthermore, our straightened results improve the chromosome classification, achieving 0.98%-1.39% in mean accuracy.      
### 37.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Image Classification via Structure-Conditioned Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02808.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) typically carries out knowledge transfer from a label-rich source domain to an unlabeled target domain by adversarial learning. In principle, existing UDA approaches mainly focus on the global distribution alignment between domains while ignoring the intrinsic local distribution properties. Motivated by this observation, we propose an end-to-end structure-conditioned adversarial learning scheme (SCAL) that is able to preserve the intra-class compactness during domain distribution alignment. By using local structures as structure-aware conditions, the proposed scheme is implemented in a structure-conditioned adversarial learning pipeline. The above learning procedure is iteratively performed by alternating between local structures establishment and structure-conditioned adversarial learning. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed scheme in UDA scenarios.      
### 38.When Face Recognition Meets Occlusion: A New Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02805.pdf)
>  The existing face recognition datasets usually lack occlusion samples, which hinders the development of face recognition. Especially during the COVID-19 coronavirus epidemic, wearing a mask has become an effective means of preventing the virus spread. Traditional CNN-based face recognition models trained on existing datasets are almost ineffective for heavy occlusion. To this end, we pioneer a simulated occlusion face recognition dataset. In particular, we first collect a variety of glasses and masks as occlusion, and randomly combine the occlusion attributes (occlusion objects, textures,and colors) to achieve a large number of more realistic occlusion types. We then cover them in the proper position of the face image with the normal occlusion habit. Furthermore, we reasonably combine original normal face images and occluded face images to form our final dataset, termed as Webface-OCC. It covers 804,704 face images of 10,575 subjects, with diverse occlusion types to ensure its diversity and stability. Extensive experiments on public datasets show that the ArcFace retrained by our dataset significantly outperforms the state-of-the-arts. Webface-OCC is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Baojin-Huang/Webface-OCC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 39.Learning Granularity-Aware Convolutional Neural Network for Fine-Grained Visual Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02788.pdf)
>  Locating discriminative parts plays a key role in fine-grained visual classification due to the high similarities between different objects. Recent works based on convolutional neural networks utilize the feature maps taken from the last convolutional layer to mine discriminative regions. However, the last convolutional layer tends to focus on the whole object due to the large receptive field, which leads to a reduced ability to spot the differences. To address this issue, we propose a novel Granularity-Aware Convolutional Neural Network (GA-CNN) that progressively explores discriminative features. Specifically, GA-CNN utilizes the differences of the receptive fields at different layers to learn multi-granularity features, and it exploits larger granularity information based on the smaller granularity information found at the previous stages. To further boost the performance, we introduce an object-attentive module that can effectively localize the object given a raw image. GA-CNN does not need bounding boxes/part annotations and can be trained end-to-end. Extensive experimental results show that our approach achieves state-of-the-art performances on three benchmark datasets.      
### 40.Feature Boosting, Suppression, and Diversification for Fine-Grained Visual Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02782.pdf)
>  Learning feature representation from discriminative local regions plays a key role in fine-grained visual classification. Employing attention mechanisms to extract part features has become a trend. However, there are two major limitations in these methods: First, they often focus on the most salient part while neglecting other inconspicuous but distinguishable parts. Second, they treat different part features in isolation while neglecting their relationships. To handle these limitations, we propose to locate multiple different distinguishable parts and explore their relationships in an explicit way. In this pursuit, we introduce two lightweight modules that can be easily plugged into existing convolutional neural networks. On one hand, we introduce a feature boosting and suppression module that boosts the most salient part of feature maps to obtain a part-specific representation and suppresses it to force the following network to mine other potential parts. On the other hand, we introduce a feature diversification module that learns semantically complementary information from the correlated part-specific representations. Our method does not need bounding boxes/part annotations and can be trained end-to-end. Extensive experimental results show that our method achieves state-of-the-art performances on several benchmark fine-grained datasets.      
### 41.Structure-Preserving Progressive Low-rank Image Completion for Defending Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02781.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks recognize objects by analyzing local image details and summarizing their information along the inference layers to derive the final decision. Because of this, they are prone to adversarial attacks. Small sophisticated noise in the input images can accumulate along the network inference path and produce wrong decisions at the network output. On the other hand, human eyes recognize objects based on their global structure and semantic cues, instead of local image textures. Because of this, human eyes can still clearly recognize objects from images which have been heavily damaged by adversarial attacks. This leads to a very interesting approach for defending deep neural networks against adversarial attacks. In this work, we propose to develop a structure-preserving progressive low-rank image completion (SPLIC) method to remove unneeded texture details from the input images and shift the bias of deep neural networks towards global object structures and semantic cues. We formulate the problem into a low-rank matrix completion problem with progressively smoothed rank functions to avoid local minimums during the optimization process. Our experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method is able to successfully remove the insignificant local image details while preserving important global object structures. On black-box, gray-box, and white-box attacks, our method outperforms existing defense methods (by up to 12.6%) and significantly improves the adversarial robustness of the network.      
### 42.DeepTag: An Unsupervised Deep Learning Method for Motion Tracking on Cardiac Tagging Magnetic Resonance Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02772.pdf)
>  Cardiac tagging magnetic resonance imaging (t-MRI) is the gold standard for regional myocardium deformation and cardiac strain estimation. However, this technique has not been widely used in clinical diagnosis, as a result of the difficulty of motion tracking encountered with t-MRI images. In this paper, we propose a novel deep learning-based fully unsupervised method for in vivo motion tracking on t-MRI images. We first estimate the motion field (INF) between any two consecutive t-MRI frames by a bi-directional generative diffeomorphic registration neural network. Using this result, we then estimate the Lagrangian motion field between the reference frame and any other frame through a differentiable composition layer. By utilizing temporal information to perform reasonable estimations on spatio-temporal motion fields, this novel method provides a useful solution for motion tracking and image registration in dynamic medical imaging. Our method has been validated on a representative clinical t-MRI dataset; the experimental results show that our method is superior to conventional motion tracking methods in terms of landmark tracking accuracy and inference efficiency.      
### 43.SVMax: A Feature Embedding Regularizer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02770.pdf)
>  A neural network regularizer (e.g., weight decay) boosts performance by explicitly penalizing the complexity of a network. In this paper, we penalize inferior network activations -- feature embeddings -- which in turn regularize the network's weights implicitly. We propose singular value maximization (SVMax) to learn a more uniform feature embedding. The SVMax regularizer supports both supervised and unsupervised learning. Our formulation mitigates model collapse and enables larger learning rates. We evaluate the SVMax regularizer using both retrieval and generative adversarial networks. We leverage a synthetic mixture of Gaussians dataset to evaluate SVMax in an unsupervised setting. For retrieval networks, SVMax achieves significant improvement margins across various ranking losses. Code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://bit.ly/3jNkgDt" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 44.PC2WF: 3D Wireframe Reconstruction from Raw Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02766.pdf)
>  We introduce PC2WF, the first end-to-end trainable deep network architecture to convert a 3D point cloud into a wireframe model. The network takes as input an unordered set of 3D points sampled from the surface of some object, and outputs a wireframe of that object, i.e., a sparse set of corner points linked by line segments. Recovering the wireframe is a challenging task, where the numbers of both vertices and edges are different for every instance, and a-priori unknown. Our architecture gradually builds up the model: It starts by encoding the points into feature vectors. Based on those features, it identifies a pool of candidate vertices, then prunes those candidates to a final set of corner vertices and refines their locations. Next, the corners are linked with an exhaustive set of candidate edges, which is again pruned to obtain the final wireframe. All steps are trainable, and errors can be backpropagated through the entire sequence. We validate the proposed model on a publicly available synthetic dataset, for which the ground truth wireframes are accessible, as well as on a new real-world dataset. Our model produces wireframe abstractions of good quality and outperforms several baselines.      
### 45.Learning Asynchronous and Sparse Human-Object Interaction in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02758.pdf)
>  Human activities can be learned from video. With effective modeling it is possible to discover not only the action labels but also the temporal structures of the activities such as the progression of the sub-activities. Automatically recognizing such structure from raw video signal is a new capability that promises authentic modeling and successful recognition of human-object interactions. Toward this goal, we introduce Asynchronous-Sparse Interaction Graph Networks (ASSIGN), a recurrent graph network that is able to automatically detect the structure of interaction events associated with entities in a video scene. ASSIGN pioneers learning of autonomous behavior of video entities including their dynamic structure and their interaction with the coexisting neighbors. Entities' lives in our model are asynchronous to those of others therefore more flexible in adaptation to complex scenarios. Their interactions are sparse in time hence more faithful to the true underlying nature and more robust in inference and learning. ASSIGN is tested on human-object interaction recognition and shows superior performance in segmenting and labeling of human sub-activities and object affordances from raw videos. The native ability for discovering temporal structures of the model also eliminates the dependence on external segmentation that was previously mandatory for this task.      
### 46.Efficient data-driven encoding of scene motion using Eccentricity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02743.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel approach of representing dynamic visual scenes with static maps generated from video/image streams. Such representation allows easy visual assessment of motion in dynamic environments. These maps are 2D matrices calculated recursively, in a pixel-wise manner, that is based on the recently introduced concept of Eccentricity data analysis. Eccentricity works as a metric of a discrepancy between a particular pixel of an image and its normality model, calculated in terms of mean and variance of past readings of the same spatial region of the image. While Eccentricity maps carry temporal information about the scene, actual images do not need to be stored nor processed in batches. Rather, all the calculations are done recursively, based on a small amount of statistical information stored in memory, thus resulting in a very computationally efficient (processor- and memory-wise) method. The list of potential applications includes video-based activity recognition, intent recognition, object tracking, video description, and so on.      
### 47.A comprehensive survey on point cloud registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02690.pdf)
>  Registration is a problem of transformation estimation between two point clouds, which has experienced a long history of development from an optimization aspect. The recent success of deep learning has vastly improved registration robustness and efficiency. This survey tries to conduct a comprehensive review and build the connection between optimization-based methods and deep learning methods, to provide further research insight. Moreover, with the recent development of 3D sensors and 3D reconstruction techniques, a new research direction also emerges to align cross-source point clouds. This survey reviews the development of cross-source point cloud registration and builds a new benchmark to evaluate the state-of-the-art registration algorithms. Besides, this survey summarizes the benchmark data sets and discusses point cloud registration applications across various domains. Finally, this survey proposes potential research directions in this rapidly growing field.      
### 48.Deep Clustering by Semantic Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02662.pdf)
>  Whilst contrastive learning has achieved remarkable success in self-supervised representation learning, its potential for deep clustering remains unknown. This is due to its fundamental limitation that the instance discrimination strategy it takes is not class sensitive and hence unable to reason about the underlying decision boundaries between semantic concepts or classes. In this work, we solve this problem by introducing a novel variant called Semantic Contrastive Learning (SCL). It explores the characteristics of both conventional contrastive learning and deep clustering by imposing distance-based cluster structures on unlabelled training data and also introducing a discriminative contrastive loss formulation. For explicitly modelling class boundaries on-the-fly, we further formulate a clustering consistency condition on the two different predictions given by visual similarities and semantic decision boundaries. By advancing implicit representation learning towards explicit understandings of visual semantics, SCL can amplify jointly the strengths of contrastive learning and deep clustering in a unified approach. Extensive experiments show that the proposed model outperforms the state-of-the-art deep clustering methods on six challenging object recognition benchmarks, especially on finer-grained and larger datasets.      
### 49.There and back again: Cycle consistency across sets for isolating factors of variation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03240.pdf)
>  Representational learning hinges on the task of unraveling the set of underlying explanatory factors of variation in data. In this work, we operate in the setting where limited information is known about the data in the form of groupings, or set membership, where the underlying factors of variation is restricted to a subset. Our goal is to learn representations which isolate the factors of variation that are common across the groupings. Our key insight is the use of cycle consistency across sets(CCS) between the learned embeddings of images belonging to different sets. In contrast to other methods utilizing set supervision, CCS can be applied with significantly fewer constraints on the factors of variation, across a remarkably broad range of settings, and only utilizing set membership for some fraction of the training data. By curating datasets from Shapes3D, we quantify the effectiveness of CCS through mutual information between the learned representations and the known generative factors. In addition, we demonstrate the applicability of CCS to the tasks of digit style isolation and synthetic-to-real object pose transfer and compare to generative approaches utilizing the same supervision.      
### 50.COIN: COmpression with Implicit Neural representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03123.pdf)
>  We propose a new simple approach for image compression: instead of storing the RGB values for each pixel of an image, we store the weights of a neural network overfitted to the image. Specifically, to encode an image, we fit it with an MLP which maps pixel locations to RGB values. We then quantize and store the weights of this MLP as a code for the image. To decode the image, we simply evaluate the MLP at every pixel location. We found that this simple approach outperforms JPEG at low bit-rates, even without entropy coding or learning a distribution over weights. While our framework is not yet competitive with state of the art compression methods, we show that it has various attractive properties which could make it a viable alternative to other neural data compression approaches.      
### 51.Benchmarking Deep Learning Classifiers: Beyond Accuracy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03102.pdf)
>  Previous research evaluating deep learning (DL) classifiers has often used top-1/top-5 accuracy. However, the accuracy of DL classifiers is unstable in that it often changes significantly when retested on imperfect or adversarial images. This paper adds to the small but fundamental body of work on benchmarking the robustness of DL classifiers on imperfect images by proposing a two-dimensional metric, consisting of mean accuracy and coefficient of variation, to measure the robustness of DL classifiers. Spearman's rank correlation coefficient and Pearson's correlation coefficient are used and their independence evaluated. A statistical plot we call mCV is presented which aims to help visualize the robustness of the performance of DL classifiers across varying amounts of imperfection in tested images. Finally, we demonstrate that defective images corrupted by two-factor corruption could be used to improve the robustness of DL classifiers. All source codes and related image sets are shared on a website (<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.animpala.com" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>) to support future research projects.      
### 52.Generalizing to Unseen Domains: A Survey on Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03097.pdf)
>  Domain generalization (DG), i.e., out-of-distribution generalization, has attracted increased interests in recent years. Domain generalization deals with a challenging setting where one or several different but related domain(s) are given, and the goal is to learn a model that can generalize to an unseen test domain. For years, great progress has been achieved. This paper presents the first review for recent advances in domain generalization. First, we provide a formal definition of domain generalization and discuss several related fields. Next, we thoroughly review the theories related to domain generalization and carefully analyze the theory behind generalization. Then, we categorize recent algorithms into three classes and present them in detail: data manipulation, representation learning, and learning strategy, each of which contains several popular algorithms. Third, we introduce the commonly used datasets and applications. Finally, we summarize existing literature and present some potential research topics for the future.      
### 53.Memory-Efficient Network for Large-scale Video Compressive Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03089.pdf)
>  Video snapshot compressive imaging (SCI) captures a sequence of video frames in a single shot using a 2D detector. The underlying principle is that during one exposure time, different masks are imposed on the high-speed scene to form a compressed measurement. With the knowledge of masks, optimization algorithms or deep learning methods are employed to reconstruct the desired high-speed video frames from this snapshot measurement. Unfortunately, though these methods can achieve decent results, the long running time of optimization algorithms or huge training memory occupation of deep networks still preclude them in practical applications. In this paper, we develop a memory-efficient network for large-scale video SCI based on multi-group reversible 3D convolutional neural networks. In addition to the basic model for the grayscale SCI system, we take one step further to combine demosaicing and SCI reconstruction to directly recover color video from Bayer measurements. Extensive results on both simulation and real data captured by SCI cameras demonstrate that our proposed model outperforms previous state-of-the-art with less memory and thus can be used in large-scale problems. The code is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BoChenGroup/RevSCI-net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 54.A Multi-Modal Respiratory Disease Exacerbation Prediction Technique Based on a Spatio-Temporal Machine Learning Architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03086.pdf)
>  Chronic respiratory diseases, such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and asthma, are a serious health crisis, affecting a large number of people globally and inflicting major costs on the economy. Current methods for assessing the progression of respiratory symptoms are either subjective and inaccurate, or complex and cumbersome, and do not incorporate environmental factors. Lacking predictive assessments and early intervention, unexpected exacerbations can lead to hospitalizations and high medical costs. This work presents a multi-modal solution for predicting the exacerbation risks of respiratory diseases, such as COPD, based on a novel spatio-temporal machine learning architecture for real-time and accurate respiratory events detection, and tracking of local environmental and meteorological data and trends. The proposed new machine learning architecture blends key attributes of both convolutional and recurrent neural networks, allowing extraction of both spatial and temporal features encoded in respiratory sounds, thereby leading to accurate classification and tracking of symptoms. Combined with the data from environmental and meteorological sensors, and a predictive model based on retrospective medical studies, this solution can assess and provide early warnings of respiratory disease exacerbations. This research will improve the quality of patients' lives through early medical intervention, thereby reducing hospitalization rates and medical costs.      
### 55.Defending Medical Image Diagnostics against Privacy Attacks using Generative Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03078.pdf)
>  Machine learning (ML) models used in medical imaging diagnostics can be vulnerable to a variety of privacy attacks, including membership inference attacks, that lead to violations of regulations governing the use of medical data and threaten to compromise their effective deployment in the clinic. In contrast to most recent work in privacy-aware ML that has been focused on model alteration and post-processing steps, we propose here a novel and complementary scheme that enhances the security of medical data by controlling the data sharing process. We develop and evaluate a privacy defense protocol based on using a generative adversarial network (GAN) that allows a medical data sourcer (e.g. a hospital) to provide an external agent (a modeler) a proxy dataset synthesized from the original images, so that the resulting diagnostic systems made available to model consumers is rendered resilient to privacy attackers. We validate the proposed method on retinal diagnostics AI used for diabetic retinopathy that bears the risk of possibly leaking private information. To incorporate concerns of both privacy advocates and modelers, we introduce a metric to evaluate privacy and utility performance in combination, and demonstrate, using these novel and classical metrics, that our approach, by itself or in conjunction with other defenses, provides state of the art (SOTA) performance for defending against privacy attacks.      
### 56.Model-based image adjustment for a successful pansharpening  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03062.pdf)
>  A new model-based image adjustment for the enhancement of multi-resolution image fusion or pansharpening is proposed. Such image adjustment is needed for most pansharpening methods using panchromatic band and/or intensity image (calculated as a weighted sum of multispectral bands) as an input. Due various reasons, e.g. calibration inaccuracies, usage of different sensors, input images for pansharpening: low resolution multispectral image or more precisely the calculated intensity image and high resolution panchromatic image may differ in values of their physical properties, e.g. radiances or reflectances depending on the processing level. But the same objects/classes in both images should exhibit similar values or more generally similar statistics. Similarity definition will depend on a particular application. For a successful fusion of data from two sensors the energy balance between radiances/reflectances of both sensors should hold. A virtual band is introduced to compensate for total energy disbalance in different sensors. Its estimation consists of several steps: first, weights for individual spectral bands are estimated in a low resolution scale, where both multispectral and panchromatic images (low pass filtered version) are available, then, the estimated virtual band is up-sampled to a high scale and, finally, high resolution panchromatic band is corrected by subtracting virtual band. This corrected panchromatic band is used instead of original panchromatic image in the following pansharpening. It is shown, for example, that the performance quality of component substitution based methods can be increased significantly.      
### 57.Self-supervised deep convolutional neural network for chest X-ray classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03055.pdf)
>  Chest radiography is a relatively cheap, widely available medical procedure that conveys key information for making diagnostic decisions. Chest X-rays are almost always used in the diagnosis of respiratory diseases such as pneumonia or the recent COVID-19. In this paper, we propose a self-supervised deep neural network that is pretrained on an unlabeled chest X-ray dataset. The learned representations are transferred to downstream task - the classification of respiratory diseases. The results obtained on four public datasets show that our approach yields competitive results without requiring large amounts of labeled training data.      
### 58.Detecting Spurious Correlations with Sanity Tests for Artificial Intelligence Guided Radiology Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03048.pdf)
>  Artificial intelligence (AI) has been successful at solving numerous problems in machine perception. In radiology, AI systems are rapidly evolving and show progress in guiding treatment decisions, diagnosing, localizing disease on medical images, and improving radiologists' efficiency. A critical component to deploying AI in radiology is to gain confidence in a developed system's efficacy and safety. The current gold standard approach is to conduct an analytical validation of performance on a generalization dataset from one or more institutions, followed by a clinical validation study of the system's efficacy during deployment. Clinical validation studies are time-consuming, and best practices dictate limited re-use of analytical validation data, so it is ideal to know ahead of time if a system is likely to fail analytical or clinical validation. In this paper, we describe a series of sanity tests to identify when a system performs well on development data for the wrong reasons. We illustrate the sanity tests' value by designing a deep learning system to classify pancreatic cancer seen in computed tomography scans.      
### 59.PointGuard: Provably Robust 3D Point Cloud Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03046.pdf)
>  3D point cloud classification has many safety-critical applications such as autonomous driving and robotic grasping. However, several studies showed that it is vulnerable to adversarial attacks. In particular, an attacker can make a classifier predict an incorrect label for a 3D point cloud via carefully modifying, adding, and/or deleting a small number of its points. Randomized smoothing is state-of-the-art technique to build certifiably robust 2D image classifiers. However, when applied to 3D point cloud classification, randomized smoothing can only certify robustness against adversarially {modified} points. <br>In this work, we propose PointGuard, the first defense that has provable robustness guarantees against adversarially modified, added, and/or deleted points. Specifically, given a 3D point cloud and an arbitrary point cloud classifier, our PointGuard first creates multiple subsampled point clouds, each of which contains a random subset of the points in the original point cloud; then our PointGuard predicts the label of the original point cloud as the majority vote among the labels of the subsampled point clouds predicted by the point cloud classifier. Our first major theoretical contribution is that we show PointGuard provably predicts the same label for a 3D point cloud when the number of adversarially modified, added, and/or deleted points is bounded. Our second major theoretical contribution is that we prove the tightness of our derived bound when no assumptions on the point cloud classifier are made. Moreover, we design an efficient algorithm to compute our certified robustness guarantees. We also empirically evaluate PointGuard on ModelNet40 and ScanNet benchmark datasets.      
### 60.Lost in Pruning: The Effects of Pruning Neural Networks beyond Test Accuracy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03014.pdf)
>  Neural network pruning is a popular technique used to reduce the inference costs of modern, potentially overparameterized, networks. Starting from a pre-trained network, the process is as follows: remove redundant parameters, retrain, and repeat while maintaining the same test accuracy. The result is a model that is a fraction of the size of the original with comparable predictive performance (test accuracy). Here, we reassess and evaluate whether the use of test accuracy alone in the terminating condition is sufficient to ensure that the resulting model performs well across a wide spectrum of "harder" metrics such as generalization to out-of-distribution data and resilience to noise. Across evaluations on varying architectures and data sets, we find that pruned networks effectively approximate the unpruned model, however, the prune ratio at which pruned networks achieve commensurate performance varies significantly across tasks. These results call into question the extent of \emph{genuine} overparameterization in deep learning and raise concerns about the practicability of deploying pruned networks, specifically in the context of safety-critical systems, unless they are widely evaluated beyond test accuracy to reliably predict their performance. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lucaslie/torchprune" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 61.Perceptual Image Restoration with High-Quality Priori and Degradation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03010.pdf)
>  Perceptual image restoration seeks for high-fidelity images that most likely degrade to given images. For better visual quality, previous work proposed to search for solutions within the natural image manifold, by exploiting the latent space of a generative model. However, the quality of generated images are only guaranteed when latent embedding lies close to the prior distribution. In this work, we propose to restrict the feasible region within the prior manifold. This is accomplished with a non-parametric metric for two distributions: the Maximum Mean Discrepancy (MMD). Moreover, we model the degradation process directly as a conditional distribution. We show that our model performs well in measuring the similarity between restored and degraded images. Instead of optimizing the long criticized pixel-wise distance over degraded images, we rely on such model to find visual pleasing images with high probability. Our simultaneous restoration and enhancement framework generalizes well to real-world complicated degradation types. The experimental results on perceptual quality and no-reference image quality assessment (NR-IQA) demonstrate the superior performance of our method.      
### 62.Analysing Wideband Absorbance Immittance in Normal and Ears with Otitis Media with Effusion Using Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02982.pdf)
>  Wideband Absorbance Immittance (WAI) has been available for more than a decade, however its clinical use still faces the challenges of limited understanding and poor interpretation of WAI results. This study aimed to develop Machine Learning (ML) tools to identify the WAI absorbance characteristics across different frequency-pressure regions in the normal middle ear and ears with otitis media with effusion (OME) to enable diagnosis of middle ear conditions automatically. Data analysis including pre-processing of the WAI data, statistical analysis and classification model development, together with key regions extraction from the 2D frequency-pressure WAI images are conducted in this study. Our experimental results show that ML tools appear to hold great potential for the automated diagnosis of middle ear diseases from WAI data. The identified key regions in the WAI provide guidance to practitioners to better understand and interpret WAI data and offer the prospect of quick and accurate diagnostic decisions.      
### 63.Automated Detection of Coronary Artery Stenosis in X-ray Angiography using Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02969.pdf)
>  Coronary artery disease leading up to stenosis, the partial or total blocking of coronary arteries, is a severe condition that affects millions of patients each year. Automated identification and classification of stenosis severity from minimally invasive procedures would be of great clinical value, but existing methods do not match the accuracy of experienced cardiologists, due to the complexity of the task. Although a number of computational approaches for quantitative assessment of stenosis have been proposed to date, the performance of these methods is still far from the required levels for clinical applications. In this paper, we propose a two-step deep-learning framework to partially automate the detection of stenosis from X-ray coronary angiography images. In the two steps, we used two distinct convolutional neural network architectures, one to automatically identify and classify the angle of view, and another to determine the bounding boxes of the regions of interest in frames where stenosis is visible. Transfer learning and data augmentation techniques were used to boost the performance of the system in both tasks. We achieved a 0.97 accuracy on the task of classifying the Left/Right Coronary Artery (LCA/RCA) angle view and 0.68/0.73 recall on the determination of the regions of interest, for LCA and RCA, respectively. These results compare favorably with previous results obtained using related approaches, and open the way to a fully automated method for the identification of stenosis severity from X-ray angiographies.      
### 64.Probabilistic combination of eigenlungs-based classifiers for COVID-19 diagnosis in chest CT images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02961.pdf)
>  The outbreak of the COVID-19 (Coronavirus disease 2019) pandemic has changed the world. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), there have been more than 100 million confirmed cases of COVID-19, including more than 2.4 million deaths. It is extremely important the early detection of the disease, and the use of medical imaging such as chest X-ray (CXR) and chest Computed Tomography (CCT) have proved to be an excellent solution. However, this process requires clinicians to do it within a manual and time-consuming task, which is not ideal when trying to speed up the diagnosis. In this work, we propose an ensemble classifier based on probabilistic Support Vector Machine (SVM) in order to identify pneumonia patterns while providing information about the reliability of the classification. Specifically, each CCT scan is divided into cubic patches and features contained in each one of them are extracted by applying kernel PCA. The use of base classifiers within an ensemble allows our system to identify the pneumonia patterns regardless of their size or location. Decisions of each individual patch are then combined into a global one according to the reliability of each individual classification: the lower the uncertainty, the higher the contribution. Performance is evaluated in a real scenario, yielding an accuracy of 97.86%. The large performance obtained and the simplicity of the system (use of deep learning in CCT images would result in a huge computational cost) evidence the applicability of our proposal in a real-world environment.      
### 65.Improving Computational Efficiency in Visual Reinforcement Learning via Stored Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02886.pdf)
>  Recent advances in off-policy deep reinforcement learning (RL) have led to impressive success in complex tasks from visual observations. Experience replay improves sample-efficiency by reusing experiences from the past, and convolutional neural networks (CNNs) process high-dimensional inputs effectively. However, such techniques demand high memory and computational bandwidth. In this paper, we present Stored Embeddings for Efficient Reinforcement Learning (SEER), a simple modification of existing off-policy RL methods, to address these computational and memory requirements. To reduce the computational overhead of gradient updates in CNNs, we freeze the lower layers of CNN encoders early in training due to early convergence of their parameters. Additionally, we reduce memory requirements by storing the low-dimensional latent vectors for experience replay instead of high-dimensional images, enabling an adaptive increase in the replay buffer capacity, a useful technique in constrained-memory settings. In our experiments, we show that SEER does not degrade the performance of RL agents while significantly saving computation and memory across a diverse set of DeepMind Control environments and Atari games. Finally, we show that SEER is useful for computation-efficient transfer learning in RL because lower layers of CNNs extract generalizable features, which can be used for different tasks and domains.      
### 66.A Cross Channel Context Model for Latents in Deep Image Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02884.pdf)
>  This paper presents a cross channel context model for latents in deep image compression. Generally, deep image compression is based on an autoencoder framework, which transforms the original image to latents at the encoder and recovers the reconstructed image from the quantized latents at the decoder. The transform is usually combined with an entropy model, which estimates the probability distribution of the quantized latents for arithmetic coding. Currently, joint autoregressive and hierarchical prior entropy models are widely adopted to capture both the global contexts from the hyper latents and the local contexts from the quantized latent elements. For the local contexts, the widely adopted 2D mask convolution can only capture the spatial context. However, we observe that there are strong correlations between different channels in the latents. To utilize the cross channel correlations, we propose to divide the latents into several groups according to channel index and code the groups one by one, where previously coded groups are utilized to provide cross channel context for the current group. The proposed cross channel context model is combined with the joint autoregressive and hierarchical prior entropy model. Experimental results show that, using PSNR as the distortion metric, the combined model achieves BD-rate reductions of 6.30% and 6.31% over the baseline entropy model, and 2.50% and 2.20% over the latest video coding standard Versatile Video Coding (VVC) for the Kodak and CVPR CLIC2020 professional dataset, respectively. In addition, when optimized for the MS-SSIM metric, our approach generates visually more pleasant reconstructed images.      
### 67.Robustness Evaluation of Stacked Generative Adversarial Networks using Metamorphic Testing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02870.pdf)
>  Synthesising photo-realistic images from natural language is one of the challenging problems in computer vision. Over the past decade, a number of approaches have been proposed, of which the improved Stacked Generative Adversarial Network (StackGAN-v2) has proven capable of generating high resolution images that reflect the details specified in the input text descriptions. In this paper, we aim to assess the robustness and fault-tolerance capability of the StackGAN-v2 model by introducing variations in the training data. However, due to the working principle of Generative Adversarial Network (GAN), it is difficult to predict the output of the model when the training data are modified. Hence, in this work, we adopt Metamorphic Testing technique to evaluate the robustness of the model with a variety of unexpected training dataset. As such, we first implement StackGAN-v2 algorithm and test the pre-trained model provided by the original authors to establish a ground truth for our experiments. We then identify a metamorphic relation, from which test cases are generated. Further, metamorphic relations were derived successively based on the observations of prior test results. Finally, we synthesise the results from our experiment of all the metamorphic relations and found that StackGAN-v2 algorithm is susceptible to input images with obtrusive objects, even if it overlaps with the main object minimally, which was not reported by the authors and users of StackGAN-v2 model. The proposed metamorphic relations can be applied to other text-to-image synthesis models to not only verify the robustness but also to help researchers understand and interpret the results made by the machine learning models.      
### 68.Learning With Context Feedback Loop for Robust Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02844.pdf)
>  Deep learning has successfully been leveraged for medical image segmentation. It employs convolutional neural networks (CNN) to learn distinctive image features from a defined pixel-wise objective function. However, this approach can lead to less output pixel interdependence producing incomplete and unrealistic segmentation results. In this paper, we present a fully automatic deep learning method for robust medical image segmentation by formulating the segmentation problem as a recurrent framework using two systems. The first one is a forward system of an encoder-decoder CNN that predicts the segmentation result from the input image. The predicted probabilistic output of the forward system is then encoded by a fully convolutional network (FCN)-based context feedback system. The encoded feature space of the FCN is then integrated back into the forward system's feed-forward learning process. Using the FCN-based context feedback loop allows the forward system to learn and extract more high-level image features and fix previous mistakes, thereby improving prediction accuracy over time. Experimental results, performed on four different clinical datasets, demonstrate our method's potential application for single and multi-structure medical image segmentation by outperforming the state of the art methods. With the feedback loop, deep learning methods can now produce results that are both anatomically plausible and robust to low contrast images. Therefore, formulating image segmentation as a recurrent framework of two interconnected networks via context feedback loop can be a potential method for robust and efficient medical image analysis.      
### 69.PET Image Reconstruction with Multiple Kernels and Multiple Kernel Space Regularizers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02813.pdf)
>  Kernelized maximum-likelihood (ML) expectation maximization (EM) methods have recently gained prominence in PET image reconstruction, outperforming many previous state-of-the-art methods. But they are not immune to the problems of non-kernelized MLEM methods in potentially large reconstruction error and high sensitivity to iteration number. This paper demonstrates these problems by theoretical reasoning and experiment results, and provides a novel solution to solve these problems. The solution is a regularized kernelized MLEM with multiple kernel matrices and multiple kernel space regularizers that can be tailored for different applications. To reduce the reconstruction error and the sensitivity to iteration number, we present a general class of multi-kernel matrices and two regularizers consisting of kernel image dictionary and kernel image Laplacian quatradic, and use them to derive the single-kernel regularized EM and multi-kernel regularized EM algorithms for PET image reconstruction. These new algorithms are derived using the technical tools of multi-kernel combination in machine learning, image dictionary learning in sparse coding, and graph Laplcian quadratic in graph signal processing. Extensive tests and comparisons on the simulated and in vivo data are presented to validate and evaluate the new algorithms, and demonstrate their superior performance and advantages over the kernelized MLEM and other conventional methods.      
### 70.Contrast Adaptive Tissue Classification by Alternating Segmentation and Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02767.pdf)
>  Deep learning approaches to the segmentation of magnetic resonance images have shown significant promise in automating the quantitative analysis of brain images. However, a continuing challenge has been its sensitivity to the variability of acquisition protocols. Attempting to segment images that have different contrast properties from those within the training data generally leads to significantly reduced performance. Furthermore, heterogeneous data sets cannot be easily evaluated because the quantitative variation due to acquisition differences often dwarfs the variation due to the biological differences that one seeks to measure. In this work, we describe an approach using alternating segmentation and synthesis steps that adapts the contrast properties of the training data to the input image. This allows input images that do not resemble the training data to be more consistently segmented. A notable advantage of this approach is that only a single example of the acquisition protocol is required to adapt to its contrast properties. We demonstrate the efficacy of our approaching using brain images from a set of human subjects scanned with two different T1-weighted volumetric protocols.      
### 71.Worsening Perception: Real-time Degradation of Autonomous Vehicle Perception Performance for Simulation of Adverse Weather Conditions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02760.pdf)
>  Autonomous vehicles rely heavily upon their perception subsystems to see the environment in which they operate. Unfortunately, the effect of varying weather conditions presents a significant challenge to object detection algorithms, and thus it is imperative to test the vehicle extensively in all conditions which it may experience. However, unpredictable weather can make real-world testing in adverse conditions an expensive and time consuming task requiring access to specialist facilities, and weatherproofing of sensitive electronics. Simulation provides an alternative to real world testing, with some studies developing increasingly visually realistic representations of the real world on powerful compute hardware. Given that subsequent subsystems in the autonomous vehicle pipeline are unaware of the visual realism of the simulation, when developing modules downstream of perception the appearance is of little consequence - rather it is how the perception system performs in the prevailing weather condition that is important. This study explores the potential of using a simple, lightweight image augmentation system in an autonomous racing vehicle - focusing not on visual accuracy, but rather the effect upon perception system performance. With minimal adjustment, the prototype system developed in this study can replicate the effects of both water droplets on the camera lens, and fading light conditions. The system introduces a latency of less than 8 ms using compute hardware that is well suited to being carried in the vehicle - rendering it ideally suited to real-time implementation that can be run during experiments in simulation, and augmented reality testing in the real world.      
### 72.On the Importance of Sampling in Learning Graph Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02696.pdf)
>  Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) have achieved impressive empirical advancement across a wide variety of graph-related applications. Despite their great success, training GCNs on large graphs suffers from computational and memory issues. A potential path to circumvent these obstacles is sampling-based methods, where at each layer a subset of nodes is sampled. Although recent studies have empirically demonstrated the effectiveness of sampling-based methods, these works lack theoretical convergence guarantees under realistic settings and cannot fully leverage the information of evolving parameters during optimization. In this paper, we describe and analyze a general \textbf{\textit{doubly variance reduction}} schema that can accelerate any sampling method under the memory budget. The motivating impetus for the proposed schema is a careful analysis for the variance of sampling methods where it is shown that the induced variance can be decomposed into node embedding approximation variance (\emph{zeroth-order variance}) during forward propagation and layerwise-gradient variance (\emph{first-order variance}) during backward propagation. We theoretically analyze the convergence of the proposed schema and show that it enjoys an $\mathcal{O}(1/T)$ convergence rate. We complement our theoretical results by integrating the proposed schema in different sampling methods and applying them to different large real-world graphs. Code is public available at~\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/CongWeilin/SGCN.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
