# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 10 Mar 2021
### 1.ForgeryNet: A Versatile Benchmark for Comprehensive Forgery Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05630.pdf)
>  The rapid progress of photorealistic synthesis techniques has reached at a critical point where the boundary between real and manipulated images starts to blur. Thus, benchmarking and advancing digital forgery analysis have become a pressing issue. However, existing face forgery datasets either have limited diversity or only support coarse-grained analysis. To counter this emerging threat, we construct the ForgeryNet dataset, an extremely large face forgery dataset with unified annotations in image- and video-level data across four tasks: 1) Image Forgery Classification, including two-way (real / fake), three-way (real / fake with identity-replaced forgery approaches / fake with identity-remained forgery approaches), and n-way (real and 15 respective forgery approaches) classification. 2) Spatial Forgery Localization, which segments the manipulated area of fake images compared to their corresponding source real images. 3) Video Forgery Classification, which re-defines the video-level forgery classification with manipulated frames in random positions. This task is important because attackers in real world are free to manipulate any target frame. and 4) Temporal Forgery Localization, to localize the temporal segments which are manipulated. ForgeryNet is by far the largest publicly available deep face forgery dataset in terms of data-scale (2.9 million images, 221,247 videos), manipulations (7 image-level approaches, 8 video-level approaches), perturbations (36 independent and more mixed perturbations) and annotations (6.3 million classification labels, 2.9 million manipulated area annotations and 221,247 temporal forgery segment labels). We perform extensive benchmarking and studies of existing face forensics methods and obtain several valuable observations.      
### 2.Point-supervised Segmentation of Microscopy Images and Volumes via Objectness Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05617.pdf)
>  Annotation is a major hurdle in the semantic segmentation of microscopy images and volumes due to its prerequisite expertise and effort. This work enables the training of semantic segmentation networks on images with only a single point for training per instance, an extreme case of weak supervision which drastically reduces the burden of annotation. Our approach has two key aspects: (1) we construct a graph-theoretic soft-segmentation using individual seeds to be used within a regularizer during training and (2) we use an objective function that enables learning from the constructed soft-labels. We achieve competitive results against the state-of-the-art in point-supervised semantic segmentation on challenging datasets in digital pathology. Finally, we scale our methodology to point-supervised segmentation in 3D fluorescence microscopy volumes, obviating the need for arduous manual volumetric delineation. Our code is freely available.      
### 3.NeX: Real-time View Synthesis with Neural Basis Expansion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05606.pdf)
>  We present NeX, a new approach to novel view synthesis based on enhancements of multiplane image (MPI) that can reproduce next-level view-dependent effects -- in real time. Unlike traditional MPI that uses a set of simple RGB$\alpha$ planes, our technique models view-dependent effects by instead parameterizing each pixel as a linear combination of basis functions learned from a neural network. Moreover, we propose a hybrid implicit-explicit modeling strategy that improves upon fine detail and produces state-of-the-art results. Our method is evaluated on benchmark forward-facing datasets as well as our newly-introduced dataset designed to test the limit of view-dependent modeling with significantly more challenging effects such as rainbow reflections on a CD. Our method achieves the best overall scores across all major metrics on these datasets with more than 1000$\times$ faster rendering time than the state of the art. For real-time demos, visit <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://nex-mpi.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 4.unzipFPGA: Enhancing FPGA-based CNN Engines with On-the-Fly Weights Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05600.pdf)
>  Single computation engines have become a popular design choice for FPGA-based convolutional neural networks (CNNs) enabling the deployment of diverse models without fabric reconfiguration. This flexibility, however, often comes with significantly reduced performance on memory-bound layers and resource underutilisation due to suboptimal mapping of certain layers on the engine's fixed configuration. In this work, we investigate the implications in terms of CNN engine design for a class of models that introduce a pre-convolution stage to decompress the weights at run time. We refer to these approaches as on-the-fly. To minimise the negative impact of limited bandwidth on memory-bound layers, we present a novel hardware component that enables the on-chip on-the-fly generation of weights. We further introduce an input selective processing element (PE) design that balances the load between PEs on suboptimally mapped layers. Finally, we present unzipFPGA, a framework to train on-the-fly models and traverse the design space to select the highest performing CNN engine configuration. Quantitative evaluation shows that unzipFPGA yields an average speedup of 2.14x and 71% over optimised status-quo and pruned CNN engines under constrained bandwidth and up to 3.69x higher performance density over the state-of-the-art FPGA-based CNN accelerators.      
### 5.SimTriplet: Simple Triplet Representation Learning with a Single GPU  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05585.pdf)
>  Contrastive learning is a key technique of modern self-supervised learning. The broader accessibility of earlier approaches is hindered by the need of heavy computational resources (e.g., at least 8 GPUs or 32 TPU cores), which accommodate for large-scale negative samples or momentum. The more recent SimSiam approach addresses such key limitations via stop-gradient without momentum encoders. In medical image analysis, multiple instances can be achieved from the same patient or tissue. Inspired by these advances, we propose a simple triplet representation learning (SimTriplet) approach on pathological images. The contribution of the paper is three-fold: (1) The proposed SimTriplet method takes advantage of the multi-view nature of medical images beyond self-augmentation; (2) The method maximizes both intra-sample and inter-sample similarities via triplets from positive pairs, without using negative samples; and (3) The recent mix precision training is employed to advance the training by only using a single GPU with 16GB memory. By learning from 79,000 unlabeled pathological patch images, SimTriplet achieved 10.58% better performance compared with supervised learning. It also achieved 2.13% better performance compared with SimSiam. Our proposed SimTriplet can achieve decent performance using only 1% labeled data. The code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hrlblab/SimTriple" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 6.FAIR1M: A Benchmark Dataset for Fine-grained Object Recognition in High-Resolution Remote Sensing Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05569.pdf)
>  With the rapid development of deep learning, many deep learning based approaches have made great achievements in object detection task. It is generally known that deep learning is a data-driven method. Data directly impact the performance of object detectors to some extent. Although existing datasets have included common objects in remote sensing images, they still have some limitations in terms of scale, categories, and images. Therefore, there is a strong requirement for establishing a large-scale benchmark on object detection in high-resolution remote sensing images. In this paper, we propose a novel benchmark dataset with more than 1 million instances and more than 15,000 images for Fine-grAined object recognItion in high-Resolution remote sensing imagery which is named as FAIR1M. All objects in the FAIR1M dataset are annotated with respect to 5 categories and 37 sub-categories by oriented bounding boxes. Compared with existing detection datasets dedicated to object detection, the FAIR1M dataset has 4 particular characteristics: (1) it is much larger than other existing object detection datasets both in terms of the quantity of instances and the quantity of images, (2) it provides more rich fine-grained category information for objects in remote sensing images, (3) it contains geographic information such as latitude, longitude and resolution, (4) it provides better image quality owing to a careful data cleaning procedure. To establish a baseline for fine-grained object recognition, we propose a novel evaluation method and benchmark fine-grained object detection tasks and a visual classification task using several State-Of-The-Art (SOTA) deep learning based models on our FAIR1M dataset. Experimental results strongly indicate that the FAIR1M dataset is closer to practical application and it is considerably more challenging than existing datasets.      
### 7.Select, Substitute, Search: A New Benchmark for Knowledge-Augmented Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05568.pdf)
>  Multimodal IR, spanning text corpus, knowledge graph and images, called outside knowledge visual question answering (OKVQA), is of much recent interest. However, the popular data set has serious limitations. A surprisingly large fraction of queries do not assess the ability to integrate cross-modal information. Instead, some are independent of the image, some depend on speculation, some require OCR or are otherwise answerable from the image alone. To add to the above limitations, frequency-based guessing is very effective because of (unintended) widespread answer overlaps between the train and test folds. Overall, it is hard to determine when state-of-the-art systems exploit these weaknesses rather than really infer the answers, because they are opaque and their 'reasoning' process is uninterpretable. An equally important limitation is that the dataset is designed for the quantitative assessment only of the end-to-end answer retrieval task, with no provision for assessing the correct(semantic) interpretation of the input query. In response, we identify a key structural idiom in OKVQA ,viz., S3 (select, substitute and search), and build a new data set and challenge around it. Specifically, the questioner identifies an entity in the image and asks a question involving that entity which can be answered only by consulting a knowledge graph or corpus passage mentioning the entity. Our challenge consists of (i)OKVQAS3, a subset of OKVQA annotated based on the structural idiom and (ii)S3VQA, a new dataset built from scratch. We also present a neural but structurally transparent OKVQA system, S3, that explicitly addresses our challenge dataset, and outperforms recent competitive baselines.      
### 8.Exploiting Edge-Oriented Reasoning for 3D Point-based Scene Graph Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05558.pdf)
>  Scene understanding is a critical problem in computer vision. In this paper, we propose a 3D point-based scene graph generation ($\mathbf{SGG_{point}}$) framework to effectively bridge perception and reasoning to achieve scene understanding via three sequential stages, namely scene graph construction, reasoning, and inference. Within the reasoning stage, an EDGE-oriented Graph Convolutional Network ($\texttt{EdgeGCN}$) is created to exploit multi-dimensional edge features for explicit relationship modeling, together with the exploration of two associated twinning interaction mechanisms between nodes and edges for the independent evolution of scene graph representations. Overall, our integrated $\mathbf{SGG_{point}}$ framework is established to seek and infer scene structures of interest from both real-world and synthetic 3D point-based scenes. Our experimental results show promising edge-oriented reasoning effects on scene graph generation studies. We also demonstrate our method advantage on several traditional graph representation learning benchmark datasets, including the node-wise classification on citation networks and whole-graph recognition problems for molecular analysis.      
### 9.TS-Net: OCR Trained to Switch Between Text Transcription Styles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05489.pdf)
>  Users of OCR systems, from different institutions and scientific disciplines, prefer and produce different transcription styles. This presents a problem for training of consistent text recognition neural networks on real-world data. We propose to extend existing text recognition networks with a Transcription Style Block (TSB) which can learn from data to switch between multiple transcription styles without any explicit knowledge of transcription rules. TSB is an adaptive instance normalization conditioned by identifiers representing consistently transcribed documents (e.g. single document, documents by a single transcriber, or an institution). We show that TSB is able to learn completely different transcription styles in controlled experiments on artificial data, it improves text recognition accuracy on large-scale real-world data, and it learns semantically meaningful transcription style embedding. We also show how TSB can efficiently adapt to transcription styles of new documents from transcriptions of only a few text lines.      
### 10.Doubly Contrastive Deep Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05484.pdf)
>  Deep clustering successfully provides more effective features than conventional ones and thus becomes an important technique in current unsupervised learning. However, most deep clustering methods ignore the vital positive and negative pairs introduced by data augmentation and further the significance of contrastive learning, which leads to suboptimal performance. In this paper, we present a novel Doubly Contrastive Deep Clustering (DCDC) framework, which constructs contrastive loss over both sample and class views to obtain more discriminative features and competitive results. Specifically, for the sample view, we set the class distribution of the original sample and its augmented version as positive sample pairs and set one of the other augmented samples as negative sample pairs. After that, we can adopt the sample-wise contrastive loss to pull positive sample pairs together and push negative sample pairs apart. Similarly, for the class view, we build the positive and negative pairs from the sample distribution of the class. In this way, two contrastive losses successfully constrain the clustering results of mini-batch samples in both sample and class level. Extensive experimental results on six benchmark datasets demonstrate the superiority of our proposed model against state-of-the-art methods. Particularly in the challenging dataset Tiny-ImageNet, our method leads 5.6\% against the latest comparison method. Our code will be available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZhiyuanDang/DCDC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 11.Differentially Private Imaging via Latent Space Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05472.pdf)
>  There is growing concern about image privacy due to the popularity of social media and photo devices, along with increasing use of face recognition systems. However, established image de-identification techniques are either too subject to re-identification, produce photos that are insufficiently realistic, or both. To tackle this, we present a novel approach for image obfuscation by manipulating latent spaces of an unconditionally trained generative model that is able to synthesize photo-realistic facial images of high resolution. This manipulation is done in a way that satisfies the formal privacy standard of local differential privacy. To our knowledge, this is the first approach to image privacy that satisfies $\varepsilon$-differential privacy \emph{for the person.}      
### 12.Contrastive Neural Architecture Search with Neural Architecture Comparators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05471.pdf)
>  One of the key steps in Neural Architecture Search (NAS) is to estimate the performance of candidate architectures. Existing methods either directly use the validation performance or learn a predictor to estimate the performance. However, these methods can be either computationally expensive or very inaccurate, which may severely affect the search efficiency and performance. Moreover, as it is very difficult to annotate architectures with accurate performance on specific tasks, learning a promising performance predictor is often non-trivial due to the lack of labeled data. In this paper, we argue that it may not be necessary to estimate the absolute performance for NAS. On the contrary, we may need only to understand whether an architecture is better than a baseline one. However, how to exploit this comparison information as the reward and how to well use the limited labeled data remains two great challenges. In this paper, we propose a novel Contrastive Neural Architecture Search (CTNAS) method which performs architecture search by taking the comparison results between architectures as the reward. Specifically, we design and learn a Neural Architecture Comparator (NAC) to compute the probability of candidate architectures being better than a baseline one. Moreover, we present a baseline updating scheme to improve the baseline iteratively in a curriculum learning manner. More critically, we theoretically show that learning NAC is equivalent to optimizing the ranking over architectures. Extensive experiments in three search spaces demonstrate the superiority of our CTNAS over existing methods.      
### 13.Optimized Object Tracking Technique Using Kalman Filter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05467.pdf)
>  This paper focused on the design of an optimized object tracking technique which would minimize the processing time required in the object detection process while maintaining accuracy in detecting the desired moving object in a cluttered scene. A Kalman filter based cropped image is used for the image detection process as the processing time is significantly less to detect the object when a search window is used that is smaller than the entire video frame. This technique was tested with various sizes of the window in the cropping process. MATLAB was used to design and test the proposed method. This paper found that using a cropped image with 2.16 multiplied by the largest dimension of the object resulted in significantly faster processing time while still providing a high success rate of detection and a detected center of the object that was reasonably close to the actual center.      
### 14.PointDSC: Robust Point Cloud Registration using Deep Spatial Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05465.pdf)
>  Removing outlier correspondences is one of the critical steps for successful feature-based point cloud registration. Despite the increasing popularity of introducing deep learning methods in this field, spatial consistency, which is essentially established by a Euclidean transformation between point clouds, has received almost no individual attention in existing learning frameworks. In this paper, we present PointDSC, a novel deep neural network that explicitly incorporates spatial consistency for pruning outlier correspondences. First, we propose a nonlocal feature aggregation module, weighted by both feature and spatial coherence, for feature embedding of the input correspondences. Second, we formulate a differentiable spectral matching module, supervised by pairwise spatial compatibility, to estimate the inlier confidence of each correspondence from the embedded features. With modest computation cost, our method outperforms the state-of-the-art hand-crafted and learning-based outlier rejection approaches on several real-world datasets by a significant margin. We also show its wide applicability by combining PointDSC with different 3D local descriptors.      
### 15.Learning Class-Agnostic Pseudo Mask Generation for Box-Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05463.pdf)
>  Recently, several weakly supervised learning methods have been devoted to utilize bounding box supervision for training deep semantic segmentation models. Most existing methods usually leverage the generic proposal generators (\eg, dense CRF and MCG) to produce enhanced segmentation masks for further training segmentation models. These proposal generators, however, are generic and not specifically designed for box-supervised semantic segmentation, thereby leaving some leeway for improving segmentation performance. In this paper, we aim at seeking for a more accurate learning-based class-agnostic pseudo mask generator tailored to box-supervised semantic segmentation. To this end, we resort to a pixel-level annotated auxiliary dataset where the class labels are non-overlapped with those of the box-annotated dataset. For learning pseudo mask generator from the auxiliary dataset, we present a bi-level optimization formulation. In particular, the lower subproblem is used to learn box-supervised semantic segmentation, while the upper subproblem is used to learn an optimal class-agnostic pseudo mask generator. The learned pseudo segmentation mask generator can then be deployed to the box-annotated dataset for improving weakly supervised semantic segmentation. Experiments on PASCAL VOC 2012 dataset show that the learned pseudo mask generator is effective in boosting segmentation performance, and our method can further close the performance gap between box-supervised and fully-supervised models. Our code will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Vious/LPG_BBox_Segmentation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 16.Pixel-wise Anomaly Detection in Complex Driving Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05445.pdf)
>  The inability of state-of-the-art semantic segmentation methods to detect anomaly instances hinders them from being deployed in safety-critical and complex applications, such as autonomous driving. Recent approaches have focused on either leveraging segmentation uncertainty to identify anomalous areas or re-synthesizing the image from the semantic label map to find dissimilarities with the input image. In this work, we demonstrate that these two methodologies contain complementary information and can be combined to produce robust predictions for anomaly segmentation. We present a pixel-wise anomaly detection framework that uses uncertainty maps to improve over existing re-synthesis methods in finding dissimilarities between the input and generated images. Our approach works as a general framework around already trained segmentation networks, which ensures anomaly detection without compromising segmentation accuracy, while significantly outperforming all similar methods. Top-2 performance across a range of different anomaly datasets shows the robustness of our approach to handling different anomaly instances.      
### 17.The MICCAI Hackathon on reproducibility, diversity, and selection of papers at the MICCAI conference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05437.pdf)
>  The MICCAI conference has encountered tremendous growth over the last years in terms of the size of the community, as well as the number of contributions and their technical success. With this growth, however, come new challenges for the community. Methods are more difficult to reproduce and the ever-increasing number of paper submissions to the MICCAI conference poses new questions regarding the selection process and the diversity of topics. To exchange, discuss, and find novel and creative solutions to these challenges, a new format of a hackathon was initiated as a satellite event at the MICCAI 2020 conference: The MICCAI Hackathon. The first edition of the MICCAI Hackathon covered the topics reproducibility, diversity, and selection of MICCAI papers. In the manner of a small think-tank, participants collaborated to find solutions to these challenges. In this report, we summarize the insights from the MICCAI Hackathon into immediate and long-term measures to address these challenges. The proposed measures can be seen as starting points and guidelines for discussions and actions to possibly improve the MICCAI conference with regards to reproducibility, diversity, and selection of papers.      
### 18.Automatic Borescope Damage Assessments for Gas Turbine Blades via Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05430.pdf)
>  To maximise fuel economy, bladed components in aero-engines operate close to material limits. The severe operating environment leads to in-service damage on compressor and turbine blades, having a profound and immediate impact on the performance of the engine. Current methods of blade visual inspection are mainly based on borescope imaging. During these inspections, the sentencing of components under inspection requires significant manual effort, with a lack of systematic approaches to avoid human biases. To perform fast and accurate sentencing, we propose an automatic workflow based on deep learning for detecting damage present on rotor blades using borescope videos. Building upon state-of-the-art methods from computer vision, we show that damage statistics can be presented for each blade in a blade row separately, and demonstrate the workflow on two borescope videos.      
### 19.Deep Learning based 3D Segmentation: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05423.pdf)
>  3D object segmentation is a fundamental and challenging problem in computer vision with applications in autonomous driving, robotics, augmented reality and medical image analysis. It has received significant attention from the computer vision, graphics and machine learning communities. Traditionally, 3D segmentation was performed with hand-crafted features and engineered methods which failed to achieve acceptable accuracy and could not generalize to large-scale data. Driven by their great success in 2D computer vision, deep learning techniques have recently become the tool of choice for 3D segmentation tasks as well. This has led to an influx of a large number of methods in the literature that have been evaluated on different benchmark datasets. This paper provides a comprehensive survey of recent progress in deep learning based 3D segmentation covering over 150 papers. It summarizes the most commonly used pipelines, discusses their highlights and shortcomings, and analyzes the competitive results of these segmentation methods. Based on the analysis, it also provides promising research directions for the future.      
### 20.Weather GAN: Multi-Domain Weather Translation Using Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05422.pdf)
>  In this paper, a new task is proposed, namely, weather translation, which refers to transferring weather conditions of the image from one category to another. It is important for photographic style transfer. Although lots of approaches have been proposed in traditional image translation tasks, few of them can handle the multi-category weather translation task, since weather conditions have rich categories and highly complex semantic structures. To address this problem, we develop a multi-domain weather translation approach based on generative adversarial networks (GAN), denoted as Weather GAN, which can achieve the transferring of weather conditions among sunny, cloudy, foggy, rainy and snowy. Specifically, the weather conditions in the image are determined by various weather-cues, such as cloud, blue sky, wet ground, etc. Therefore, it is essential for weather translation to focus the main attention on weather-cues. To this end, the generator of Weather GAN is composed of an initial translation module, an attention module and a weather-cue segmentation module. The initial translation module performs global translation during generation procedure. The weather-cue segmentation module identifies the structure and exact distribution of weather-cues. The attention module learns to focus on the interesting areas of the image while keeping other areas unaltered. The final generated result is synthesized by these three parts. This approach suppresses the distortion and deformation caused by weather translation. our approach outperforms the state-of-the-arts has been shown by a large number of experiments and evaluations.      
### 21.QPIC: Query-Based Pairwise Human-Object Interaction Detection with Image-Wide Contextual Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05399.pdf)
>  We propose a simple, intuitive yet powerful method for human-object interaction (HOI) detection. HOIs are so diverse in spatial distribution in an image that existing CNN-based methods face the following three major drawbacks; they cannot leverage image-wide features due to CNN's locality, they rely on a manually defined location-of-interest for the feature aggregation, which sometimes does not cover contextually important regions, and they cannot help but mix up the features for multiple HOI instances if they are located closely. To overcome these drawbacks, we propose a transformer-based feature extractor, in which an attention mechanism and query-based detection play key roles. The attention mechanism is effective in aggregating contextually important information image-wide, while the queries, which we design in such a way that each query captures at most one human-object pair, can avoid mixing up the features from multiple instances. This transformer-based feature extractor produces so effective embeddings that the subsequent detection heads may be fairly simple and intuitive. The extensive analysis reveals that the proposed method successfully extracts contextually important features, and thus outperforms existing methods by large margins (5.37 mAP on HICO-DET, and 5.7 mAP on V-COCO). The source codes are available at $\href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hitachi-rd-cv/qpic" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{\text{this https URL}}$.      
### 22.Instance and Pair-Aware Dynamic Networks for Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05395.pdf)
>  Re-identification (ReID) is to identify the same instance across different cameras. Existing ReID methods mostly utilize alignment-based or attention-based strategies to generate effective feature representations. However, most of these methods only extract general feature by employing single input image itself, overlooking the exploration of relevance between comparing images. To fill this gap, we propose a novel end-to-end trainable dynamic convolution framework named Instance and Pair-Aware Dynamic Networks in this paper. The proposed model is composed of three main branches where a self-guided dynamic branch is constructed to strengthen instance-specific features, focusing on every single image. Furthermore, we also design a mutual-guided dynamic branch to generate pair-aware features for each pair of images to be compared. Extensive experiments are conducted in order to verify the effectiveness of our proposed algorithm. We evaluate our algorithm in several mainstream person and vehicle ReID datasets including CUHK03, DukeMTMCreID, Market-1501, VeRi776 and VehicleID. In some datasets our algorithm outperforms state-of-the-art methods and in others, our algorithm achieves a comparable performance.      
### 23.NaroNet: Objective-based learning of the tumor microenvironment from highly multiplexed immunostained images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05385.pdf)
>  We present NaroNet, a Machine Learning framework that integrates the multiscale spatial, in situ analysis of the tumor microenvironment (TME) with patient-level predictions into a seamless end-to-end learning pipeline. Trained only with patient-level labels, NaroNet quantifies the phenotypes, neighborhoods, and neighborhood interactions that have the highest influence on the predictive task. We validate NaroNet using synthetic data simulating multiplex-immunostained images with adjustable probabilistic incidence of different TMEs. Then we apply our model to two real sets of patient tumors, one consisting of 336 seven-color multiplex-immunostained images from 12 high-grade endometrial cancers, and the other consisting of 372 35-plex mass cytometry images from 283 breast cancer patients. In both synthetic and real datasets, NaroNet provides outstanding predictions while associating those predictions to the presence of specific TMEs. This inherent interpretability could be of great value both in a clinical setting and as a tool to discover novel biomarker signatures.      
### 24.Pluggable Weakly-Supervised Cross-View Learning for Accurate Vehicle Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05376.pdf)
>  Learning cross-view consistent feature representation is the key for accurate vehicle Re-identification (ReID), since the visual appearance of vehicles changes significantly under different viewpoints. To this end, most existing approaches resort to the supervised cross-view learning using extensive extra viewpoints annotations, which however, is difficult to deploy in real applications due to the expensive labelling cost and the continous viewpoint variation that makes it hard to define discrete viewpoint labels. In this study, we present a pluggable Weakly-supervised Cross-View Learning (WCVL) module for vehicle ReID. Through hallucinating the cross-view samples as the hardest positive counterparts in feature domain, we can learn the consistent feature representation via minimizing the cross-view feature distance based on vehicle IDs only without using any viewpoint annotation. More importantly, the proposed method can be seamlessly plugged into most existing vehicle ReID baselines for cross-view learning without re-training the baselines. To demonstrate its efficacy, we plug the proposed method into a bunch of off-the-shelf baselines and obtain significant performance improvement on four public benchmark datasets, i.e., VeRi-776, VehicleID, VRIC and VRAI.      
### 25.ChangeSim: Towards End-to-End Online Scene Change Detection in Industrial Indoor Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05368.pdf)
>  We present a challenging dataset, ChangeSim, aimed at online scene change detection (SCD) and more. The data is collected in photo-realistic simulation environments with the presence of environmental non-targeted variations, such as air turbidity and light condition changes, as well as targeted object changes in industrial indoor environments. By collecting data in simulations, multi-modal sensor data and precise ground truth labels are obtainable such as the RGB image, depth image, semantic segmentation, change segmentation, camera poses, and 3D reconstructions. While the previous online SCD datasets evaluate models given well-aligned image pairs, ChangeSim also provides raw unpaired sequences that present an opportunity to develop an online SCD model in an end-to-end manner, considering both pairing and detection. Experiments show that even the latest pair-based SCD models suffer from the bottleneck of the pairing process, and it gets worse when the environment contains the non-targeted variations. Our dataset is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://sammica.github.io/ChangeSim/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 26.MWQ: Multiscale Wavelet Quantized Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05363.pdf)
>  Model quantization can reduce the model size and computational latency, it has become an essential technique for the deployment of deep neural networks on resourceconstrained hardware (e.g., mobile phones and embedded devices). The existing quantization methods mainly consider the numerical elements of the weights and activation values, ignoring the relationship between elements. The decline of representation ability and information loss usually lead to the performance degradation. Inspired by the characteristics of images in the frequency domain, we propose a novel multiscale wavelet quantization (MWQ) method. This method decomposes original data into multiscale frequency components by wavelet transform, and then quantizes the components of different scales, respectively. It exploits the multiscale frequency and spatial information to alleviate the information loss caused by quantization in the spatial domain. Because of the flexibility of MWQ, we demonstrate three applications (e.g., model compression, quantized network optimization, and information enhancement) on the ImageNet and COCO datasets. Experimental results show that our method has stronger representation ability and can play an effective role in quantized neural networks.      
### 27.Understanding the Robustness of Skeleton-based Action Recognition under Adversarial Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05347.pdf)
>  Action recognition has been heavily employed in many applications such as autonomous vehicles, surveillance, etc, where its robustness is a primary concern. In this paper, we examine the robustness of state-of-the-art action recognizers against adversarial attack, which has been rarely investigated so far. To this end, we propose a new method to attack action recognizers that rely on 3D skeletal motion. Our method involves an innovative perceptual loss that ensures the imperceptibility of the attack. Empirical studies demonstrate that our method is effective in both white-box and black-box scenarios. Its generalizability is evidenced on a variety of action recognizers and datasets. Its versatility is shown in different attacking strategies. Its deceitfulness is proven in extensive perceptual studies. Our method shows that adversarial attack on 3D skeletal motions, one type of time-series data, is significantly different from traditional adversarial attack problems. Its success raises serious concern on the robustness of action recognizers and provides insights on potential improvements.      
### 28.ST3D: Self-training for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation on 3D ObjectDetection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05346.pdf)
>  We present a new domain adaptive self-training pipeline, named ST3D, for unsupervised domain adaptation on 3D object detection from point clouds. First, we pre-train the 3D detector on the source domain with our proposed random object scaling strategy for mitigating the negative effects of source domain bias. Then, the detector is iteratively improved on the target domain by alternatively conducting two steps, which are the pseudo label updating with the developed quality-aware triplet memory bank and the model training with curriculum data augmentation. These specific designs for 3D object detection enable the detector to be trained with consistent and high-quality pseudo labels and to avoid overfitting to the large number of easy examples in pseudo labeled data. Our ST3D achieves state-of-the-art performance on all evaluated datasets and even surpasses fully supervised results on KITTI 3D object detection benchmark. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/CVMI-Lab/ST3D" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.Thumbnail: A Novel Data Augmentation for Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05342.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a new data augmentation strategy named Thumbnail, which aims to strengthen the network's capture of global features. We get a generated image by reducing an image to a certain size, which is called as the thumbnail, and pasting it in the random position of the original image. The generated image not only retains most of the original image information but also has the global information in the thumbnail. Furthermore, we find that the idea of thumbnail can be perfectly integrated with Mixed Sample Data Augmentation, so we paste the thumbnail in another image where the ground truth labels are also mixed with a certain weight, which makes great achievements on various computer vision tasks. Extensive experiments show that Thumbnail works better than the state-of-the-art augmentation strategies across classification, fine-grained image classification, and object detection. On ImageNet classification, ResNet50 architecture with our method achieves 79.21% accuracy, which is more than 2.89% improvement on the baseline.      
### 30.Bio-Inspired Representation Learning for Visual Attention Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05310.pdf)
>  Visual Attention Prediction (VAP) is a significant and imperative issue in the field of computer vision. Most of existing VAP methods are based on deep learning. However, they do not fully take advantage of the low-level contrast features while generating the visual attention map. In this paper, a novel VAP method is proposed to generate visual attention map via bio-inspired representation learning. The bio-inspired representation learning combines both low-level contrast and high-level semantic features simultaneously, which are developed by the fact that human eye is sensitive to the patches with high contrast and objects with high semantics. The proposed method is composed of three main steps: 1) feature extraction, 2) bio-inspired representation learning and 3) visual attention map generation. Firstly, the high-level semantic feature is extracted from the refined VGG16, while the low-level contrast feature is extracted by the proposed contrast feature extraction block in a deep network. Secondly, during bio-inspired representation learning, both the extracted low-level contrast and high-level semantic features are combined by the designed densely connected block, which is proposed to concatenate various features scale by scale. Finally, the weighted-fusion layer is exploited to generate the ultimate visual attention map based on the obtained representations after bio-inspired representation learning. Extensive experiments are performed to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 31.Open-book Video Captioning with Retrieve-Copy-Generate Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05284.pdf)
>  Due to the rapid emergence of short videos and the requirement for content understanding and creation, the video captioning task has received increasing attention in recent years. In this paper, we convert traditional video captioning task into a new paradigm, \ie, Open-book Video Captioning, which generates natural language under the prompts of video-content-relevant sentences, not limited to the video itself. To address the open-book video captioning problem, we propose a novel Retrieve-Copy-Generate network, where a pluggable video-to-text retriever is constructed to retrieve sentences as hints from the training corpus effectively, and a copy-mechanism generator is introduced to extract expressions from multi-retrieved sentences dynamically. The two modules can be trained end-to-end or separately, which is flexible and extensible. Our framework coordinates the conventional retrieval-based methods with orthodox encoder-decoder methods, which can not only draw on the diverse expressions in the retrieved sentences but also generate natural and accurate content of the video. Extensive experiments on several benchmark datasets show that our proposed approach surpasses the state-of-the-art performance, indicating the effectiveness and promising of the proposed paradigm in the task of video captioning.      
### 32.Probabilistic Modeling of Semantic Ambiguity for Scene Graph Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05271.pdf)
>  To generate "accurate" scene graphs, almost all existing methods predict pairwise relationships in a deterministic manner. However, we argue that visual relationships are often semantically ambiguous. Specifically, inspired by linguistic knowledge, we classify the ambiguity into three types: Synonymy Ambiguity, Hyponymy Ambiguity, and Multi-view Ambiguity. The ambiguity naturally leads to the issue of \emph{implicit multi-label}, motivating the need for diverse predictions. In this work, we propose a novel plug-and-play Probabilistic Uncertainty Modeling (PUM) module. It models each union region as a Gaussian distribution, whose variance measures the uncertainty of the corresponding visual content. Compared to the conventional deterministic methods, such uncertainty modeling brings stochasticity of feature representation, which naturally enables diverse predictions. As a byproduct, PUM also manages to cover more fine-grained relationships and thus alleviates the issue of bias towards frequent relationships. Extensive experiments on the large-scale Visual Genome benchmark show that combining PUM with newly proposed ResCAGCN can achieve state-of-the-art performances, especially under the mean recall metric. Furthermore, we prove the universal effectiveness of PUM by plugging it into some existing models and provide insightful analysis of its ability to generate diverse yet plausible visual relationships.      
### 33.PcmNet: Position-Sensitive Context Modeling Network for Temporal Action Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05270.pdf)
>  Temporal action localization is an important and challenging task that aims to locate temporal regions in real-world untrimmed videos where actions occur and recognize their classes. It is widely acknowledged that video context is a critical cue for video understanding, and exploiting the context has become an important strategy to boost localization performance. However, previous state-of-the-art methods focus more on exploring semantic context which captures the feature similarity among frames or proposals, and neglect positional context which is vital for temporal localization. In this paper, we propose a temporal-position-sensitive context modeling approach to incorporate both positional and semantic information for more precise action localization. Specifically, we first augment feature representations with directed temporal positional encoding, and then conduct attention-based information propagation, in both frame-level and proposal-level. Consequently, the generated feature representations are significantly empowered with the discriminative capability of encoding the position-aware context information, and thus benefit boundary detection and proposal evaluation. We achieve state-of-the-art performance on both two challenging datasets, THUMOS-14 and ActivityNet-1.3, demonstrating the effectiveness and generalization ability of our method.      
### 34.BASAR:Black-box Attack on Skeletal Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05266.pdf)
>  Skeletal motion plays a vital role in human activity recognition as either an independent data source or a complement. The robustness of skeleton-based activity recognizers has been questioned recently, which shows that they are vulnerable to adversarial attacks when the full-knowledge of the recognizer is accessible to the attacker. However, this white-box requirement is overly restrictive in most scenarios and the attack is not truly threatening. In this paper, we show that such threats do exist under black-box settings too. To this end, we propose the first black-box adversarial attack method BASAR. Through BASAR, we show that adversarial attack is not only truly a threat but also can be extremely deceitful, because on-manifold adversarial samples are rather common in skeletal motions, in contrast to the common belief that adversarial samples only exist off-manifold. Through exhaustive evaluation and comparison, we show that BASAR can deliver successful attacks across models, data, and attack modes. Through harsh perceptual studies, we show that it achieves effective yet imperceptible attacks. By analyzing the attack on different activity recognizers, BASAR helps identify the potential causes of their vulnerability and provides insights on what classifiers are likely to be more robust against attack.      
### 35.MetaCorrection: Domain-aware Meta Loss Correction for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation in Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05254.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) aims to transfer the knowledge from the labeled source domain to the unlabeled target domain. Existing self-training based UDA approaches assign pseudo labels for target data and treat them as ground truth labels to fully leverage unlabeled target data for model adaptation. However, the generated pseudo labels from the model optimized on the source domain inevitably contain noise due to the domain gap. To tackle this issue, we advance a MetaCorrection framework, where a Domain-aware Meta-learning strategy is devised to benefit Loss Correction (DMLC) for UDA semantic segmentation. In particular, we model the noise distribution of pseudo labels in target domain by introducing a noise transition matrix (NTM) and construct meta data set with domain-invariant source data to guide the estimation of NTM. Through the risk minimization on the meta data set, the optimized NTM thus can correct the noisy issues in pseudo labels and enhance the generalization ability of the model on the target data. Considering the capacity gap between shallow and deep features, we further employ the proposed DMLC strategy to provide matched and compatible supervision signals for different level features, thereby ensuring deep adaptation. Extensive experimental results highlight the effectiveness of our method against existing state-of-the-art methods on three benchmarks.      
### 36.Enhancing sensor resolution improves CNN accuracy given the same number of parameters or FLOPS  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05251.pdf)
>  High image resolution is critical to obtain a good performance in many computer vision applications. Computational complexity of CNNs, however, grows significantly with the increase in input image size. Here, we show that it is almost always possible to modify a network such that it achieves higher accuracy at a higher input resolution while having the same number of parameters or/and FLOPS. The idea is similar to the EfficientNet paper but instead of optimizing network width, depth and resolution simultaneously, here we focus only on input resolution. This makes the search space much smaller which is more suitable for low computational budget regimes. More importantly, by controlling for the number of model parameters (and hence model capacity), we show that the additional benefit in accuracy is indeed due to the higher input resolution. Preliminary empirical investigation over MNIST, Fashion MNIST, and CIFAR10 datasets demonstrates the efficiency of the proposed approach.      
### 37.Stabilized Medical Image Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05232.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have advanced existing medical systems for automatic disease diagnosis. However, a threat to these systems arises that adversarial attacks make CNNs vulnerable. Inaccurate diagnosis results make a negative influence on human healthcare. There is a need to investigate potential adversarial attacks to robustify deep medical diagnosis systems. On the other side, there are several modalities of medical images (e.g., CT, fundus, and endoscopic image) of which each type is significantly different from others. It is more challenging to generate adversarial perturbations for different types of medical images. In this paper, we propose an image-based medical adversarial attack method to consistently produce adversarial perturbations on medical images. The objective function of our method consists of a loss deviation term and a loss stabilization term. The loss deviation term increases the divergence between the CNN prediction of an adversarial example and its ground truth label. Meanwhile, the loss stabilization term ensures similar CNN predictions of this example and its smoothed input. From the perspective of the whole iterations for perturbation generation, the proposed loss stabilization term exhaustively searches the perturbation space to smooth the single spot for local optimum escape. We further analyze the KL-divergence of the proposed loss function and find that the loss stabilization term makes the perturbations updated towards a fixed objective spot while deviating from the ground truth. This stabilization ensures the proposed medical attack effective for different types of medical images while producing perturbations in small variance. Experiments on several medical image analysis benchmarks including the recent COVID-19 dataset show the stability of the proposed method.      
### 38.Uncertainty-aware Incremental Learning for Multi-organ Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05227.pdf)
>  Most existing approaches to train a unified multi-organ segmentation model from several single-organ datasets require simultaneously access multiple datasets during training. In the real scenarios, due to privacy and ethics concerns, the training data of the organs of interest may not be publicly available. To this end, we investigate a data-free incremental organ segmentation scenario and propose a novel incremental training framework to solve it. We use the pretrained model instead of its own training data for privacy protection. Specifically, given a pretrained $K$ organ segmentation model and a new single-organ dataset, we train a unified $K+1$ organ segmentation model without accessing any data belonging to the previous training stages. Our approach consists of two parts: the background label alignment strategy and the uncertainty-aware guidance strategy. The first part is used for knowledge transfer from the pretained model to the training model. The second part is used to extract the uncertainty information from the pretrained model to guide the whole knowledge transfer process. By combing these two strategies, more reliable information is extracted from the pretrained model without original training data. Experiments on multiple publicly available pretrained models and a multi-organ dataset MOBA have demonstrated the effectiveness of our framework.      
### 39.DeepSeagrass Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05226.pdf)
>  We introduce a dataset of seagrass images collected by a biologist snorkelling in Moreton Bay, Queensland, Australia, as described in our publication: <a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="2009.09924" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2009.09924">arXiv:2009.09924</a>. The images are labelled at the image-level by collecting images of the same morphotype in a folder hierarchy. We also release pre-trained models and training codes for detection and classification of seagrass species at the patch level at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/csiro-robotics/deepseagrass" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 40.A Data Augmentation Method by Mixing Up Negative Candidate Answers for Solving Raven's Progressive Matrices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05222.pdf)
>  Raven's Progressive Matrices (RPMs) are frequently-used in testing human's visual reasoning ability. Recently developed RPM-like datasets and solution models transfer this kind of problems from cognitive science to computer science. In view of the poor generalization performance due to insufficient samples in RPM datasets, we propose a data augmentation strategy by image mix-up, which is generalizable to a variety of multiple-choice problems, especially for image-based RPM-like problems. By focusing on potential functionalities of negative candidate answers, the visual reasoning capability of the model is enhanced. By applying the proposed data augmentation method, we achieve significant and consistent improvement on various RPM-like datasets compared with the state-of-the-art models.      
### 41.Universal Undersampled MRI Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05214.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have been extensively studied for undersampled MRI reconstruction. While achieving state-of-the-art performance, they are trained and deployed specifically for one anatomy with limited generalization ability to another anatomy. Rather than building multiple models, a universal model that reconstructs images across different anatomies is highly desirable for efficient deployment and better generalization. Simply mixing images from multiple anatomies for training a single network does not lead to an ideal universal model due to the statistical shift among datasets of various anatomies, the need to retrain from scratch on all datasets with the addition of a new dataset, and the difficulty in dealing with imbalanced sampling when the new dataset is further of a smaller size. In this paper, for the first time, we propose a framework to learn a universal deep neural network for undersampled MRI reconstruction. Specifically, anatomy-specific instance normalization is proposed to compensate for statistical shift and allow easy generalization to new datasets. Moreover, the universal model is trained by distilling knowledge from available independent models to further exploit representations across anatomies. Experimental results show the proposed universal model can reconstruct both brain and knee images with high image quality. Also, it is easy to adapt the trained model to new datasets of smaller size, i.e., abdomen, cardiac and prostate, with little effort and superior performance.      
### 42.Enhancing Medical Image Registration via Appearance Adjustment Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05213.pdf)
>  Deformable image registration is fundamental for many medical image analyses. A key obstacle for accurate image registration is the variations in image appearance. Recently, deep learning-based registration methods (DLRs), using deep neural networks, have computational efficiency that is several orders of magnitude greater than traditional optimization-based registration methods (ORs). A major drawback, however, of DLRs is a disregard for the target-pair-specific optimization that is inherent in ORs and instead they rely on a globally optimized network that is trained with a set of training samples to achieve faster registration. Thus, DLRs inherently have degraded ability to adapt to appearance variations and perform poorly, compared to ORs, when image pairs (fixed/moving images) have large differences in appearance. Hence, we propose an Appearance Adjustment Network (AAN) where we leverage anatomy edges, through an anatomy-constrained loss function, to generate an anatomy-preserving appearance transformation. We designed the AAN so that it can be readily inserted into a wide range of DLRs, to reduce the appearance differences between the fixed and moving images. Our AAN and DLR's network can be trained cooperatively in an unsupervised and end-to-end manner. We evaluated our AAN with two widely used DLRs - Voxelmorph (VM) and FAst IMage registration (FAIM) - on three public 3D brain magnetic resonance (MR) image datasets - IBSR18, Mindboggle101, and LPBA40. The results show that DLRs, using the AAN, improved performance and achieved higher results than state-of-the-art ORs.      
### 43.Generative Transition Mechanism to Image-to-Image Translation via Encoded Transformation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05193.pdf)
>  In this paper, we revisit the Image-to-Image (I2I) translation problem with transition consistency, namely the consistency defined on the conditional data mapping between each data pairs. Explicitly parameterizing each data mappings with a transition variable $t$, i.e., $x \overset{t(x,y)}{\mapsto}y$, we discover that existing I2I translation models mainly focus on maintaining consistency on results, e.g., image reconstruction or attribute prediction, named result consistency in our paper. This restricts their generalization ability to generate satisfactory results with unseen transitions in the test phase. Consequently, we propose to enforce both result consistency and transition consistency for I2I translation, to benefit the problem with a closer consistency between the input and output. To benefit the generalization ability of the translation model, we propose transition encoding to facilitate explicit regularization of these two {kinds} of consistencies on unseen transitions. We further generalize such explicitly regularized consistencies to distribution-level, thus facilitating a generalized overall consistency for I2I translation problems. With the above design, our proposed model, named Transition Encoding GAN (TEGAN), can poss superb generalization ability to generate realistic and semantically consistent translation results with unseen transitions in the test phase. It also provides a unified understanding of the existing GAN-based I2I transition models with our explicitly modeling of the data mapping, i.e., transition. Experiments on four different I2I translation tasks demonstrate the efficacy and generality of TEGAN.      
### 44.Iterative Shrinking for Referring Expression Grounding Using Deep Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05187.pdf)
>  In this paper, we are tackling the proposal-free referring expression grounding task, aiming at localizing the target object according to a query sentence, without relying on off-the-shelf object proposals. Existing proposal-free methods employ a query-image matching branch to select the highest-score point in the image feature map as the target box center, with its width and height predicted by another branch. Such methods, however, fail to utilize the contextual relation between the target and reference objects, and lack interpretability on its reasoning procedure. To solve these problems, we propose an iterative shrinking mechanism to localize the target, where the shrinking direction is decided by a reinforcement learning agent, with all contents within the current image patch comprehensively considered. Beside, the sequential shrinking process enables to demonstrate the reasoning about how to iteratively find the target. Experiments show that the proposed method boosts the accuracy by 4.32% against the previous state-of-the-art (SOTA) method on the RefCOCOg dataset, where query sentences are long and complex, with many targets referred by other reference objects.      
### 45.Sequential Learning on Liver Tumor Boundary Semantics and Prognostic Biomarker Mining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05170.pdf)
>  The boundary of tumors (hepatocellular carcinoma, or HCC) contains rich semantics: capsular invasion, visibility, smoothness, folding and protuberance, etc. Capsular invasion on tumor boundary has proven to be clinically correlated with the prognostic indicator, microvascular invasion (MVI). Investigating tumor boundary semantics has tremendous clinical values. In this paper, we propose the first and novel computational framework that disentangles the task into two components: spatial vertex localization and sequential semantic classification. (1) A HCC tumor segmentor is built for tumor mask boundary extraction, followed by polar transform representing the boundary with radius and angle. Vertex generator is used to produce fixed-length boundary vertices where vertex features are sampled on the corresponding spatial locations. (2) The sampled deep vertex features with positional embedding are mapped into a sequential space and decoded by a multilayer perceptron (MLP) for semantic classification. Extensive experiments on tumor capsule semantics demonstrate the effectiveness of our framework. Mining the correlation between the boundary semantics and MVI status proves the feasibility to integrate this boundary semantics as a valid HCC prognostic biomarker.      
### 46.Anomalous entities detection using a cascade of deep learning models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05164.pdf)
>  Human actions that do not conform to usual behavior are considered as anomalous and such actors are called anomalous entities. Detection of anomalous entities using visual data is a challenging problem in computer vision. This paper presents a new approach to detect anomalous entities in complex situations of examination halls. The proposed method uses a cascade of deep convolutional neural network models. In the first stage, we apply a pretrained model of human pose estimation on frames of videos to extract key feature points of body. Patches extracted from each key point are utilized in the second stage to build a densely connected deep convolutional neural network model for detecting anomalous entities. For experiments we collect a video database of students undertaking examination in a hall. Our results show that the proposed method can detect anomalous entities and warrant unusual behavior with high accuracy.      
### 47.Deep Learning-based High-precision Depth Map Estimation from Missing Viewpoints for 360 Degree Digital Holography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05158.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel, convolutional neural network model to extract highly precise depth maps from missing viewpoints, especially well applicable to generate holographic 3D contents. The depth map is an essential element for phase extraction which is required for synthesis of computer-generated hologram (CGH). The proposed model called the HDD Net uses MSE for the better performance of depth map estimation as loss function, and utilizes the bilinear interpolation in up sampling layer with the Relu as activation function. We design and prepare a total of 8,192 multi-view images, each resolution of 640 by 360 for the deep learning study. The proposed model estimates depth maps through extracting features, up sampling. For quantitative assessment, we compare the estimated depth maps with the ground truths by using the PSNR, ACC, and RMSE. We also compare the CGH patterns made from estimated depth maps with ones made from ground truths. Furthermore, we demonstrate the experimental results to test the quality of estimated depth maps through directly reconstructing holographic 3D image scenes from the CGHs.      
### 48.Knowledge Evolution in Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05152.pdf)
>  Deep learning relies on the availability of a large corpus of data (labeled or unlabeled). Thus, one challenging unsettled question is: how to train a deep network on a relatively small dataset? To tackle this question, we propose an evolution-inspired training approach to boost performance on relatively small datasets. The knowledge evolution (KE) approach splits a deep network into two hypotheses: the fit-hypothesis and the reset-hypothesis. We iteratively evolve the knowledge inside the fit-hypothesis by perturbing the reset-hypothesis for multiple generations. This approach not only boosts performance, but also learns a slim network with a smaller inference cost. KE integrates seamlessly with both vanilla and residual convolutional networks. KE reduces both overfitting and the burden for data collection. <br>We evaluate KE on various network architectures and loss functions. We evaluate KE using relatively small datasets (e.g., CUB-200) and randomly initialized deep networks. KE achieves an absolute 21% improvement margin on a state-of-the-art baseline. This performance improvement is accompanied by a relative 73% reduction in inference cost. KE achieves state-of-the-art results on classification and metric learning benchmarks. Code available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://bit.ly/3uLgwYb" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 49.Contemplating real-world object classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05137.pdf)
>  Deep object recognition models have been very successful over benchmark datasets such as ImageNet. How accurate and robust are they to distribution shifts arising from natural and synthetic variations in datasets? Prior research on this problem has primarily focused on ImageNet variations (e.g., ImageNetV2, ImageNet-A). To avoid potential inherited biases in these studies, we take a different approach. Specifically, we reanalyze the ObjectNet dataset recently proposed by Barbu et al. containing objects in daily life situations. They showed a dramatic performance drop of the state of the art object recognition models on this dataset. Due to the importance and implications of their results regarding the generalization ability of deep models, we take a second look at their analysis. We find that applying deep models to the isolated objects, rather than the entire scene as is done in the original paper, results in around 20-30% performance improvement. Relative to the numbers reported in Barbu et al., around 10-15% of the performance loss is recovered, without any test time data augmentation. Despite this gain, however, we conclude that deep models still suffer drastically on the ObjectNet dataset. We also investigate the robustness of models against synthetic image perturbations such as geometric transformations (e.g., scale, rotation, translation), natural image distortions (e.g., impulse noise, blur) as well as adversarial attacks (e.g., FGSM and PGD-5). Our results indicate that limiting the object area as much as possible (i.e., from the entire image to the bounding box to the segmentation mask) leads to consistent improvement in accuracy and robustness.      
### 50.Multiple Instance Captioning: Learning Representations from Histopathology Textbooks and Articles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05121.pdf)
>  We present ARCH, a computational pathology (CP) multiple instance captioning dataset to facilitate dense supervision of CP tasks. Existing CP datasets focus on narrow tasks; ARCH on the other hand contains dense diagnostic and morphological descriptions for a range of stains, tissue types and pathologies. Using intrinsic dimensionality estimation, we show that ARCH is the only CP dataset to (ARCH-)rival its computer vision analog MS-COCO Captions. We conjecture that an encoder pre-trained on dense image captions learns transferable representations for most CP tasks. We support the conjecture with evidence that ARCH representation transfers to a variety of pathology sub-tasks better than ImageNet features or representations obtained via self-supervised or multi-task learning on pathology images alone. We release our best model and invite other researchers to test it on their CP tasks.      
### 51.Deep Neural Networks for the Assessment of Surgical Skills: A Systematic Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05113.pdf)
>  Surgical training in medical school residency programs has followed the apprenticeship model. The learning and assessment process is inherently subjective and time-consuming. Thus, there is a need for objective methods to assess surgical skills. Here, we use the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines to systematically survey the literature on the use of Deep Neural Networks for automated and objective surgical skill assessment, with a focus on kinematic data as putative markers of surgical competency. There is considerable recent interest in deep neural networks (DNN) due to the availability of powerful algorithms, multiple datasets, some of which are publicly available, as well as efficient computational hardware to train and host them. We have reviewed 530 papers, of which we selected 25 for this systematic review. Based on this review, we concluded that DNNs are powerful tools for automated, objective surgical skill assessment using both kinematic and video data. The field would benefit from large, publicly available, annotated datasets that are representative of the surgical trainee and expert demographics and multimodal data beyond kinematics and videos.      
### 52.Deep Learning Based Decision Support for Medicine -- A Case Study on Skin Cancer Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05112.pdf)
>  Early detection of skin cancers like melanoma is crucial to ensure high chances of survival for patients. Clinical application of Deep Learning (DL)-based Decision Support Systems (DSS) for skin cancer screening has the potential to improve the quality of patient care. The majority of work in the medical AI community focuses on a diagnosis setting that is mainly relevant for autonomous operation. Practical decision support should, however, go beyond plain diagnosis and provide explanations. This paper provides an overview of works towards explainable, DL-based decision support in medical applications with the example of skin cancer diagnosis from clinical, dermoscopic and histopathologic images. Analysis reveals that comparably little attention is payed to the explanation of histopathologic skin images and that current work is dominated by visual relevance maps as well as dermoscopic feature identification. We conclude that future work should focus on meeting the stakeholder's cognitive concepts, providing exhaustive explanations that combine global and local approaches and leverage diverse modalities. Moreover, the possibility to intervene and guide models in case of misbehaviour is identified as a major step towards successful deployment of AI as DL-based DSS and beyond.      
### 53.Application of Transfer Learning to Sign Language Recognition using an Inflated 3D Deep Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05111.pdf)
>  Sign language is the primary language for people with a hearing loss. Sign language recognition (SLR) is the automatic recognition of sign language, which represents a challenging problem for computers, though some progress has been made recently using deep learning. Huge amounts of data are generally required to train deep learning models. However, corresponding datasets are missing for the majority of sign languages. Transfer learning is a technique to utilize a related task with an abundance of data available to help solve a target task lacking sufficient data. Transfer learning has been applied highly successfully in computer vision and natural language processing. However, much less research has been conducted in the field of SLR. This paper investigates how effectively transfer learning can be applied to isolated SLR using an inflated 3D convolutional neural network as the deep learning architecture. Transfer learning is implemented by pre-training a network on the American Sign Language dataset MS-ASL and subsequently fine-tuning it separately on three different sizes of the German Sign Language dataset SIGNUM. The results of the experiments give clear empirical evidence that transfer learning can be effectively applied to isolated SLR. The accuracy performances of the networks applying transfer learning increased substantially by up to 21% as compared to the baseline models that were not pre-trained on the MS-ASL dataset.      
### 54.Web Table Classification based on Visual Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05110.pdf)
>  Tables on the web constitute a valuable data source for many applications, like factual search and knowledge base augmentation. However, as genuine tables containing relational knowledge only account for a small proportion of tables on the web, reliable genuine web table classification is a crucial first step of table extraction. Previous works usually rely on explicit feature construction from the HTML code. In contrast, we propose an approach for web table classification by exploiting the full visual appearance of a table, which works purely by applying a convolutional neural network on the rendered image of the web table. Since these visual features can be extracted automatically, our approach circumvents the need for explicit feature construction. A new hand labeled gold standard dataset containing HTML source code and images for 13,112 tables was generated for this task. Transfer learning techniques are applied to well known VGG16 and ResNet50 architectures. The evaluation of CNN image classification with fine tuned ResNet50 (F1 93.29%) shows that this approach achieves results comparable to previous solutions using explicitly defined HTML code based features. By combining visual and explicit features, an F-measure of 93.70% can be achieved by Random Forest classification, which beats current state of the art methods.      
### 55.Highly Efficient Representation and Active Learning Framework for Imbalanced Data and its Application to COVID-19 X-Ray Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05109.pdf)
>  We propose a highly data-efficient classification and active learning framework for classifying chest X-rays. It is based on (1) unsupervised representation learning of a CNN (Convolutional Neural Network) and (2) the GP (Gaussian Process) method. The unsupervised representation learning employs self-supervision that does not require class labels, and the learned features are proven to achieve label-efficient classification. GP is a kernel-based Bayesian approach that also leads to data-efficient predictions with the added benefit of estimating each decision's uncertainty. Our novel framework combines these two elements in sequence to achieve highly data and label efficient classifications. Moreover, both elements are less sensitive to the prevalent and challenging class imbalance issue, thanks to the (1) feature learned without labels and (2) the Bayesian nature of GP. The GP-provided uncertainty estimates enable active learning by ranking samples based on the uncertainty and selectively labeling samples showing higher uncertainty. We apply this novel combination to the data-deficient and severely imbalanced case of COVID-19 chest X-ray classification. We demonstrate that only $\sim 10\%$ of the labeled data is needed to reach the accuracy from training all available labels. Its application to the COVID-19 data in a fully supervised classification scenario shows that our model, with a generic ResNet backbone, outperforms (COVID-19 case by 4\%) the state-of-the-art model with a highly tuned architecture. Our model architecture and proposed framework are general and straightforward to apply to a broader class of datasets, with expected success.      
### 56.Believe The HiPe: Hierarchical Perturbation for Fast and Robust Explanation of Black Box Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05108.pdf)
>  Understanding the predictions made by Artificial Intelligence (AI) systems is becoming more and more important as deep learning models are used for increasingly complex and high-stakes tasks. Saliency mapping - an easily interpretable visual attribution method - is one important tool for this, but existing formulations are limited by either computational cost or architectural constraints. We therefore propose Hierarchical Perturbation, a very fast and completely model-agnostic method for explaining model predictions with robust saliency maps. Using standard benchmarks and datasets, we show that our saliency maps are of competitive or superior quality to those generated by existing black-box methods - and are over 20x faster to compute.      
### 57.Risk Prediction on Traffic Accidents using a Compact Neural Model for Multimodal Information Fusion over Urban Big Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05107.pdf)
>  Predicting risk map of traffic accidents is vital for accident prevention and early planning of emergency response. Here, the challenge lies in the multimodal nature of urban big data. We propose a compact neural ensemble model to alleviate overfitting in fusing multimodal features and develop some new features such as fractal measure of road complexity in satellite images, taxi flows, POIs, and road width and connectivity in OpenStreetMap. The solution is more promising in performance than the baseline methods and the single-modality data based solutions. After visualization from a micro view, the visual patterns of the scenes related to high and low risk are revealed, providing lessons for future road design. From city point of view, the predicted risk map is close to the ground truth, and can act as the base in optimizing spatial configuration of resources for emergency response, and alarming signs. To the best of our knowledge, it is the first work to fuse visual and spatio-temporal features in traffic accident prediction while advances to bridge the gap between data mining based urban computing and computer vision based urban perception.      
### 58.Urdu Handwritten Text Recognition Using ResNet18  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05105.pdf)
>  Handwritten text recognition is an active research area in the field of deep learning and artificial intelligence to convert handwritten text into machine-understandable. A lot of work has been done for other languages, especially for English, but work for the Urdu language is very minimal due to the cursive nature of Urdu characters. The need for Urdu HCR systems is increasing because of the advancement of technology. In this paper, we propose a ResNet18 model for handwritten text recognition using Urdu Nastaliq Handwritten Dataset (UNHD) which contains 3,12000 words written by 500 candidates.      
### 59.New Methods for Detecting Concentric Objects With High Accuracy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05104.pdf)
>  Fitting concentric geometric objects to digitized data is an important problem in many areas such as iris detection, autonomous navigation, and industrial robotics operations. There are two common approaches to fitting geometric shapes to data: the geometric (iterative) approach and algebraic (non-iterative) approach. The geometric approach is a nonlinear iterative method that minimizes the sum of the squares of Euclidean distances of the observed points to the ellipses and regarded as the most accurate method, but it needs a good initial guess to improve the convergence rate. The algebraic approach is based on minimizing the algebraic distances with some constraints imposed on parametric space. Each algebraic method depends on the imposed constraint, and it can be solved with the aid of the generalized eigenvalue problem. Only a few methods in literature were developed to solve the problem of concentric ellipses. Here we study the statistical properties of existing methods by firstly establishing a general mathematical and statistical framework for this problem. Using rigorous perturbation analysis, we derive the variances and biasedness of each method under the small-sigma model. We also develop new estimators, which can be used as reliable initial guesses for other iterative methods. Then we compare the performance of each method according to their theoretical accuracy. Not only do our methods described here outperform other existing non-iterative methods, they are also quite robust against large noise. These methods and their practical performances are assessed by a series of numerical experiments on both synthetic and real data.      
### 60.Image Captioning using Multiple Transformers for Self-Attention Mechanism  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05103.pdf)
>  Real-time image captioning, along with adequate precision, is the main challenge of this research field. The present work, Multiple Transformers for Self-Attention Mechanism (MTSM), utilizes multiple transformers to address these problems. The proposed algorithm, MTSM, acquires region proposals using a transformer detector (DETR). Consequently, MTSM achieves the self-attention mechanism by transferring these region proposals and their visual and geometrical features through another transformer and learns the objects' local and global interconnections. The qualitative and quantitative results of the proposed algorithm, MTSM, are shown on the MSCOCO dataset.      
### 61.Self-supervised Multisensor Change Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05102.pdf)
>  Multimodal and multisensor data analysis is a long-standing goal in machine learning research. In this paper we revisit multisensor analysis in context of self-supervised change detection in bi-temporal satellite images. Most change detection methods assume that pre-change and post-change images are acquired by the same sensor. However, in many real-life scenarios, e.g., natural disaster, it is more practical to use the latest available images before and after the occurrence of incidence, which may be acquired using different sensors. In particular, we are interested in the combination of the images acquired by optical and Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) sensors. While optical images are like the natural images dealt in computer vision, SAR images appear vastly different even when capturing the same scene. Adding to this, change detection methods are often constrained to use only target image-pair, no labeled data, and no additional unlabeled data. Such constraints limit the scope of traditional supervised machine learning and unsupervised generative approaches for multi-sensor change detection. Recent rapid development of self-supervised learning methods has shown that some of them can even work with only few images. Motivated by this, in this work we propose a method for multi-sensor change detection using only the unlabeled target bi-temporal images that are used for training a network in self-supervised fashion by using deep clustering and contrastive learning. The trained network is evaluated on multi-modal satellite data showing change and the benefits of our self-supervised approach are demonstrated.      
### 62.Video Action Recognition Using spatio-temporal optical flow video frames  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05101.pdf)
>  Recognizing human actions based on videos has became one of the most popular areas of research in computer vision in recent years. This area has many applications such as surveillance, robotics, health care, video search and human-computer interaction. There are many problems associated with recognizing human actions in videos such as cluttered backgrounds, obstructions, viewpoints variation, execution speed and camera movement. A large number of methods have been proposed to solve the problems. This paper focus on spatial and temporal pattern recognition for the classification of videos using Deep Neural Networks. This model takes RGB images and Optical Flow as input data and outputs an action class number. The final recognition accuracy was about 94%.      
### 63.Learning Hierarchical Integration of Foveal and Peripheral Vision for Vergence Control by Active Efficient Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05100.pdf)
>  The active efficient coding (AEC) framework parsimoniously explains the joint development of visual processing and eye movements, e.g., the emergence of binocular disparity selective neurons and fusional vergence, the disjunctive eye movements that align left and right eye images. Vergence can be driven by information in both the fovea and periphery, which play complementary roles. The high resolution fovea can drive precise short range movements. The lower resolution periphery supports coarser long range movements. The fovea and periphery may also contain conflicting information, e.g. due to objects at different depths. While past AEC models did integrate peripheral and foveal information, they did not explicitly take into account these characteristics. We propose here a two-level hierarchical approach that does. The bottom level generates different vergence actions from foveal and peripheral regions. The top level selects one. We demonstrate that the hierarchical approach performs better than prior approaches in realistic environments, exhibiting better alignment and less oscillation.      
### 64.Subjective and Objective Quality Assessment of Mobile Gaming Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05099.pdf)
>  Nowadays, with the vigorous expansion and development of gaming video streaming techniques and services, the expectation of users, especially the mobile phone users, for higher quality of experience is also growing swiftly. As most of the existing research focuses on traditional video streaming, there is a clear lack of both subjective study and objective quality models that are tailored for quality assessment of mobile gaming content. To this end, in this study, we first present a brand new Tencent Gaming Video dataset containing 1293 mobile gaming sequences encoded with three different codecs. Second, we propose an objective quality framework, namely Efficient hard-RAnk Quality Estimator (ERAQUE), that is equipped with (1) a novel hard pairwise ranking loss, which forces the model to put more emphasis on differentiating similar pairs; (2) an adapted model distillation strategy, which could be utilized to compress the proposed model efficiently without causing significant performance drop. Extensive experiments demonstrate the efficiency and robustness of our model.      
### 65.How Privacy-Preserving are Line Clouds? Recovering Scene Details from 3D Lines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05086.pdf)
>  Visual localization is the problem of estimating the camera pose of a given image with respect to a known scene. Visual localization algorithms are a fundamental building block in advanced computer vision applications, including Mixed and Virtual Reality systems. Many algorithms used in practice represent the scene through a Structure-from-Motion (SfM) point cloud and use 2D-3D matches between a query image and the 3D points for camera pose estimation. As recently shown, image details can be accurately recovered from SfM point clouds by translating renderings of the sparse point clouds to images. To address the resulting potential privacy risks for user-generated content, it was recently proposed to lift point clouds to line clouds by replacing 3D points by randomly oriented 3D lines passing through these points. The resulting representation is unintelligible to humans and effectively prevents point cloud-to-image translation. This paper shows that a significant amount of information about the 3D scene geometry is preserved in these line clouds, allowing us to (approximately) recover the 3D point positions and thus to (approximately) recover image content. Our approach is based on the observation that the closest points between lines can yield a good approximation to the original 3D points. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kunalchelani/Line2Point" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 66.Offboard 3D Object Detection from Point Cloud Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05073.pdf)
>  While current 3D object recognition research mostly focuses on the real-time, onboard scenario, there are many offboard use cases of perception that are largely under-explored, such as using machines to automatically generate high-quality 3D labels. Existing 3D object detectors fail to satisfy the high-quality requirement for offboard uses due to the limited input and speed constraints. In this paper, we propose a novel offboard 3D object detection pipeline using point cloud sequence data. Observing that different frames capture complementary views of objects, we design the offboard detector to make use of the temporal points through both multi-frame object detection and novel object-centric refinement models. Evaluated on the Waymo Open Dataset, our pipeline named 3D Auto Labeling shows significant gains compared to the state-of-the-art onboard detectors and our offboard baselines. Its performance is even on par with human labels verified through a human label study. Further experiments demonstrate the application of auto labels for semi-supervised learning and provide extensive analysis to validate various design choices.      
### 67.Use square root affinity to regress labels in semantic segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.04990.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation is a basic but non-trivial task in computer vision. Many previous work focus on utilizing affinity patterns to enhance segmentation networks. Most of these studies use the affinity matrix as a kind of feature fusion weights, which is part of modules embedded in the network, such as attention models and non-local models. In this paper, we associate affinity matrix with labels, exploiting the affinity in a supervised way. Specifically, we utilize the label to generate a multi-scale label affinity matrix as a structural supervision, and we use a square root kernel to compute a non-local affinity matrix on output layers. With such two affinities, we define a novel loss called Affinity Regression loss (AR loss), which can be an auxiliary loss providing pair-wise similarity penalty. Our model is easy to train and adds little computational burden without run-time inference. Extensive experiments on NYUv2 dataset and Cityscapes dataset demonstrate that our proposed method is sufficient in promoting semantic segmentation networks.      
### 68.Quadruple Augmented Pyramid Network for Multi-class COVID-19 Segmentation via CT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05546.pdf)
>  COVID-19, a new strain of coronavirus disease, has been one of the most serious and infectious disease in the world. Chest CT is essential in prognostication, diagnosing this disease, and assessing the complication. In this paper, a multi-class COVID-19 CT segmentation is proposed aiming at helping radiologists estimate the extent of effected lung volume. We utilized four augmented pyramid networks on an encoder-decoder segmentation framework. Quadruple Augmented Pyramid Network (QAP-Net) not only enable CNN capture features from variation size of CT images, but also act as spatial interconnections and down-sampling to transfer sufficient feature information for semantic segmentation. Experimental results achieve competitive performance in segmentation with the Dice of 0.8163, which outperforms other state-of-the-art methods, demonstrating the proposed framework can segments of consolidation as well as glass, ground area via COVID-19 chest CT efficiently and accurately.      
### 69.Deep and Statistical Learning in Biomedical Imaging: State of the Art in 3D MRI Brain Tumor Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05529.pdf)
>  Clinical diagnostic and treatment decisions rely upon the integration of patient-specific data with clinical reasoning. Cancer presents a unique context that influence treatment decisions, given its diverse forms of disease evolution. Biomedical imaging allows noninvasive assessment of disease based on visual evaluations leading to better clinical outcome prediction and therapeutic planning. Early methods of brain cancer characterization predominantly relied upon statistical modeling of neuroimaging data. Driven by the breakthroughs in computer vision, deep learning became the de facto standard in the domain of medical imaging. Integrated statistical and deep learning methods have recently emerged as a new direction in the automation of the medical practice unifying multi-disciplinary knowledge in medicine, statistics, and artificial intelligence. In this study, we critically review major statistical and deep learning models and their applications in brain imaging research with a focus on MRI-based brain tumor segmentation. The results do highlight that model-driven classical statistics and data-driven deep learning is a potent combination for developing automated systems in clinical oncology.      
### 70.Multi-phase Deformable Registration for Time-dependent Abdominal Organ Variations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05525.pdf)
>  Human body is a complex dynamic system composed of various sub-dynamic parts. Especially, thoracic and abdominal organs have complex internal shape variations with different frequencies by various reasons such as respiration with fast motion and peristalsis with slower motion. CT protocols for abdominal lesions are multi-phase scans for various tumor detection to use different vascular contrast, however, they are not aligned well enough to visually check the same area. In this paper, we propose a time-efficient and accurate deformable registration algorithm for multi-phase CT scans considering abdominal organ motions, which can be applied for differentiable or non-differentiable motions of abdominal organs. Experimental results shows the registration accuracy as 0.85 +/- 0.45mm (mean +/- STD) for pancreas within 1 minute for the whole abdominal region.      
### 71.Universal Adversarial Perturbations and Image Spam Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05469.pdf)
>  As the name suggests, image spam is spam email that has been embedded in an image. Image spam was developed in an effort to evade text-based filters. Modern deep learning-based classifiers perform well in detecting typical image spam that is seen in the wild. In this chapter, we evaluate numerous adversarial techniques for the purpose of attacking deep learning-based image spam classifiers. Of the techniques tested, we find that universal perturbation performs best. Using universal adversarial perturbations, we propose and analyze a new transformation-based adversarial attack that enables us to create tailored "natural perturbations" in image spam. The resulting spam images benefit from both the presence of concentrated natural features and a universal adversarial perturbation. We show that the proposed technique outperforms existing adversarial attacks in terms of accuracy reduction, computation time per example, and perturbation distance. We apply our technique to create a dataset of adversarial spam images, which can serve as a challenge dataset for future research in image spam detection.      
### 72.Convolutional Neural Network Denoising in Fluorescence Lifetime Imaging Microscopy (FLIM)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05448.pdf)
>  Fluorescence lifetime imaging microscopy (FLIM) systems are limited by their slow processing speed, low signal-to-noise ratio (SNR), and expensive and challenging hardware setups. In this work, we demonstrate applying a denoising convolutional network to improve FLIM SNR. The network will be integrated with an instant FLIM system with fast data acquisition based on analog signal processing, high SNR using high-efficiency pulse-modulation, and cost-effective implementation utilizing off-the-shelf radio-frequency components. Our instant FLIM system simultaneously provides the intensity, lifetime, and phasor plots \textit{in vivo} and \textit{ex vivo}. By integrating image denoising using the trained deep learning model on the FLIM data, provide accurate FLIM phasor measurements are obtained. The enhanced phasor is then passed through the K-means clustering segmentation method, an unbiased and unsupervised machine learning technique to separate different fluorophores accurately. Our experimental \textit{in vivo} mouse kidney results indicate that introducing the deep learning image denoising model before the segmentation effectively removes the noise in the phasor compared to existing methods and provides clearer segments. Hence, the proposed deep learning-based workflow provides fast and accurate automatic segmentation of fluorescence images using instant FLIM. The denoising operation is effective for the segmentation if the FLIM measurements are noisy. The clustering can effectively enhance the detection of biological structures of interest in biomedical imaging applications.      
### 73.Selective and Features based Adversarial Example Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05354.pdf)
>  Security-sensitive applications that relay on Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are vulnerable to small perturbations crafted to generate Adversarial Examples (AEs) that are imperceptible to human and cause DNN to misclassify them. Many defense and detection techniques have been proposed. The state-of-the-art detection techniques have been designed for specific attacks or broken by others, need knowledge about the attacks, are not consistent, increase model parameters overhead, are time-consuming, or have latency in inference time. To trade off these factors, we propose a novel unsupervised detection mechanism that uses the selective prediction, processing model layers outputs, and knowledge transfer concepts in a multi-task learning setting. It is called Selective and Feature based Adversarial Detection (SFAD). Experimental results show that the proposed approach achieves comparable results to the state-of-the-art methods against tested attacks in white box scenario and better results in black and gray boxes scenarios. Moreover, results show that SFAD is fully robust against High Confidence Attacks (HCAs) for MNIST and partially robust for CIFAR-10 datasets.      
### 74.A Mask R-CNN approach to counting bacterial colony forming units in pharmaceutical development  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05337.pdf)
>  We present an application of the well-known Mask R-CNN approach to the counting of different types of bacterial colony forming units that were cultured in Petri dishes. Our model was made available to lab technicians in a modern SPA (Single-Page Application). Users can upload images of dishes, after which the Mask R-CNN model that was trained and tuned specifically for this task detects the number of BVG- and BVG+ colonies and displays these in an interactive interface for the user to verify. Users can then check the model's predictions, correct them if deemed necessary, and finally validate them. Our adapted Mask R-CNN model achieves a mean average precision (mAP) of 94\% at an intersection-over-union (IoU) threshold of 50\%. With these encouraging results, we see opportunities to bring the benefits of improved accuracy and time saved to related problems, such as generalising to other bacteria types and viral foci counting.      
### 75.3D-QCNet -- A Pipeline for Automated Artifact Detection in Diffusion MRI images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05285.pdf)
>  Artifacts are a common occurrence in Diffusion MRI (dMRI) scans. Identifying and removing them is essential to ensure the accuracy and viability of any post processing carried out on these scans. This makes QC (quality control) a crucial first step prior to any analysis of dMRI data. Several QC methods for artifact detection exist, however they suffer from problems like requiring manual intervention and the inability to generalize across different artifacts and datasets. In this paper, we propose an automated deep learning (DL) pipeline that utilizes a 3D-Densenet architecture to train a model on diffusion volumes for automatic artifact detection. Our method is applied on a vast dataset consisting of 9000 volumes sourced from 7 large clinical datasets. These datasets comprise scans from multiple scanners with different gradient directions, high and low b values, single shell and multi shell acquisitions. Additionally, they represent diverse subject demographics like the presence or absence of pathologies. Our QC method is found to accurately generalize across this heterogenous data by correctly detecting 92% artifacts on average across our test set. This consistent performance over diverse datasets underlines the generalizability of our method, which currently is a significant barrier hindering the widespread adoption of automated QC techniques. For these reasons, we believe that 3D-QCNet can be integrated in diffusion pipelines to effectively automate the arduous and time-intensive process of artifact detection.      
### 76.2D histology meets 3D topology: Cytoarchitectonic brain mapping with Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05259.pdf)
>  Cytoarchitecture describes the spatial organization of neuronal cells in the brain, including their arrangement into layers and columns with respect to cell density, orientation, or presence of certain cell types. It allows to segregate the brain into cortical areas and subcortical nuclei, links structure with connectivity and function, and provides a microstructural reference for human brain atlases. Mapping boundaries between areas requires to scan histological sections at microscopic resolution. While recent high-throughput scanners allow to scan a complete human brain in the order of a year, it is practically impossible to delineate regions at the same pace using the established gold standard method. Researchers have recently addressed cytoarchitectonic mapping of cortical regions with deep neural networks, relying on image patches from individual 2D sections for classification. However, the 3D context, which is needed to disambiguate complex or obliquely cut brain regions, is not taken into account. In this work, we combine 2D histology with 3D topology by reformulating the mapping task as a node classification problem on an approximate 3D midsurface mesh through the isocortex. We extract deep features from cortical patches in 2D histological sections which are descriptive of cytoarchitecture, and assign them to the corresponding nodes on the 3D mesh to construct a large attributed graph. By solving the brain mapping problem on this graph using graph neural networks, we obtain significantly improved classification results. The proposed framework lends itself nicely to integration of additional neuroanatomical priors for mapping.      
### 77.Generalizable Limited-Angle CT Reconstruction via Sinogram Extrapolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05255.pdf)
>  Computed tomography (CT) reconstruction from X-ray projections acquired within a limited angle range is challenging, especially when the angle range is extremely small. Both analytical and iterative models need more projections for effective modeling. Deep learning methods have gained prevalence due to their excellent reconstruction performances, but such success is mainly limited within the same dataset and does not generalize across datasets with different distributions. Hereby we propose ExtraPolationNetwork for limited-angle CT reconstruction via the introduction of a sinogram extrapolation module, which is theoretically justified. The module complements extra sinogram information and boots model generalizability. Extensive experimental results show that our reconstruction model achieves state-of-the-art performance on NIH-AAPM dataset, similar to existing approaches. More importantly, we show that using such a sinogram extrapolation module significantly improves the generalization capability of the model on unseen datasets (e.g., COVID-19 and LIDC datasets) when compared to existing approaches.      
### 78.Practical Relative Order Attack in Deep Ranking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05248.pdf)
>  Recent studies unveil the vulnerabilities of deep ranking models, where an imperceptible perturbation can trigger dramatic changes in the ranking result. While previous attempts focus on manipulating absolute ranks of certain candidates, the possibility of adjusting their relative order remains under-explored. In this paper, we formulate a new adversarial attack against deep ranking systems, i.e., the Order Attack, which covertly alters the relative order among a selected set of candidates according to an attacker-specified permutation, with limited interference to other unrelated candidates. Specifically, it is formulated as a triplet-style loss imposing an inequality chain reflecting the specified permutation. However, direct optimization of such white-box objective is infeasible in a real-world attack scenario due to various black-box limitations. To cope with them, we propose a Short-range Ranking Correlation metric as a surrogate objective for black-box Order Attack to approximate the white-box method. The Order Attack is evaluated on the Fashion-MNIST and Stanford-Online-Products datasets under both white-box and black-box threat models. The black-box attack is also successfully implemented on a major e-commerce platform. Comprehensive experimental evaluations demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed methods, revealing a new type of ranking model vulnerability.      
### 79.Prediction of 5-year Progression-Free Survival in Advanced Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma with Pretreatment PET/CT using Multi-Modality Deep Learning-based Radiomics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05220.pdf)
>  Deep Learning-based Radiomics (DLR) has achieved great success on medical image analysis. In this study, we aim to explore the capability of DLR for survival prediction in NPC. We developed an end-to-end multi-modality DLR model using pretreatment PET/CT images to predict 5-year Progression-Free Survival (PFS) in advanced NPC. A total of 170 patients with pathological confirmed advanced NPC (TNM stage III or IVa) were enrolled in this study. A 3D Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), with two branches to process PET and CT separately, was optimized to extract deep features from pretreatment multi-modality PET/CT images and use the derived features to predict the probability of 5-year PFS. Optionally, TNM stage, as a high-level clinical feature, can be integrated into our DLR model to further improve prognostic performance. For a comparison between CR and DLR, 1456 handcrafted features were extracted, and three top CR methods were selected as benchmarks from 54 combinations of 6 feature selection methods and 9 classification methods. Compared to the three CR methods, our multi-modality DLR models using both PET and CT, with or without TNM stage (named PCT or PC model), resulted in the highest prognostic performance. Furthermore, the multi-modality PCT model outperformed single-modality DLR models using only PET and TNM stage (PT model) or only CT and TNM stage (CT model). Our study identified potential radiomics-based prognostic model for survival prediction in advanced NPC, and suggests that DLR could serve as a tool for aiding in cancer management.      
### 80.ASL to PET Translation by a Semi-supervised Residual-based Attention-guided Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05116.pdf)
>  Positron Emission Tomography (PET) is an imaging method that can assess physiological function rather than structural disturbances by measuring cerebral perfusion or glucose consumption. However, this imaging technique relies on injection of radioactive tracers and is expensive. On the contrary, Arterial Spin Labeling (ASL) MRI is a non-invasive, non-radioactive, and relatively cheap imaging technique for brain hemodynamic measurements, which allows quantification to some extent. In this paper we propose a convolutional neural network (CNN) based model for translating ASL to PET images, which could benefit patients as well as the healthcare system in terms of expenses and adverse side effects. However, acquiring a sufficient number of paired ASL-PET scans for training a CNN is prohibitive for many reasons. To tackle this problem, we present a new semi-supervised multitask CNN which is trained on both paired data, i.e. ASL and PET scans, and unpaired data, i.e. only ASL scans, which alleviates the problem of training a network on limited paired data. Moreover, we present a new residual-based-attention guided mechanism to improve the contextual features during the training process. Also, we show that incorporating T1-weighted scans as an input, due to its high resolution and availability of anatomical information, improves the results. We performed a two-stage evaluation based on quantitative image metrics by conducting a 7-fold cross validation followed by a double-blind observer study. The proposed network achieved structural similarity index measure (SSIM), mean squared error (MSE) and peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) values of $0.85\pm0.08$, $0.01\pm0.01$, and $21.8\pm4.5$ respectively, for translating from 2D ASL and T1-weighted images to PET data. The proposed model is publicly available via <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yousefis/ASL2PET" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 81.Deep reinforcement learning in medical imaging: A literature review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05115.pdf)
>  Deep reinforcement learning (DRL) augments the reinforcement learning framework, which learns a sequence of actions that maximizes the expected reward, with the representative power of deep neural networks. Recent works have demonstrated the great potential of DRL in medicine and healthcare. This paper presents a literature review of DRL in medical imaging. We start with a comprehensive tutorial of DRL, including the latest model-free and model-based algorithms. We then cover existing DRL applications for medical imaging, which are roughly divided into three main categories: (I) parametric medical image analysis tasks including landmark detection, object/lesion detection, registration, and view plane localization; (ii) solving optimization tasks including hyperparameter tuning, selecting augmentation strategies, and neural architecture search; and (iii) miscellaneous applications including surgical gesture segmentation, personalized mobile health intervention, and computational model personalization. The paper concludes with discussions of future perspectives.      
### 82.Learning Invariant Representations across Domains and Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05114.pdf)
>  Being expensive and time-consuming to collect massive COVID-19 image samples to train deep classification models, transfer learning is a promising approach by transferring knowledge from the abundant typical pneumonia datasets for COVID-19 image classification. However, negative transfer may deteriorate the performance due to the feature distribution divergence between two datasets and task semantic difference in diagnosing pneumonia and COVID-19 that rely on different characteristics. It is even more challenging when the target dataset has no labels available, i.e., unsupervised task transfer learning. In this paper, we propose a novel Task Adaptation Network (TAN) to solve this unsupervised task transfer problem. In addition to learning transferable features via domain-adversarial training, we propose a novel task semantic adaptor that uses the learning-to-learn strategy to adapt the task semantics. Experiments on three public COVID-19 datasets demonstrate that our proposed method achieves superior performance. Especially on COVID-DA dataset, TAN significantly increases the recall and F1 score by 5.0% and 7.8% compared to recently strong baselines. Moreover, we show that TAN also achieves superior performance on several public domain adaptation benchmarks.      
### 83.CovidGAN: Data Augmentation Using Auxiliary Classifier GAN for Improved Covid-19 Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05094.pdf)
>  Coronavirus (COVID-19) is a viral disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). The spread of COVID-19 seems to have a detrimental effect on the global economy and health. A positive chest X-ray of infected patients is a crucial step in the battle against COVID-19. Early results suggest that abnormalities exist in chest X-rays of patients suggestive of COVID-19. This has led to the introduction of a variety of deep learning systems and studies have shown that the accuracy of COVID-19 patient detection through the use of chest X-rays is strongly optimistic. Deep learning networks like convolutional neural networks (CNNs) need a substantial amount of training data. Because the outbreak is recent, it is difficult to gather a significant number of radiographic images in such a short time. Therefore, in this research, we present a method to generate synthetic chest X-ray (CXR) images by developing an Auxiliary Classifier Generative Adversarial Network (ACGAN) based model called CovidGAN. In addition, we demonstrate that the synthetic images produced from CovidGAN can be utilized to enhance the performance of CNN for COVID-19 detection. Classification using CNN alone yielded 85% accuracy. By adding synthetic images produced by CovidGAN, the accuracy increased to 95%. We hope this method will speed up COVID-19 detection and lead to more robust systems of radiology.      
### 84.LCDNet: Deep Loop Closure Detection for LiDAR SLAM based on Unbalanced Optimal Transport  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05056.pdf)
>  Loop closure detection is an essential component of Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) systems, which reduces the drift accumulated over time. Over the years, several deep learning approaches have been proposed to address this task, however their performance has been subpar compared to handcrafted techniques, especially while dealing with reverse loops. In this paper, we introduce the novel LCDNet that effectively detects loop closures in LiDAR point clouds by simultaneously identifying previously visited places and estimating the 6-DoF relative transformation between the current scan and the map. LCDNet is composed of a shared encoder, a place recognition head that extracts global descriptors, and a relative pose head that estimates the transformation between two point clouds. We introduce a novel relative pose head based on the unbalanced optimal transport theory that we implement in a differentiable manner to allow for end-to-end training. Extensive evaluations of LCDNet on multiple real-world autonomous driving datasets show that our approach outperforms state-of-the-art techniques by a large margin even while dealing with reverse loops. Moreover, we integrate our proposed loop closure detection approach into a LiDAR SLAM library to provide a complete mapping system and demonstrate the generalization ability using different sensor setup in an unseen city.      
### 85.Advances in Inference and Representation for Simultaneous Localization and Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.05041.pdf)
>  Simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) is the process of constructing a global model of an environment from local observations of it; this is a foundational capability for mobile robots, supporting such core functions as planning, navigation, and control. This article reviews recent progress in SLAM, focusing on advances in the expressive capacity of the environmental models used in SLAM systems (representation) and the performance of the algorithms used to estimate these models from data (inference). A prominent theme of recent SLAM research is the pursuit of environmental representations (including learned representations) that go beyond the classical attributes of geometry and appearance to model properties such as hierarchical organization, affordance, dynamics, and semantics; these advances equip autonomous agents with a more comprehensive understanding of the world, enabling more versatile and intelligent operation. A second major theme is a revitalized interest in the mathematical properties of the SLAM estimation problem itself (including its computational and information-theoretic performance limits); this work has led to the development of novel classes of certifiable and robust inference methods that dramatically improve the reliability of SLAM systems in real-world operation. We survey these advances with an emphasis on their ramifications for achieving robust, long-duration autonomy, and conclude with a discussion of open challenges and a perspective on future research directions.      
### 86.Deep learning-based super-resolution fluorescence microscopy on small datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.04989.pdf)
>  Fluorescence microscopy has enabled a dramatic development in modern biology by visualizing biological organisms with micrometer scale resolution. However, due to the diffraction limit, sub-micron/nanometer features are difficult to resolve. While various super-resolution techniques are developed to achieve nanometer-scale resolution, they often either require expensive optical setup or specialized fluorophores. In recent years, deep learning has shown the potentials to reduce the technical barrier and obtain super-resolution from diffraction-limited images. For accurate results, conventional deep learning techniques require thousands of images as a training dataset. Obtaining large datasets from biological samples is not often feasible due to the photobleaching of fluorophores, phototoxicity, and dynamic processes occurring within the organism. Therefore, achieving deep learning-based super-resolution using small datasets is challenging. We address this limitation with a new convolutional neural network-based approach that is successfully trained with small datasets and achieves super-resolution images. We captured 750 images in total from 15 different field-of-views as the training dataset to demonstrate the technique. In each FOV, a single target image is generated using the super-resolution radial fluctuation method. As expected, this small dataset failed to produce a usable model using traditional super-resolution architecture. However, using the new approach, a network can be trained to achieve super-resolution images from this small dataset. This deep learning model can be applied to other biomedical imaging modalities such as MRI and X-ray imaging, where obtaining large training datasets is challenging.      
