# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 12 Mar 2021
### 1.CoMoGAN: continuous model-guided image-to-image translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06879.pdf)
>  CoMoGAN is a continuous GAN relying on the unsupervised reorganization of the target data on a functional manifold. To that matter, we introduce a new Functional Instance Normalization layer and residual mechanism, which together disentangle image content from position on target manifold. We rely on naive physics-inspired models to guide the training while allowing private model/translations features. CoMoGAN can be used with any GAN backbone and allows new types of image translation, such as cyclic image translation like timelapse generation, or detached linear translation. On all datasets and metrics, it outperforms the literature. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/cv-rits/CoMoGAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> .      
### 2.Diverse Semantic Image Synthesis via Probability Distribution Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06878.pdf)
>  Semantic image synthesis, translating semantic layouts to photo-realistic images, is a one-to-many mapping problem. Though impressive progress has been recently made, diverse semantic synthesis that can efficiently produce semantic-level multimodal results, still remains a challenge. In this paper, we propose a novel diverse semantic image synthesis framework from the perspective of semantic class distributions, which naturally supports diverse generation at semantic or even instance level. We achieve this by modeling class-level conditional modulation parameters as continuous probability distributions instead of discrete values, and sampling per-instance modulation parameters through instance-adaptive stochastic sampling that is consistent across the network. Moreover, we propose prior noise remapping, through linear perturbation parameters encoded from paired references, to facilitate supervised training and exemplar-based instance style control at test time. Extensive experiments on multiple datasets show that our method can achieve superior diversity and comparable quality compared to state-of-the-art methods. Code will be available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tzt101/INADE.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 3.Fast and Accurate Model Scaling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06877.pdf)
>  In this work we analyze strategies for convolutional neural network scaling; that is, the process of scaling a base convolutional network to endow it with greater computational complexity and consequently representational power. Example scaling strategies may include increasing model width, depth, resolution, etc. While various scaling strategies exist, their tradeoffs are not fully understood. Existing analysis typically focuses on the interplay of accuracy and flops (floating point operations). Yet, as we demonstrate, various scaling strategies affect model parameters, activations, and consequently actual runtime quite differently. In our experiments we show the surprising result that numerous scaling strategies yield networks with similar accuracy but with widely varying properties. This leads us to propose a simple fast compound scaling strategy that encourages primarily scaling model width, while scaling depth and resolution to a lesser extent. Unlike currently popular scaling strategies, which result in about $O(s)$ increase in model activation w.r.t. scaling flops by a factor of $s$, the proposed fast compound scaling results in close to $O(\sqrt{s})$ increase in activations, while achieving excellent accuracy. This leads to comparable speedups on modern memory-limited hardware (e.g., GPU, TPU). More generally, we hope this work provides a framework for analyzing and selecting scaling strategies under various computational constraints.      
### 4.SMPLicit: Topology-aware Generative Model for Clothed People  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06871.pdf)
>  In this paper we introduce SMPLicit, a novel generative model to jointly represent body pose, shape and clothing geometry. In contrast to existing learning-based approaches that require training specific models for each type of garment, SMPLicit can represent in a unified manner different garment topologies (e.g. from sleeveless tops to hoodies and to open jackets), while controlling other properties like the garment size or tightness/looseness. We show our model to be applicable to a large variety of garments including T-shirts, hoodies, jackets, shorts, pants, skirts, shoes and even hair. The representation flexibility of SMPLicit builds upon an implicit model conditioned with the SMPL human body parameters and a learnable latent space which is semantically interpretable and aligned with the clothing attributes. The proposed model is fully differentiable, allowing for its use into larger end-to-end trainable systems. In the experimental section, we demonstrate SMPLicit can be readily used for fitting 3D scans and for 3D reconstruction in images of dressed people. In both cases we are able to go beyond state of the art, by retrieving complex garment geometries, handling situations with multiple clothing layers and providing a tool for easy outfit editing. To stimulate further research in this direction, we will make our code and model publicly available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.iri.upc.edu/people/ecorona/smplicit/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 5.Coming Down to Earth: Satellite-to-Street View Synthesis for Geo-Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06818.pdf)
>  The goal of cross-view image based geo-localization is to determine the location of a given street view image by matching it against a collection of geo-tagged satellite images. This task is notoriously challenging due to the drastic viewpoint and appearance differences between the two domains. We show that we can address this discrepancy explicitly by learning to synthesize realistic street views from satellite inputs. Following this observation, we propose a novel multi-task architecture in which image synthesis and retrieval are considered jointly. The rationale behind this is that we can bias our network to learn latent feature representations that are useful for retrieval if we utilize them to generate images across the two input domains. To the best of our knowledge, ours is the first approach that creates realistic street views from satellite images and localizes the corresponding query street-view simultaneously in an end-to-end manner. In our experiments, we obtain state-of-the-art performance on the CVUSA and CVACT benchmarks. Finally, we show compelling qualitative results for satellite-to-street view synthesis.      
### 6.Unknown Object Segmentation from Stereo Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06796.pdf)
>  Although instance-aware perception is a key prerequisite for many autonomous robotic applications, most of the methods only partially solve the problem by focusing solely on known object categories. However, for robots interacting in dynamic and cluttered environments, this is not realistic and severely limits the range of potential applications. Therefore, we propose a novel object instance segmentation approach that does not require any semantic or geometric information of the objects beforehand. In contrast to existing works, we do not explicitly use depth data as input, but rely on the insight that slight viewpoint changes, which for example are provided by stereo image pairs, are often sufficient to determine object boundaries and thus to segment objects. Focusing on the versatility of stereo sensors, we employ a transformer-based architecture that maps directly from the pair of input images to the object instances. This has the major advantage that instead of a noisy, and potentially incomplete depth map as an input, on which the segmentation is computed, we use the original image pair to infer the object instances and a dense depth map. In experiments in several different application domains, we show that our Instance Stereo Transformer (INSTR) algorithm outperforms current state-of-the-art methods that are based on depth maps. Training code and pretrained models will be made available.      
### 7.Automatic Social Distance Estimation From Images: Performance Evaluation, Test Benchmark, and Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06759.pdf)
>  The COVID-19 virus has caused a global pandemic since March 2020. The World Health Organization (WHO) has provided guidelines on how to reduce the spread of the virus and one of the most important measures is social distancing. Maintaining a minimum of one meter distance from other people is strongly suggested to reduce the risk of infection. This has created a strong interest in monitoring the social distances either as a safety measure or to study how the measures have affected human behavior and country-wise differences in this. The need for automatic social distance estimation algorithms is evident, but there is no suitable test benchmark for such algorithms. Collecting images with measured ground-truth pair-wise distances between all the people using different camera settings is cumbersome. Furthermore, performance evaluation for social distance estimation algorithms is not straightforward and there is no widely accepted evaluation protocol. In this paper, we provide a dataset of varying images with measured pair-wise social distances under different camera positionings and focal length values. We suggest a performance evaluation protocol and provide a benchmark to easily evaluate social distance estimation algorithms. We also propose a method for automatic social distance estimation. Our method takes advantage of object detection and human pose estimation. It can be applied on any single image as long as focal length and sensor size information are known. The results on our benchmark are encouraging with 92% human detection rate and only 28.9% average error in distance estimation among the detected people.      
### 8.ChallenCap: Monocular 3D Capture of Challenging Human Performances using Multi-Modal References  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06747.pdf)
>  Capturing challenging human motions is critical for numerous applications, but it suffers from complex motion patterns and severe self-occlusion under the monocular setting. In this paper, we propose ChallenCap -- a template-based approach to capture challenging 3D human motions using a single RGB camera in a novel learning-and-optimization framework, with the aid of multi-modal references. We propose a hybrid motion inference stage with a generation network, which utilizes a temporal encoder-decoder to extract the motion details from the pair-wise sparse-view reference, as well as a motion discriminator to utilize the unpaired marker-based references to extract specific challenging motion characteristics in a data-driven manner. We further adopt a robust motion optimization stage to increase the tracking accuracy, by jointly utilizing the learned motion details from the supervised multi-modal references as well as the reliable motion hints from the input image reference. Extensive experiments on our new challenging motion dataset demonstrate the effectiveness and robustness of our approach to capture challenging human motions.      
### 9.Duplex Contextual Relation Network for Polyp Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06725.pdf)
>  Polyp segmentation is of great importance in the early diagnosis and treatment of colorectal cancer. Since polyps vary in their shape, size, color, and texture, accurate polyp segmentation is very challenging. One promising way to mitigate the diversity of polyps is to model the contextual relation for each pixel such as using attention mechanism. However, previous methods only focus on learning the dependencies between the position within an individual image and ignore the contextual relation across different images. In this paper, we propose Duplex Contextual Relation Network (DCRNet) to capture both within-image and cross-image contextual relations. Specifically, we first design Interior Contextual-Relation Module to estimate the similarity between each position and all the positions within the same image. Then Exterior Contextual-Relation Module is incorporated to estimate the similarity between each position and the positions across different images. Based on the above two types of similarity, the feature at one position can be further enhanced by the contextual region embedding within and across images. To store the characteristic region embedding from all the images, a memory bank is designed and operates as a queue. Therefore, the proposed method can relate similar features even though they come from different images. We evaluate the proposed method on the EndoScene, Kvasir-SEG and the recently released large-scale PICCOLO dataset. Experimental results show that the proposed DCRNet outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in terms of the widely-used evaluation metrics.      
### 10.Temporal Action Segmentation from Timestamp Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06669.pdf)
>  Temporal action segmentation approaches have been very successful recently. However, annotating videos with frame-wise labels to train such models is very expensive and time consuming. While weakly supervised methods trained using only ordered action lists require much less annotation effort, the performance is still much worse than fully supervised approaches. In this paper, we introduce timestamp supervision for the temporal action segmentation task. Timestamps require a comparable annotation effort to weakly supervised approaches, and yet provide a more supervisory signal. To demonstrate the effectiveness of timestamp supervision, we propose an approach to train a segmentation model using only timestamps annotations. Our approach uses the model output and the annotated timestamps to generate frame-wise labels by detecting the action changes. We further introduce a confidence loss that forces the predicted probabilities to monotonically decrease as the distance to the timestamps increases. This ensures that all and not only the most distinctive frames of an action are learned during training. The evaluation on four datasets shows that models trained with timestamps annotations achieve comparable performance to the fully supervised approaches.      
### 11.Real-Time Surface Fitting to RGBD Sensor Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06644.pdf)
>  This article describes novel approaches to quickly estimate planar surfaces from RGBD sensor data. The approach manipulates the standard algebraic fitting equations into a form that allows many of the needed regression variables to be computed directly from the camera calibration information. As such, much of the computational burden required by a standard algebraic surface fit can be pre-computed. This provides a significant time and resource savings, especially when many surface fits are being performed which is often the case when RGBD point-cloud data is being analyzed for normal estimation, curvature estimation, polygonization or 3D segmentation applications. Using an integral image implementation, the proposed approaches show a significant increase in performance compared to the standard algebraic fitting approaches.      
### 12.Deep Graph Matching under Quadratic Constraint  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06643.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning based methods have demonstrated promising results on the graph matching problem, by relying on the descriptive capability of deep features extracted on graph nodes. However, one main limitation with existing deep graph matching (DGM) methods lies in their ignorance of explicit constraint of graph structures, which may lead the model to be trapped into local minimum in training. In this paper, we propose to explicitly formulate pairwise graph structures as a \textbf{quadratic constraint} incorporated into the DGM framework. The quadratic constraint minimizes the pairwise structural discrepancy between graphs, which can reduce the ambiguities brought by only using the extracted CNN features. <br>Moreover, we present a differentiable implementation to the quadratic constrained-optimization such that it is compatible with the unconstrained deep learning optimizer. To give more precise and proper supervision, a well-designed false matching loss against class imbalance is proposed, which can better penalize the false negatives and false positives with less overfitting. Exhaustive experiments demonstrate that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance on real-world datasets.      
### 13.Generalized Contrastive Optimization of Siamese Networks for Place Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06638.pdf)
>  Visual place recognition is a challenging task in computer vision and a key component of camera-based localization and navigation systems. Recently, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) achieved high results and good generalization capabilities. They are usually trained using pairs or triplets of images labeled as either similar or dissimilar, in a binary fashion. In practice, the similarity between two images is not binary, but rather continuous. Furthermore, training these CNNs is computationally complex and involves costly pair and triplet mining strategies. <br>We propose a Generalized Contrastive loss (GCL) function that relies on image similarity as a continuous measure, and use it to train a siamese CNN. Furthermore, we propose three techniques for automatic annotation of image pairs with labels indicating their degree of similarity, and deploy them to re-annotate the MSLS, TB-Places, and 7Scenes datasets. <br>We demonstrate that siamese CNNs trained using the GCL function and the improved annotations consistently outperform their binary counterparts. Our models trained on MSLS outperform the state-of-the-art methods, including NetVLAD, and generalize well on the Pittsburgh, TokyoTM and Tokyo 24/7 datasets. Furthermore, training a siamese network using the GCL function does not require complex pair mining. We release the source code at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/marialeyvallina/generalized_contrastive_loss" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.MagFace: A Universal Representation for Face Recognition and Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06627.pdf)
>  The performance of face recognition system degrades when the variability of the acquired faces increases. Prior work alleviates this issue by either monitoring the face quality in pre-processing or predicting the data uncertainty along with the face feature. This paper proposes MagFace, a category of losses that learn a universal feature embedding whose magnitude can measure the quality of the given face. Under the new loss, it can be proven that the magnitude of the feature embedding monotonically increases if the subject is more likely to be recognized. In addition, MagFace introduces an adaptive mechanism to learn a wellstructured within-class feature distributions by pulling easy samples to class centers while pushing hard samples away. This prevents models from overfitting on noisy low-quality samples and improves face recognition in the wild. Extensive experiments conducted on face recognition, quality assessments as well as clustering demonstrate its superiority over state-of-the-arts. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/IrvingMeng/MagFace" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.Privacy-preserving Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06587.pdf)
>  Privacy considerations and bias in datasets are quickly becoming high-priority issues that the computer vision community needs to face. So far, little attention has been given to practical solutions that do not involve collection of new datasets. In this work, we show that for object detection on COCO, both anonymizing the dataset by blurring faces, as well as swapping faces in a balanced manner along the gender and skin tone dimension, can retain object detection performances while preserving privacy and partially balancing bias.      
### 16.Preprint: Norm Loss: An efficient yet effective regularization method for deep neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06583.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural network training can suffer from diverse issues like exploding or vanishing gradients, scaling-based weight space symmetry and covariant-shift. In order to address these issues, researchers develop weight regularization methods and activation normalization methods. In this work we propose a weight soft-regularization method based on the Oblique manifold. The proposed method uses a loss function which pushes each weight vector to have a norm close to one, i.e. the weight matrix is smoothly steered toward the so-called Oblique manifold. We evaluate our method on the very popular CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and ImageNet 2012 datasets using two state-of-the-art architectures, namely the ResNet and wide-ResNet. Our method introduces negligible computational overhead and the results show that it is competitive to the state-of-the-art and in some cases superior to it. Additionally, the results are less sensitive to hyperparameter settings such as batch size and regularization factor.      
### 17.PointFlow: Flowing Semantics Through Points for Aerial Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06564.pdf)
>  Aerial Image Segmentation is a particular semantic segmentation problem and has several challenging characteristics that general semantic segmentation does not have. There are two critical issues: The one is an extremely foreground-background imbalanced distribution, and the other is multiple small objects along with the complex background. Such problems make the recent dense affinity context modeling perform poorly even compared with baselines due to over-introduced background context. To handle these problems, we propose a point-wise affinity propagation module based on the Feature Pyramid Network (FPN) framework, named PointFlow. Rather than dense affinity learning, a sparse affinity map is generated upon selected points between the adjacent features, which reduces the noise introduced by the background while keeping efficiency. In particular, we design a dual point matcher to select points from the salient area and object boundaries, respectively. Experimental results on three different aerial segmentation datasets suggest that the proposed method is more effective and efficient than state-of-the-art general semantic segmentation methods. Especially, our methods achieve the best speed and accuracy trade-off on three aerial benchmarks. Further experiments on three general semantic segmentation datasets prove the generality of our method. Code will be provided in (https: //github.com/lxtGH/PFSegNets).      
### 18.WenLan: Bridging Vision and Language by Large-Scale Multi-Modal Pre-Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06561.pdf)
>  Multi-modal pre-training models have been intensively explored to bridge vision and language in recent years. However, most of them explicitly model the cross-modal interaction between image-text pairs, by assuming that there exists strong semantic correlation between the text and image modalities. Since this strong assumption is often invalid in real-world scenarios, we choose to implicitly model the cross-modal correlation for large-scale multi-modal pre-training, which is the focus of the Chinese project `WenLan' led by our team. Specifically, with the weak correlation assumption over image-text pairs, we propose a two-tower pre-training model within the cross-modal contrastive learning (CMCL) framework. Unlike OpenAI CLIP that adopts a simple contrastive learning method, we devise a more advanced algorithm by adapting the latest method MoCo into the cross-modal scenario. By building a large queue-based dictionary, our CMCL can incorporate more negative samples in limited GPU resources. We further construct a large Chinese multi-source image-text dataset called RUC-CAS-WenLan for pre-training our CMCL model. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the pre-trained CMCL model outperforms both UNITER and OpenAI CLIP on various downstream tasks.      
### 19.PREPRINT: Comparison of deep learning and hand crafted features for mining simulation data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06552.pdf)
>  Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) simulations are a very important tool for many industrial applications, such as aerodynamic optimization of engineering designs like cars shapes, airplanes parts etc. The output of such simulations, in particular the calculated flow fields, are usually very complex and hard to interpret for realistic three-dimensional real-world applications, especially if time-dependent simulations are investigated. Automated data analysis methods are warranted but a non-trivial obstacle is given by the very large dimensionality of the data. A flow field typically consists of six measurement values for each point of the computational grid in 3D space and time (velocity vector values, turbulent kinetic energy, pressure and viscosity). In this paper we address the task of extracting meaningful results in an automated manner from such high dimensional data sets. We propose deep learning methods which are capable of processing such data and which can be trained to solve relevant tasks on simulation data, i.e. predicting drag and lift forces applied on an airfoil. We also propose an adaptation of the classical hand crafted features known from computer vision to address the same problem and compare a large variety of descriptors and detectors. Finally, we compile a large dataset of 2D simulations of the flow field around airfoils which contains 16000 flow fields with which we tested and compared approaches. Our results show that the deep learning-based methods, as well as hand crafted feature based approaches, are well-capable to accurately describe the content of the CFD simulation output on the proposed dataset.      
### 20.Integrated Age Estimation Mechanism  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06546.pdf)
>  Machine-learning-based age estimation has received lots of attention. Traditional age estimation mechanism focuses estimation age error, but ignores that there is a deviation between the estimated age and real age due to disease. Pathological age estimation mechanism the author proposed before introduces age deviation to solve the above problem and improves classification capability of the estimated age significantly. However,it does not consider the age estimation error of the normal control (NC) group and results in a larger error between the estimated age and real age of NC group. Therefore, an integrated age estimation mechanism based on Decision-Level fusion of error and deviation orientation model is proposed to solve the problem.Firstly, the traditional age estimation and pathological age estimation mechanisms are weighted together.Secondly, their optimal weights are obtained by minimizing mean absolute error (MAE) between the estimated age and real age of normal people. In the experimental section, several representative age-related datasets are used for verification of the proposed method. The results show that the proposed age estimation mechanism achieves a good tradeoff effect of age estimation. It not only improves the classification ability of the estimated age, but also reduces the age estimation error of the NC group. In general, the proposed age estimation mechanism is effective. Additionally, the mechanism is a framework mechanism that can be used to construct different specific age estimation algorithms, contributing to relevant research.      
### 21.Affect2MM: Affective Analysis of Multimedia Content Using Emotion Causality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06541.pdf)
>  We present Affect2MM, a learning method for time-series emotion prediction for multimedia content. Our goal is to automatically capture the varying emotions depicted by characters in real-life human-centric situations and behaviors. We use the ideas from emotion causation theories to computationally model and determine the emotional state evoked in clips of movies. Affect2MM explicitly models the temporal causality using attention-based methods and Granger causality. We use a variety of components like facial features of actors involved, scene understanding, visual aesthetics, action/situation description, and movie script to obtain an affective-rich representation to understand and perceive the scene. We use an LSTM-based learning model for emotion perception. To evaluate our method, we analyze and compare our performance on three datasets, SENDv1, MovieGraphs, and the LIRIS-ACCEDE dataset, and observe an average of 10-15% increase in the performance over SOTA methods for all three datasets.      
### 22.Calibrated and Partially Calibrated Semi-Generalized Homographies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06535.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose the first minimal solutions for estimating the semi-generalized homography given a perspective and a generalized camera. The proposed solvers use five 2D-2D image point correspondences induced by a scene plane. One of them assumes the perspective camera to be fully calibrated, while the other solver estimates the unknown focal length together with the absolute pose parameters. This setup is particularly important in structure-from-motion and image-based localization pipelines, where a new camera is localized in each step with respect to a set of known cameras and 2D-3D correspondences might not be available. As a consequence of a clever parametrization and the elimination ideal method, our approach only needs to solve a univariate polynomial of degree five or three. The proposed solvers are stable and efficient as demonstrated by a number of synthetic and real-world experiments.      
### 23.Triple-cooperative Video Shadow Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06533.pdf)
>  Shadow detection in a single image has received significant research interest in recent years. However, much fewer works have been explored in shadow detection over dynamic scenes. The bottleneck is the lack of a well-established dataset with high-quality annotations for video shadow detection. In this work, we collect a new video shadow detection dataset, which contains 120 videos with 11, 685 frames, covering 60 object categories, varying lengths, and different motion/lighting conditions. All the frames are annotated with a high-quality pixel-level shadow mask. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first learning-oriented dataset for video shadow detection. Furthermore, we develop a new baseline model, named triple-cooperative video shadow detection network (TVSD-Net). It utilizes triple parallel networks in a cooperative manner to learn discriminative representations at intra-video and inter-video levels. Within the network, a dual gated co-attention module is proposed to constrain features from neighboring frames in the same video, while an auxiliary similarity loss is introduced to mine semantic information between different videos. Finally, we conduct a comprehensive study on ViSha, evaluating 12 state-of-the-art models (including single image shadow detectors, video object segmentation, and saliency detection methods). Experiments demonstrate that our model outperforms SOTA competitors.      
### 24.DualPoseNet: Category-level 6D Object Pose and Size Estimation using Dual Pose Network with Refined Learning of Pose Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06526.pdf)
>  Category-level 6D object pose and size estimation is to predict 9 degrees-of-freedom (9DoF) pose configurations of rotation, translation, and size for object instances observed in single, arbitrary views of cluttered scenes. It extends previous related tasks with learning of the two additional rotation angles. This seemingly small difference poses technical challenges due to the learning and prediction in the full rotation space of SO(3). In this paper, we propose a new method of Dual Pose Network with refined learning of pose consistency for this task, shortened as DualPoseNet. DualPoseNet stacks two parallel pose decoders on top of a shared pose encoder, where the implicit decoder predicts object poses with a working mechanism different from that of the explicit one; they thus impose complementary supervision on the training of pose encoder. We construct the encoder based on spherical convolutions, and design a module of Spherical Fusion wherein for a better embedding of pose-sensitive features from the appearance and shape observations. Given no the testing CAD models, it is the novel introduction of the implicit decoder that enables the refined pose prediction during testing, by enforcing the predicted pose consistency between the two decoders using a self-adaptive loss term. Thorough experiments on the benchmark 9DoF object pose datasets of CAMERA25 and REAL275 confirm efficacy of our designs. DualPoseNet outperforms existing methods with a large margin in the regime of high precision.      
### 25.Instance Segmentation GNNs for One-Shot Conformal Tracking at the LHC  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06509.pdf)
>  3D instance segmentation remains a challenging problem in computer vision. Particle tracking at colliders like the LHC can be conceptualized as an instance segmentation task: beginning from a point cloud of hits in a particle detector, an algorithm must identify which hits belong to individual particle trajectories and extract track properties. Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) have shown promising performance on standard instance segmentation tasks. In this work we demonstrate the applicability of instance segmentation GNN architectures to particle tracking; moreover, we re-imagine the traditional Cartesian space approach to track-finding and instead work in a conformal geometry that allows the GNN to identify tracks and extract parameters in a single shot.      
### 26.Level-aware Haze Image Synthesis by Self-Supervised Content-Style Disentanglement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06501.pdf)
>  The key procedure of haze image translation through adversarial training lies in the disentanglement between the feature only involved in haze synthesis, i.e.style feature, and the feature representing the invariant semantic content, i.e. content feature. Previous methods separate content feature apart by utilizing it to classify haze image during the training process. However, in this paper we recognize the incompleteness of the content-style disentanglement in such technical routine. The flawed style feature entangled with content information inevitably leads the ill-rendering of the haze images. To address, we propose a self-supervised style regression via stochastic linear interpolation to reduce the content information in style feature. The ablative experiments demonstrate the disentangling completeness and its superiority in level-aware haze image synthesis. Moreover, the generated haze data are applied in the testing generalization of vehicle detectors. Further study between haze-level and detection performance shows that haze has obvious impact on the generalization of the vehicle detectors and such performance degrading level is linearly correlated to the haze-level, which, in turn, validates the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 27.3D Human Pose, Shape and Texture from Low-Resolution Images and Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06498.pdf)
>  3D human pose and shape estimation from monocular images has been an active research area in computer vision. Existing deep learning methods for this task rely on high-resolution input, which however, is not always available in many scenarios such as video surveillance and sports broadcasting. Two common approaches to deal with low-resolution images are applying super-resolution techniques to the input, which may result in unpleasant artifacts, or simply training one model for each resolution, which is impractical in many realistic applications. <br>To address the above issues, this paper proposes a novel algorithm called RSC-Net, which consists of a Resolution-aware network, a Self-supervision loss, and a Contrastive learning scheme. The proposed method is able to learn 3D body pose and shape across different resolutions with one single model. The self-supervision loss enforces scale-consistency of the output, and the contrastive learning scheme enforces scale-consistency of the deep features. We show that both these new losses provide robustness when learning in a weakly-supervised manner. Moreover, we extend the RSC-Net to handle low-resolution videos and apply it to reconstruct textured 3D pedestrians from low-resolution input. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the RSC-Net can achieve consistently better results than the state-of-the-art methods for challenging low-resolution images.      
### 28.Read Like Humans: Autonomous, Bidirectional and Iterative Language Modeling for Scene Text Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06495.pdf)
>  Linguistic knowledge is of great benefit to scene text recognition. However, how to effectively model linguistic rules in end-to-end deep networks remains a research challenge. In this paper, we argue that the limited capacity of language models comes from: 1) implicitly language modeling; 2) unidirectional feature representation; and 3) language model with noise input. Correspondingly, we propose an autonomous, bidirectional and iterative ABINet for scene text recognition. Firstly, the autonomous suggests to block gradient flow between vision and language models to enforce explicitly language modeling. Secondly, a novel bidirectional cloze network (BCN) as the language model is proposed based on bidirectional feature representation. Thirdly, we propose an execution manner of iterative correction for language model which can effectively alleviate the impact of noise input. Additionally, based on the ensemble of iterative predictions, we propose a self-training method which can learn from unlabeled images effectively. Extensive experiments indicate that ABINet has superiority on low-quality images and achieves state-of-the-art results on several mainstream benchmarks. Besides, the ABINet trained with ensemble self-training shows promising improvement in realizing human-level recognition. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/FangShancheng/ABINet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.DAFAR: Detecting Adversaries by Feedback-Autoencoder Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06487.pdf)
>  Deep learning has shown impressive performance on challenging perceptual tasks. However, researchers found deep neural networks vulnerable to adversarial examples. Since then, many methods are proposed to defend against or detect adversarial examples, but they are either attack-dependent or shown to be ineffective with new attacks. <br>We propose DAFAR, a feedback framework that allows deep learning models to detect adversarial examples in high accuracy and universality. DAFAR has a relatively simple structure, which contains a target network, a plug-in feedback network and an autoencoder-based detector. The key idea is to capture the high-level features extracted by the target network, and then reconstruct the input using the feedback network. These two parts constitute a feedback autoencoder. It transforms the imperceptible-perturbation attack on the target network directly into obvious reconstruction-error attack on the feedback autoencoder. Finally the detector gives an anomaly score and determines whether the input is adversarial according to the reconstruction errors. Experiments are conducted on MNIST and CIFAR-10 data-sets. Experimental results show that DAFAR is effective against popular and arguably most advanced attacks without losing performance on legitimate samples, with high accuracy and universality across attack methods and parameters.      
### 30.Pavement Distress Detection and Segmentation using YOLOv4 and DeepLabv3 on Pavements in the Philippines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06467.pdf)
>  Road transport infrastructure is critical for safe, fast, economical, and reliable mobility within the whole country that is conducive to a productive society. However, roads tend to deteriorate over time due to natural causes in the environment and repeated traffic loads. Pavement Distress (PD) detection is essential in monitoring the current conditions of the public roads to enable targeted rehabilitation and preventive maintenance. Nonetheless, distress detection surveys are still done via manual inspection for developing countries such as the Philippines. This study proposed the use of deep learning for two ways of recording pavement distresses from 2D RGB images - detection and segmentation. YOLOv4 is used for pavement distress detection while DeepLabv3 is employed for pavement distress segmentation on a small dataset of pavement images in the Philippines. This study aims to provide a basis to potentially spark solutions in building a cheap, scalable, and automated end-to-end solution for PD detection in the country.      
### 31.Full Page Handwriting Recognition via Image to Sequence Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06450.pdf)
>  We present a Neural Network based Handwritten Text Recognition (HTR) model architecture that can be trained to recognize full pages of handwritten or printed text without image segmentation. Being based on an Image to Sequence architecture, it can be trained to extract text present in an image and sequence it correctly without imposing any constraints on language, shape of characters or orientation and layout of text and non-text. The model can also be trained to generate auxiliary markup related to formatting, layout and content. We use character level token vocabulary, thereby supporting proper nouns and terminology of any subject. The model achieves a new state-of-art in full page recognition on the IAM dataset and when evaluated on scans of real world handwritten free form test answers - a dataset beset with curved and slanted lines, drawings, tables, math, chemistry and other symbols - it performs better than all commercially available HTR APIs. It is deployed in production as part of a commercial web application.      
### 32.Robust 2D/3D Vehicle Parsing in CVIS  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06432.pdf)
>  We present a novel approach to robustly detect and perceive vehicles in different camera views as part of a cooperative vehicle-infrastructure system (CVIS). Our formulation is designed for arbitrary camera views and makes no assumptions about intrinsic or extrinsic parameters. First, to deal with multi-view data scarcity, we propose a part-assisted novel view synthesis algorithm for data augmentation. We train a part-based texture inpainting network in a self-supervised manner. Then we render the textured model into the background image with the target 6-DoF pose. Second, to handle various camera parameters, we present a new method that produces dense mappings between image pixels and 3D points to perform robust 2D/3D vehicle parsing. Third, we build the first CVIS dataset for benchmarking, which annotates more than 1540 images (14017 instances) from real-world traffic scenarios. We combine these novel algorithms and datasets to develop a robust approach for 2D/3D vehicle parsing for CVIS. In practice, our approach outperforms SOTA methods on 2D detection, instance segmentation, and 6-DoF pose estimation, by 4.5%, 4.3%, and 2.9%, respectively. More details and results are included in the supplement. To facilitate future research, we will release the source code and the dataset on GitHub.      
### 33.Holistic 3D Scene Understanding from a Single Image with Implicit Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06422.pdf)
>  We present a new pipeline for holistic 3D scene understanding from a single image, which could predict object shape, object pose, and scene layout. As it is a highly ill-posed problem, existing methods usually suffer from inaccurate estimation of both shapes and layout especially for the cluttered scene due to the heavy occlusion between objects. We propose to utilize the latest deep implicit representation to solve this challenge. We not only propose an image-based local structured implicit network to improve the object shape estimation, but also refine 3D object pose and scene layout via a novel implicit scene graph neural network that exploits the implicit local object features. A novel physical violation loss is also proposed to avoid incorrect context between objects. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in terms of object shape, scene layout estimation, and 3D object detection.      
### 34.Structure-From-Motion and RGBD Depth Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06366.pdf)
>  This article describes a technique to augment a typical RGBD sensor by integrating depth estimates obtained via Structure-from-Motion (SfM) with sensor depth measurements. Limitations in the RGBD depth sensing technology prevent capturing depth measurements in four important contexts: (1) distant surfaces (&gt;5m), (2) dark surfaces, (3) brightly lit indoor scenes and (4) sunlit outdoor scenes. SfM technology computes depth via multi-view reconstruction from the RGB image sequence alone. As such, SfM depth estimates do not suffer the same limitations and may be computed in all four of the previously listed circumstances. This work describes a novel fusion of RGBD depth data and SfM-estimated depths to generate an improved depth stream that may be processed by one of many important downstream applications such as robotic localization and mapping, as well as object recognition and tracking.      
### 35.Continual Semantic Segmentation via Repulsion-Attraction of Sparse and Disentangled Latent Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06342.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks suffer from the major limitation of catastrophic forgetting old tasks when learning new ones. In this paper we focus on class incremental continual learning in semantic segmentation, where new categories are made available over time while previous training data is not retained. The proposed continual learning scheme shapes the latent space to reduce forgetting whilst improving the recognition of novel classes. Our framework is driven by three novel components which we also combine on top of existing techniques effortlessly. First, prototypes matching enforces latent space consistency on old classes, constraining the encoder to produce similar latent representation for previously seen classes in the subsequent steps. Second, features sparsification allows to make room in the latent space to accommodate novel classes. Finally, contrastive learning is employed to cluster features according to their semantics while tearing apart those of different classes. Extensive evaluation on the Pascal VOC2012 and ADE20K datasets demonstrates the effectiveness of our approach, significantly outperforming state-of-the-art methods.      
### 36.Face Images as Jigsaw Puzzles: Compositional Perception of Human Faces for Machines Using Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06331.pdf)
>  An important goal in human-robot-interaction (HRI) is for machines to achieve a close to human level of face perception. One of the important differences between machine learning and human intelligence is the lack of compositionality. This paper introduces a new scheme to enable generative adversarial networks to learn the distribution of face images composed of smaller parts. This results in a more flexible machine face perception and easier generalization to outside training examples. We demonstrate that this model is able to produce realistic high-quality face images by generating and piecing together the parts. Additionally, we demonstrate that this model learns the relations between the facial parts and their distributions. Therefore, the specific facial parts are interchangeable between generated face images.      
### 37.Fast Hyperspectral Image Denoising and Inpainting Based on Low-Rank and Sparse Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06842.pdf)
>  This paper introduces two very fast and competitive hyperspectral image (HSI) restoration algorithms: fast hyperspectral denoising (FastHyDe), a denoising algorithm able to cope with Gaussian and Poissonian noise, and fast hyperspectral inpainting (FastHyIn), an inpainting algorithm to restore HSIs where some observations from known pixels in some known bands are missing. FastHyDe and FastHyIn fully exploit extremely compact and sparse HSI representations linked with their low-rank and self-similarity characteristics. In a series of experiments with simulated and real data, the newly introduced FastHyDe and FastHyIn compete with the state-of-the-art methods, with much lower computational complexity.      
### 38.Intraclass clustering: an implicit learning ability that regularizes DNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06733.pdf)
>  Several works have shown that the regularization mechanisms underlying deep neural networks' generalization performances are still poorly understood. In this paper, we hypothesize that deep neural networks are regularized through their ability to extract meaningful clusters among the samples of a class. This constitutes an implicit form of regularization, as no explicit training mechanisms or supervision target such behaviour. To support our hypothesis, we design four different measures of intraclass clustering, based on the neuron- and layer-level representations of the training data. We then show that these measures constitute accurate predictors of generalization performance across variations of a large set of hyperparameters (learning rate, batch size, optimizer, weight decay, dropout rate, data augmentation, network depth and width).      
### 39.An unsupervised deep learning framework for medical image denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06575.pdf)
>  Medical image acquisition is often intervented by unwanted noise that corrupts the information content. This paper introduces an unsupervised medical image denoising technique that learns noise characteristics from the available images and constructs denoised images. It comprises of two blocks of data processing, viz., patch-based dictionaries that indirectly learn the noise and residual learning (RL) that directly learns the noise. The model is generalized to account for both 2D and 3D images considering different medical imaging instruments. The images are considered one-by-one from the stack of MRI/CT images as well as the entire stack is considered, and decomposed into overlapping image/volume patches. These patches are given to the patch-based dictionary learning to learn noise characteristics via sparse representation while given to the RL part to directly learn the noise properties. K-singular value decomposition (K-SVD) algorithm for sparse representation is used for training patch-based dictionaries. On the other hand, residue in the patches is trained using the proposed deep residue network. Iterating on these two parts, an optimum noise characterization for each image/volume patch is captured and in turn it is subtracted from the available respective image/volume patch. The obtained denoised image/volume patches are finally assembled to a denoised image or 3D stack. We provide an analysis of the proposed approach with other approaches. Experiments on MRI/CT datasets are run on a GPU-based supercomputer and the comparative results show that the proposed algorithm preserves the critical information in the images as well as improves the visual quality of the images.      
### 40.A learning-based view extrapolation method for axial super-resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06510.pdf)
>  Axial light field resolution refers to the ability to distinguish features at different depths by refocusing. The axial refocusing precision corresponds to the minimum distance in the axial direction between two distinguishable refocusing planes. High refocusing precision can be essential for some light field applications like microscopy. In this paper, we propose a learning-based method to extrapolate novel views from axial volumes of sheared epipolar plane images (EPIs). As extended numerical aperture (NA) in classical imaging, the extrapolated light field gives re-focused images with a shallower depth of field (DOF), leading to more accurate refocusing results. Most importantly, the proposed approach does not need accurate depth estimation. Experimental results with both synthetic and real light fields show that the method not only works well for light fields with small baselines as those captured by plenoptic cameras (especially for the plenoptic 1.0 cameras), but also applies to light fields with larger baselines.      
### 41.Emerging Paradigms of Neural Network Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06460.pdf)
>  Over-parameterization of neural networks benefits the optimization and generalization yet brings cost in practice. Pruning is adopted as a post-processing solution to this problem, which aims to remove unnecessary parameters in a neural network with little performance compromised. It has been broadly believed the resulted sparse neural network cannot be trained from scratch to comparable accuracy. However, several recent works (e.g., [Frankle and Carbin, 2019a]) challenge this belief by discovering random sparse networks which can be trained to match the performance with their dense counterpart. This new pruning paradigm later inspires more new methods of pruning at initialization. In spite of the encouraging progress, how to coordinate these new pruning fashions with the traditional pruning has not been explored yet. This survey seeks to bridge the gap by proposing a general pruning framework so that the emerging pruning paradigms can be accommodated well with the traditional one. With it, we systematically reflect the major differences and new insights brought by these new pruning fashions, with representative works discussed at length. Finally, we summarize the open questions as worthy future directions.      
### 42.Where is your place, Visual Place Recognition?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06443.pdf)
>  Visual Place Recognition (VPR) is often characterized as being able to recognize the same place despite significant changes in appearance and viewpoint. VPR is a key component of Spatial Artificial Intelligence, enabling robotic platforms and intelligent augmentation platforms such as augmented reality devices to perceive and understand the physical world. In this paper, we observe that there are three "drivers" that impose requirements on spatially intelligent agents and thus VPR systems: 1) the particular agent including its sensors and computational resources, 2) the operating environment of this agent, and 3) the specific task that the artificial agent carries out. In this paper, we characterize and survey key works in the VPR area considering those drivers, including their place representation and place matching choices. We also provide a new definition of VPR based on the visual overlap -- akin to spatial view cells in the brain -- that enables us to find similarities and differences to other research areas in the robotics and computer vision fields. We identify numerous open challenges and suggest areas that require more in-depth attention in future works.      
### 43.SAR-U-Net: squeeze-and-excitation block and atrous spatial pyramid pooling based residual U-Net for automatic liver CT segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06419.pdf)
>  Background and objective: In this paper, a modified U-Net based framework is presented, which leverages techniques from Squeeze-and-Excitation (SE) block, Atrous Spatial Pyramid Pooling (ASPP) and residual learning for accurate and robust liver CT segmentation, and the effectiveness of the proposed method was tested on two public datasets LiTS17 and SLiver07. <br>Methods: A new network architecture called SAR-U-Net was designed. Firstly, the SE block is introduced to adaptively extract image features after each convolution in the U-Net encoder, while suppressing irrelevant regions, and highlighting features of specific segmentation task; Secondly, ASPP was employed to replace the transition layer and the output layer, and acquire multi-scale image information via different receptive fields. Thirdly, to alleviate the degradation problem, the traditional convolution block was replaced with the residual block and thus prompt the network to gain accuracy from considerably increased depth. <br>Results: In the LiTS17 experiment, the mean values of Dice, VOE, RVD, ASD and MSD were 95.71, 9.52, -0.84, 1.54 and 29.14, respectively. Compared with other closely related 2D-based models, the proposed method achieved the highest accuracy. In the experiment of the SLiver07, the mean values of Dice, VOE, RVD, ASD and MSD were 97.31, 5.37, -1.08, 1.85 and 27.45, respectively. Compared with other closely related models, the proposed method achieved the highest segmentation accuracy except for the RVD. <br>Conclusion: The proposed model enables a great improvement on the accuracy compared to 2D-based models, and its robustness in circumvent challenging problems, such as small liver regions, discontinuous liver regions, and fuzzy liver boundaries, is also well demonstrated and validated.      
### 44.3D Head-Position Prediction in First-Person View by Considering Head Pose for Human-Robot Eye Contact  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06417.pdf)
>  For a humanoid robot to make eye contact to initiate communication with a human, it is necessary to estimate the human's head position.However, eye contact becomes difficult due to the mechanical delay of the robot while the subject with whom the robot is interacting with is moving. Owing to these issues, it is important to perform head-position prediction to mitigate the effect of the delay in the robot's motion. Based on the fact that humans turn their heads before changing direction while walking, we hypothesized that the accuracy of three-dimensional(3D) head-position prediction from the first-person view can be improved by considering the head pose into account.We compared our method with the conventional Kalman filter-based method, and found our method to be more accurate. The experimental results show that considering the head pose helps improve the accuracy of 3D head-position prediction.      
### 45.A Vision Based Deep Reinforcement Learning Algorithm for UAV Obstacle Avoidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06403.pdf)
>  Integration of reinforcement learning with unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) to achieve autonomous flight has been an active research area in recent years. An important part focuses on obstacle detection and avoidance for UAVs navigating through an environment. Exploration in an unseen environment can be tackled with Deep Q-Network (DQN). However, value exploration with uniform sampling of actions may lead to redundant states, where often the environments inherently bear sparse rewards. To resolve this, we present two techniques for improving exploration for UAV obstacle avoidance. The first is a convergence-based approach that uses convergence error to iterate through unexplored actions and temporal threshold to balance exploration and exploitation. The second is a guidance-based approach using a Domain Network which uses a Gaussian mixture distribution to compare previously seen states to a predicted next state in order to select the next action. Performance and evaluation of these approaches were implemented in multiple 3-D simulation environments, with variation in complexity. The proposed approach demonstrates a two-fold improvement in average rewards compared to state of the art.      
### 46.Automated liver tissues delineation based on machine learning techniques: A survey, current trends and future orientations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06384.pdf)
>  There is no denying how machine learning and computer vision have grown in the recent years. Their highest advantages lie within their automation, suitability, and ability to generate astounding results in a matter of seconds in a reproducible manner. This is aided by the ubiquitous advancements reached in the computing capabilities of current graphical processing units and the highly efficient implementation of such techniques. Hence, in this paper, we survey the key studies that are published between 2014 and 2020, showcasing the different machine learning algorithms researchers have used to segment the liver, hepatic-tumors, and hepatic-vasculature structures. We divide the surveyed studies based on the tissue of interest (hepatic-parenchyma, hepatic-tumors, or hepatic-vessels), highlighting the studies that tackle more than one task simultaneously. Additionally, the machine learning algorithms are classified as either supervised or unsupervised, and further partitioned if the amount of works that fall under a certain scheme is significant. Moreover, different datasets and challenges found in literature and websites, containing masks of the aforementioned tissues, are thoroughly discussed, highlighting the organizers original contributions, and those of other researchers. Also, the metrics that are used excessively in literature are mentioned in our review stressing their relevancy to the task at hand. Finally, critical challenges and future directions are emphasized for innovative researchers to tackle, exposing gaps that need addressing such as the scarcity of many studies on the vessels segmentation challenge, and why their absence needs to be dealt with in an accelerated manner.      
### 47.A Computed Tomography Vertebral Segmentation Dataset with Anatomical Variations and Multi-Vendor Scanner Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06360.pdf)
>  With the advent of deep learning algorithms, fully automated radiological image analysis is within reach. In spine imaging, several atlas- and shape-based as well as deep learning segmentation algorithms have been proposed, allowing for subsequent automated analysis of morphology and pathology. The first Large Scale Vertebrae Segmentation Challenge (VerSe 2019) showed that these perform well on normal anatomy, but fail in variants not frequently present in the training dataset. Building on that experience, we report on the largely increased VerSe 2020 dataset and results from the second iteration of the VerSe challenge (MICCAI 2020, Lima, Peru). VerSe 2020 comprises annotated spine computed tomography (CT) images from 300 subjects with 4142 fully visualized and annotated vertebrae, collected across multiple centres from four different scanner manufacturers, enriched with cases that exhibit anatomical variants such as enumeration abnormalities (n=77) and transitional vertebrae (n=161). Metadata includes vertebral labelling information, voxel-level segmentation masks obtained with a human-machine hybrid algorithm and anatomical ratings, to enable the development and benchmarking of robust and accurate segmentation algorithms.      
### 48.Enhancing VMAF through New Feature Integration and Model Combination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06338.pdf)
>  VMAF is a machine learning based video quality assessment method, originally designed for streaming applications, which combines multiple quality metrics and video features through SVM regression. It offers higher correlation with subjective opinions compared to many conventional quality assessment methods. In this paper we propose enhancements to VMAF through the integration of new video features and alternative quality metrics (selected from a diverse pool) alongside multiple model combination. The proposed combination approach enables training on multiple databases with varying content and distortion characteristics. Our enhanced VMAF method has been evaluated on eight HD video databases, and consistently outperforms the original VMAF model (0.6.1) and other benchmark quality metrics, exhibiting higher correlation with subjective ground truth data.      
### 49.What is Multimodality?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06304.pdf)
>  The last years have shown rapid developments in the field of multimodal machine learning, combining e.g., vision, text or speech. In this position paper we explain how the field uses outdated definitions of multimodality that prove unfit for the machine learning era. We propose a new task-relative definition of (multi)modality in the context of multimodal machine learning that focuses on representations and information that are relevant for a given machine learning task. With our new definition of multimodality we aim to provide a missing foundation for multimodal research, an important component of language grounding and a crucial milestone towards NLU.      
### 50.Super-Resolving Beyond Satellite Hardware Using Realistically Degraded Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06270.pdf)
>  Modern deep Super-Resolution (SR) networks have established themselves as valuable techniques in image reconstruction and enhancement. However, these networks are normally trained and tested on benchmark image data that lacks the typical image degrading noise present in real images. In this paper, we test the feasibility of using deep SR in real remote sensing payloads by assessing SR performance in reconstructing realistically degraded satellite images. We demonstrate that a state-of-the-art SR technique called Enhanced Deep Super-Resolution Network (EDSR), without domain specific pre-training, can recover encoded pixel data on images with poor ground sampling distance, provided the ground resolved distance is sufficient. However, this recovery varies amongst selected geographical types. Our results indicate that custom training has potential to further improve reconstruction of overhead imagery, and that new satellite hardware should prioritise optical performance over minimising pixel size as deep SR can overcome a lack of the latter but not the former.      
