# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 23 Mar 2021
### 1.SSD: A Unified Framework for Self-Supervised Outlier Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12051.pdf)
>  We ask the following question: what training information is required to design an effective outlier/out-of-distribution (OOD) detector, i.e., detecting samples that lie far away from the training distribution? Since unlabeled data is easily accessible for many applications, the most compelling approach is to develop detectors based on only unlabeled in-distribution data. However, we observe that most existing detectors based on unlabeled data perform poorly, often equivalent to a random prediction. In contrast, existing state-of-the-art OOD detectors achieve impressive performance but require access to fine-grained data labels for supervised training. We propose SSD, an outlier detector based on only unlabeled in-distribution data. We use self-supervised representation learning followed by a Mahalanobis distance based detection in the feature space. We demonstrate that SSD outperforms most existing detectors based on unlabeled data by a large margin. Additionally, SSD even achieves performance on par, and sometimes even better, with supervised training based detectors. Finally, we expand our detection framework with two key extensions. First, we formulate few-shot OOD detection, in which the detector has access to only one to five samples from each class of the targeted OOD dataset. Second, we extend our framework to incorporate training data labels, if available. We find that our novel detection framework based on SSD displays enhanced performance with these extensions, and achieves state-of-the-art performance. Our code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/inspire-group/SSD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.LaneAF: Robust Multi-Lane Detection with Affinity Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12040.pdf)
>  This study presents an approach to lane detection involving the prediction of binary segmentation masks and per-pixel affinity fields. These affinity fields, along with the binary masks, can then be used to cluster lane pixels horizontally and vertically into corresponding lane instances in a post-processing step. This clustering is achieved through a simple row-by-row decoding process with little overhead; such an approach allows LaneAF to detect a variable number of lanes without assuming a fixed or maximum number of lanes. Moreover, this form of clustering is more interpretable in comparison to previous visual clustering approaches, and can be analyzed to identify and correct sources of error. Qualitative and quantitative results obtained on popular lane detection datasets demonstrate the model's ability to detect and cluster lanes effectively and robustly. Our proposed approach performs on par with state-of-the-art approaches on the limited TuSimple benchmark, and sets a new state-of-the-art on the challenging CULane dataset.      
### 3.Tangent Space Backpropogation for 3D Transformation Groups  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12032.pdf)
>  We address the problem of performing backpropagation for computation graphs involving 3D transformation groups $SO(3)$, $SE(3)$, and $Sim(3)$. 3D transformation groups are widely used in 3D vision and robotics, but they do not form vector spaces and instead lie on smooth manifolds. The standard backpropagation approach, which embeds 3D transformations in Euclidean spaces, suffers from numerical difficulties. We introduce a new approach, which exploits the group structure of 3D transformations and performs backpropagation in the tangent spaces of manifolds. We show that our approach is numerically more stable, easier to implement, and beneficial to a diverse set of tasks. Our plug-and-play PyTorch library is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/princeton-vl/lietorch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.Prioritized Architecture Sampling with Monto-Carlo Tree Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11922.pdf)
>  One-shot neural architecture search (NAS) methods significantly reduce the search cost by considering the whole search space as one network, which only needs to be trained once. However, current methods select each operation independently without considering previous layers. Besides, the historical information obtained with huge computation cost is usually used only once and then discarded. In this paper, we introduce a sampling strategy based on Monte Carlo tree search (MCTS) with the search space modeled as a Monte Carlo tree (MCT), which captures the dependency among layers. Furthermore, intermediate results are stored in the MCT for the future decision and a better exploration-exploitation balance. Concretely, MCT is updated using the training loss as a reward to the architecture performance; for accurately evaluating the numerous nodes, we propose node communication and hierarchical node selection methods in the training and search stages, respectively, which make better uses of the operation rewards and hierarchical information. Moreover, for a fair comparison of different NAS methods, we construct an open-source NAS benchmark of a macro search space evaluated on CIFAR-10, namely NAS-Bench-Macro. Extensive experiments on NAS-Bench-Macro and ImageNet demonstrate that our method significantly improves search efficiency and performance. For example, by only searching $20$ architectures, our obtained architecture achieves $78.0\%$ top-1 accuracy with 442M FLOPs on ImageNet. Code (Benchmark) is available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xiusu/NAS-Bench-Macro" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 5.Retrieve Fast, Rerank Smart: Cooperative and Joint Approaches for Improved Cross-Modal Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11920.pdf)
>  Current state-of-the-art approaches to cross-modal retrieval process text and visual input jointly, relying on Transformer-based architectures with cross-attention mechanisms that attend over all words and objects in an image. While offering unmatched retrieval performance, such models: 1) are typically pretrained from scratch and thus less scalable, 2) suffer from huge retrieval latency and inefficiency issues, which makes them impractical in realistic applications. To address these crucial gaps towards both improved and efficient cross-modal retrieval, we propose a novel fine-tuning framework which turns any pretrained text-image multi-modal model into an efficient retrieval model. The framework is based on a cooperative retrieve-and-rerank approach which combines: 1) twin networks to separately encode all items of a corpus, enabling efficient initial retrieval, and 2) a cross-encoder component for a more nuanced (i.e., smarter) ranking of the retrieved small set of items. We also propose to jointly fine-tune the two components with shared weights, yielding a more parameter-efficient model. Our experiments on a series of standard cross-modal retrieval benchmarks in monolingual, multilingual, and zero-shot setups, demonstrate improved accuracy and huge efficiency benefits over the state-of-the-art cross-encoders.      
### 6.Context-Aware Layout to Image Generation with Enhanced Object Appearance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11897.pdf)
>  A layout to image (L2I) generation model aims to generate a complicated image containing multiple objects (things) against natural background (stuff), conditioned on a given layout. Built upon the recent advances in generative adversarial networks (GANs), existing L2I models have made great progress. However, a close inspection of their generated images reveals two major limitations: (1) the object-to-object as well as object-to-stuff relations are often broken and (2) each object's appearance is typically distorted lacking the key defining characteristics associated with the object class. We argue that these are caused by the lack of context-aware object and stuff feature encoding in their generators, and location-sensitive appearance representation in their discriminators. To address these limitations, two new modules are proposed in this work. First, a context-aware feature transformation module is introduced in the generator to ensure that the generated feature encoding of either object or stuff is aware of other co-existing objects/stuff in the scene. Second, instead of feeding location-insensitive image features to the discriminator, we use the Gram matrix computed from the feature maps of the generated object images to preserve location-sensitive information, resulting in much enhanced object appearance. Extensive experiments show that the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance on the COCO-Thing-Stuff and Visual Genome benchmarks.      
### 7.Deconvolution-and-convolution Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11887.pdf)
>  2D Convolutional neural network (CNN) has arguably become the de facto standard for computer vision tasks. Recent findings, however, suggest that CNN may not be the best option for 1D pattern recognition, especially for datasets with over 1 M training samples, e.g., existing CNN-based methods for 1D signals are highly reliant on human pre-processing. Common practices include utilizing discrete Fourier transform (DFT) to reconstruct 1D signal into 2D array. To add to extant knowledge, in this paper, a novel 1D data processing algorithm is proposed for 1D big data analysis through learning a deep deconvolutional-convolutional network. Rather than resorting to human-based techniques, we employed deconvolution layers to convert 1 D signals into 2D data. On top of the deconvolution model, the data was identified by a 2D CNN. Compared with the existing 1D signal processing algorithms, DCNet boasts the advantages of less human-made inference and higher generalization performance. Our experimental results from a varying number of training patterns (50 K to 11 M) from classification and regression demonstrate the desirability of our new approach.      
### 8.DeepViT: Towards Deeper Vision Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11886.pdf)
>  Vision transformers (ViTs) have been successfully applied in image classification tasks recently. In this paper, we show that, unlike convolution neural networks (CNNs)that can be improved by stacking more convolutional layers, the performance of ViTs saturate fast when scaled to be deeper. More specifically, we empirically observe that such scaling difficulty is caused by the attention collapse issue: as the transformer goes deeper, the attention maps gradually become similar and even much the same after certain layers. In other words, the feature maps tend to be identical in the top layers of deep ViT models. This fact demonstrates that in deeper layers of ViTs, the self-attention mechanism fails to learn effective concepts for representation learning and hinders the model from getting expected performance gain. Based on above observation, we propose a simple yet effective method, named Re-attention, to re-generate the attention maps to increase their diversity at different layers with negligible computation and memory cost. The pro-posed method makes it feasible to train deeper ViT models with consistent performance improvements via minor modification to existing ViT models. Notably, when training a deep ViT model with 32 transformer blocks, the Top-1 classification accuracy can be improved by 1.6% on ImageNet. Code will be made publicly available      
### 9.AutoSpace: Neural Architecture Search with Less Human Interference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11833.pdf)
>  Current neural architecture search (NAS) algorithms still require expert knowledge and effort to design a search space for network construction. In this paper, we consider automating the search space design to minimize human interference, which however faces two challenges: the explosive complexity of the exploration space and the expensive computation cost to evaluate the quality of different search spaces. To solve them, we propose a novel differentiable evolutionary framework named AutoSpace, which evolves the search space to an optimal one with following novel techniques: a differentiable fitness scoring function to efficiently evaluate the performance of cells and a reference architecture to speedup the evolution procedure and avoid falling into sub-optimal solutions. The framework is generic and compatible with additional computational constraints, making it feasible to learn specialized search spaces that fit different computational budgets. With the learned search space, the performance of recent NAS algorithms can be improved significantly compared with using previously manually designed spaces. Remarkably, the models generated from the new search space achieve 77.8% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet under the mobile setting (MAdds &lt; 500M), out-performing previous SOTA EfficientNet-B0 by 0.7%. All codes will be made public.      
### 10.Deep RGB-D Saliency Detection with Depth-Sensitive Attention and Automatic Multi-Modal Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11832.pdf)
>  RGB-D salient object detection (SOD) is usually formulated as a problem of classification or regression over two modalities, i.e., RGB and depth. Hence, effective RGBD feature modeling and multi-modal feature fusion both play a vital role in RGB-D SOD. In this paper, we propose a depth-sensitive RGB feature modeling scheme using the depth-wise geometric prior of salient objects. In principle, the feature modeling scheme is carried out in a depth-sensitive attention module, which leads to the RGB feature enhancement as well as the background distraction reduction by capturing the depth geometry prior. Moreover, to perform effective multi-modal feature fusion, we further present an automatic architecture search approach for RGB-D SOD, which does well in finding out a feasible architecture from our specially designed multi-modal multi-scale search space. Extensive experiments on seven standard benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach against the state-of-the-art.      
### 11.Incorporating Convolution Designs into Visual Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11816.pdf)
>  Motivated by the success of Transformers in natural language processing (NLP) tasks, there emerge some attempts (e.g., ViT and DeiT) to apply Transformers to the vision domain. However, pure Transformer architectures often require a large amount of training data or extra supervision to obtain comparable performance with convolutional neural networks (CNNs). To overcome these limitations, we analyze the potential drawbacks when directly borrowing Transformer architectures from NLP. Then we propose a new \textbf{Convolution-enhanced image Transformer (CeiT)} which combines the advantages of CNNs in extracting low-level features, strengthening locality, and the advantages of Transformers in establishing long-range dependencies. Three modifications are made to the original Transformer: \textbf{1)} instead of the straightforward tokenization from raw input images, we design an \textbf{Image-to-Tokens (I2T)} module that extracts patches from generated low-level features; \textbf{2)} the feed-froward network in each encoder block is replaced with a \textbf{Locally-enhanced Feed-Forward (LeFF)} layer that promotes the correlation among neighboring tokens in the spatial dimension; \textbf{3)} a \textbf{Layer-wise Class token Attention (LCA)} is attached at the top of the Transformer that utilizes the multi-level representations. <br>Experimental results on ImageNet and seven downstream tasks show the effectiveness and generalization ability of CeiT compared with previous Transformers and state-of-the-art CNNs, without requiring a large amount of training data and extra CNN teachers. Besides, CeiT models also demonstrate better convergence with $3\times$ fewer training iterations, which can reduce the training cost significantly\footnote{Code and models will be released upon acceptance.}.      
### 12.Towards Ultra-Resolution Neural Style Transfer via Thumbnail Instance Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11784.pdf)
>  We present an extremely simple Ultra-Resolution Style Transfer framework, termed URST, to flexibly process arbitrary high-resolution images (e.g., 10000x10000 pixels) style transfer for the first time. Most of the existing state-of-the-art methods would fall short due to massive memory cost and small stroke size when processing ultra-high resolution images. URST completely avoids the memory problem caused by ultra-high resolution images by 1) dividing the image into small patches and 2) performing patch-wise style transfer with a novel Thumbnail Instance Normalization (TIN). Specifically, TIN can extract thumbnail's normalization statistics and apply them to small patches, ensuring the style consistency among different patches. Overall, the URST framework has three merits compared to prior arts. 1) We divide input image into small patches and adopt TIN, successfully transferring image style with arbitrary high-resolution. 2) Experiments show that our URST surpasses existing SOTA methods on ultra-high resolution images benefiting from the effectiveness of the proposed stroke perceptual loss in enlarging the stroke size. 3) Our URST can be easily plugged into most existing style transfer methods and directly improve their performance even without training. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/czczup/URST" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.Dynamic Metric Learning: Towards a Scalable Metric Space to Accommodate Multiple Semantic Scales  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11781.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a new fundamental characteristic, \ie, the dynamic range, from real-world metric tools to deep visual recognition. In metrology, the dynamic range is a basic quality of a metric tool, indicating its flexibility to accommodate various scales. Larger dynamic range offers higher flexibility. In visual recognition, the multiple scale problem also exist. Different visual concepts may have different semantic scales. For example, ``Animal'' and ``Plants'' have a large semantic scale while ``Elk'' has a much smaller one. Under a small semantic scale, two different elks may look quite \emph{different} to each other . However, under a large semantic scale (\eg, animals and plants), these two elks should be measured as being \emph{similar}. %We argue that such flexibility is also important for deep metric learning, because different visual concepts indeed correspond to different semantic scales. <br>Introducing the dynamic range to deep metric learning, we get a novel computer vision task, \ie, the Dynamic Metric Learning. It aims to learn a scalable metric space to accommodate visual concepts across multiple semantic scales. Based on three types of images, \emph{i.e.}, vehicle, animal and online products, we construct three datasets for Dynamic Metric Learning. We benchmark these datasets with popular deep metric learning methods and find Dynamic Metric Learning to be very challenging. The major difficulty lies in a conflict between different scales: the discriminative ability under a small scale usually compromises the discriminative ability under a large one, and vice versa. As a minor contribution, we propose Cross-Scale Learning (CSL) to alleviate such conflict. We show that CSL consistently improves the baseline on all the three datasets. The datasets and the code will be publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SupetZYK/DynamicMetricLearning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.AdaSGN: Adapting Joint Number and Model Size for Efficient Skeleton-Based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11770.pdf)
>  Existing methods for skeleton-based action recognition mainly focus on improving the recognition accuracy, whereas the efficiency of the model is rarely considered. Recently, there are some works trying to speed up the skeleton modeling by designing light-weight modules. However, in addition to the model size, the amount of the data involved in the calculation is also an important factor for the running speed, especially for the skeleton data where most of the joints are redundant or non-informative to identify a specific skeleton. Besides, previous works usually employ one fix-sized model for all the samples regardless of the difficulty of recognition, which wastes computations for easy samples. To address these limitations, a novel approach, called AdaSGN, is proposed in this paper, which can reduce the computational cost of the inference process by adaptively controlling the input number of the joints of the skeleton on-the-fly. Moreover, it can also adaptively select the optimal model size for each sample to achieve a better trade-off between accuracy and efficiency. We conduct extensive experiments on three challenging datasets, namely, NTU-60, NTU-120 and SHREC, to verify the superiority of the proposed approach, where AdaSGN achieves comparable or even higher performance with much lower GFLOPs compared with the baseline method.      
### 15.Handling Missing Observations with an RNN-based Prediction-Update Cycle  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11747.pdf)
>  In tasks such as tracking, time-series data inevitably carry missing observations. While traditional tracking approaches can handle missing observations, recurrent neural networks (RNNs) are designed to receive input data in every step. Furthermore, current solutions for RNNs, like omitting the missing data or data imputation, are not sufficient to account for the resulting increased uncertainty. Towards this end, this paper introduces an RNN-based approach that provides a full temporal filtering cycle for motion state estimation. The Kalman filter inspired approach, enables to deal with missing observations and outliers. For providing a full temporal filtering cycle, a basic RNN is extended to take observations and the associated belief about its accuracy into account for updating the current state. An RNN prediction model, which generates a parametrized distribution to capture the predicted states, is combined with an RNN update model, which relies on the prediction model output and the current observation. By providing the model with masking information, binary-encoded missing events, the model can overcome limitations of standard techniques for dealing with missing input values. The model abilities are demonstrated on synthetic data reflecting prototypical pedestrian tracking scenarios.      
### 16.Large Motion Video Super-Resolution with Dual Subnet and Multi-Stage Communicated Upsampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11744.pdf)
>  Video super-resolution (VSR) aims at restoring a video in low-resolution (LR) and improving it to higher-resolution (HR). Due to the characteristics of video tasks, it is very important that motion information among frames should be well concerned, summarized and utilized for guidance in a VSR algorithm. Especially, when a video contains large motion, conventional methods easily bring incoherent results or artifacts. In this paper, we propose a novel deep neural network with Dual Subnet and Multi-stage Communicated Upsampling (DSMC) for super-resolution of videos with large motion. We design a new module named U-shaped residual dense network with 3D convolution (U3D-RDN) for fine implicit motion estimation and motion compensation (MEMC) as well as coarse spatial feature extraction. And we present a new Multi-Stage Communicated Upsampling (MSCU) module to make full use of the intermediate results of upsampling for guiding the VSR. Moreover, a novel dual subnet is devised to aid the training of our DSMC, whose dual loss helps to reduce the solution space as well as enhance the generalization ability. Our experimental results confirm that our method achieves superior performance on videos with large motion compared to state-of-the-art methods.      
### 17.Meta-DETR: Few-Shot Object Detection via Unified Image-Level Meta-Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11731.pdf)
>  Few-shot object detection aims at detecting novel objects with only a few annotated examples. Prior works have proved meta-learning a promising solution, and most of them essentially address detection by meta-learning over regions for their classification and location fine-tuning. However, these methods substantially rely on initially well-located region proposals, which are usually hard to obtain under the few-shot settings. This paper presents a novel meta-detector framework, namely Meta-DETR, which eliminates region-wise prediction and instead meta-learns object localization and classification at image level in a unified and complementary manner. Specifically, it first encodes both support and query images into category-specific features and then feeds them into a category-agnostic decoder to directly generate predictions for specific categories. To facilitate meta-learning with deep networks, we design a simple but effective Semantic Alignment Mechanism (SAM), which aligns high-level and low-level feature semantics to improve the generalization of meta-learned representations. Experiments over multiple few-shot object detection benchmarks show that Meta-DETR outperforms state-of-the-art methods by large margins.      
### 18.A New Efficient Numbering System : Application to Numbers Generation and Visual Markers Design  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11727.pdf)
>  This short paper introduces a recently patented line based numbering system. The last allows a best concordance with decimal digits values, and open up new opportunities, which are not possible with the classical decimal numeration system. Proposed OILU symbolic allows generating a new type of number series, based on multi facets numbers splitting process. On the other hand, this new symbolic is used in the development of new visual markers, highly required in augmented reality and UAV's navigation applications.      
### 19.TICaM: A Time-of-flight In-car Cabin Monitoring Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11719.pdf)
>  We present TICaM, a Time-of-flight In-car Cabin Monitoring dataset for vehicle interior monitoring using a single wide-angle depth camera. Our dataset addresses the deficiencies of currently available in-car cabin datasets in terms of the ambit of labeled classes, recorded scenarios and provided annotations; all at the same time. We record an exhaustive list of actions performed while driving and provide for them multi-modal labeled images (depth, RGB and IR), with complete annotations for 2D and 3D object detection, instance and semantic segmentation as well as activity annotations for RGB frames. Additional to real recordings, we provide a synthetic dataset of in-car cabin images with same multi-modality of images and annotations, providing a unique and extremely beneficial combination of synthetic and real data for effectively training cabin monitoring systems and evaluating domain adaptation approaches. The dataset is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://vizta-tof.kl.dfki.de/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 20.n-hot: Efficient bit-level sparsity for powers-of-two neural network quantization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11704.pdf)
>  Powers-of-two (PoT) quantization reduces the number of bit operations of deep neural networks on resource-constrained hardware. However, PoT quantization triggers a severe accuracy drop because of its limited representation ability. Since DNN models have been applied for relatively complex tasks (e.g., classification for large datasets and object detection), improvement in accuracy for the PoT quantization method is required. Although some previous works attempt to improve the accuracy of PoT quantization, there is no work that balances accuracy and computation costs in a memory-efficient way. To address this problem, we propose an efficient PoT quantization scheme. Bit-level sparsity is introduced; weights (or activations) are rounded to values that can be calculated by n shift operations in multiplication. We also allow not only addition but also subtraction as each operation. Moreover, we use a two-stage fine-tuning algorithm to recover the accuracy drop that is triggered by introducing the bit-level sparsity. The experimental results on an object detection model (CenterNet, MobileNet-v2 backbone) on the COCO dataset show that our proposed method suppresses the accuracy drop by 0.3% at most while reducing the number of operations by about 75% and model size by 11.5% compared to the uniform method.      
### 21.Model-based 3D Hand Reconstruction via Self-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11703.pdf)
>  Reconstructing a 3D hand from a single-view RGB image is challenging due to various hand configurations and depth ambiguity. To reliably reconstruct a 3D hand from a monocular image, most state-of-the-art methods heavily rely on 3D annotations at the training stage, but obtaining 3D annotations is expensive. To alleviate reliance on labeled training data, we propose S2HAND, a self-supervised 3D hand reconstruction network that can jointly estimate pose, shape, texture, and the camera viewpoint. Specifically, we obtain geometric cues from the input image through easily accessible 2D detected keypoints. To learn an accurate hand reconstruction model from these noisy geometric cues, we utilize the consistency between 2D and 3D representations and propose a set of novel losses to rationalize outputs of the neural network. For the first time, we demonstrate the feasibility of training an accurate 3D hand reconstruction network without relying on manual annotations. Our experiments show that the proposed method achieves comparable performance with recent fully-supervised methods while using fewer supervision data.      
### 22.Control Distance IoU and Control Distance IoU Loss Function for Better Bounding Box Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11696.pdf)
>  Numerous improvements for feedback mechanisms have contributed to the great progress in object detection. In this paper, we first present an evaluation-feedback module, which is proposed to consist of evaluation system and feedback mechanism. Then we analyze and summarize the disadvantages and improvements of traditional evaluation-feedback module. Finally, we focus on both the evaluation system and the feedback mechanism, and propose Control Distance IoU and Control Distance IoU loss function (or CDIoU and CDIoU loss for short) without increasing parameters or FLOPs in models, which show different significant enhancements on several classical and emerging models. Some experiments and comparative tests show that coordinated evaluation-feedback module can effectively improve model performance. CDIoU and CDIoU loss have different excellent performances in several models such as Faster R-CNN, YOLOv4, RetinaNet and ATSS. There is a maximum AP improvement of 1.9% and an average AP of 0.8% improvement on MS COCO dataset, compared to traditional evaluation-feedback modules.      
### 23.Transformer Meets Tracker: Exploiting Temporal Context for Robust Visual Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11681.pdf)
>  In video object tracking, there exist rich temporal contexts among successive frames, which have been largely overlooked in existing trackers. In this work, we bridge the individual video frames and explore the temporal contexts across them via a transformer architecture for robust object tracking. Different from classic usage of the transformer in natural language processing tasks, we separate its encoder and decoder into two parallel branches and carefully design them within the Siamese-like tracking pipelines. The transformer encoder promotes the target templates via attention-based feature reinforcement, which benefits the high-quality tracking model generation. The transformer decoder propagates the tracking cues from previous templates to the current frame, which facilitates the object searching process. Our transformer-assisted tracking framework is neat and trained in an end-to-end manner. With the proposed transformer, a simple Siamese matching approach is able to outperform the current top-performing trackers. By combining our transformer with the recent discriminative tracking pipeline, our method sets several new state-of-the-art records on prevalent tracking benchmarks.      
### 24.Unsupervised Two-Stage Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11671.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection from a single image is challenging since anomaly data is always rare and can be with highly unpredictable types. With only anomaly-free data available, most existing methods train an AutoEncoder to reconstruct the input image and find the difference between the input and output to identify the anomalous region. However, such methods face a potential problem - a coarse reconstruction generates extra image differences while a high-fidelity one may draw in the anomaly. In this paper, we solve this contradiction by proposing a two-stage approach, which generates high-fidelity yet anomaly-free reconstructions. Our Unsupervised Two-stage Anomaly Detection (UTAD) relies on two technical components, namely the Impression Extractor (IE-Net) and the Expert-Net. The IE-Net and Expert-Net accomplish the two-stage anomaly-free image reconstruction task while they also generate intuitive intermediate results, making the whole UTAD interpretable. Extensive experiments show that our method outperforms state-of-the-arts on four anomaly detection datasets with different types of real-world objects and textures.      
### 25.Re-energizing Domain Discriminator with Sample Relabeling for Adversarial Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11661.pdf)
>  Many unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) methods exploit domain adversarial training to align the features to reduce domain gap, where a feature extractor is trained to fool a domain discriminator in order to have aligned feature distributions. The discrimination capability of the domain classifier w.r.t the increasingly aligned feature distributions deteriorates as training goes on, thus cannot effectively further drive the training of feature extractor. In this work, we propose an efficient optimization strategy named Re-enforceable Adversarial Domain Adaptation (RADA) which aims to re-energize the domain discriminator during the training by using dynamic domain labels. Particularly, we relabel the well aligned target domain samples as source domain samples on the fly. Such relabeling makes the less separable distributions more separable, and thus leads to a more powerful domain classifier w.r.t. the new data distributions, which in turn further drives feature alignment. Extensive experiments on multiple UDA benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of our RADA.      
### 26.Intra-Inter Camera Similarity for Unsupervised Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11658.pdf)
>  Most of unsupervised person Re-Identification (Re-ID) works produce pseudo-labels by measuring the feature similarity without considering the distribution discrepancy among cameras, leading to degraded accuracy in label computation across cameras. This paper targets to address this challenge by studying a novel intra-inter camera similarity for pseudo-label generation. We decompose the sample similarity computation into two stage, i.e., the intra-camera and inter-camera computations, respectively. The intra-camera computation directly leverages the CNN features for similarity computation within each camera. Pseudo-labels generated on different cameras train the re-id model in a multi-branch network. The second stage considers the classification scores of each sample on different cameras as a new feature vector. This new feature effectively alleviates the distribution discrepancy among cameras and generates more reliable pseudo-labels. We hence train our re-id model in two stages with intra-camera and inter-camera pseudo-labels, respectively. This simple intra-inter camera similarity produces surprisingly good performance on multiple datasets, e.g., achieves rank-1 accuracy of 89.5% on the Market1501 dataset, outperforming the recent unsupervised works by 9+%, and is comparable with the latest transfer learning works that leverage extra annotations.      
### 27.Polarization Guided Specular Reflection Separation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11652.pdf)
>  Since specular reflection often exists in the real captured images and causes deviation between the recorded color and intrinsic color, specular reflection separation can bring advantages to multiple applications that require consistent object surface appearance. However, due to the color of an object is significantly influenced by the color of the illumination, the existing researches still suffer from the near-duplicate challenge, that is, the separation becomes unstable when the illumination color is close to the surface color. In this paper, we derive a polarization guided model to incorporate the polarization information into a designed iteration optimization separation strategy to separate the specular reflection. Based on the analysis of polarization, we propose a polarization guided model to generate a polarization chromaticity image, which is able to reveal the geometrical profile of the input image in complex scenarios, such as diversity of illumination. The polarization chromaticity image can accurately cluster the pixels with similar diffuse color. We further use the specular separation of all these clusters as an implicit prior to ensure that the diffuse components will not be mistakenly separated as the specular components. With the polarization guided model, we reformulate the specular reflection separation into a unified optimization function which can be solved by the ADMM strategy. The specular reflection will be detected and separated jointly by RGB and polarimetric information. Both qualitative and quantitative experimental results have shown that our method can faithfully separate the specular reflection, especially in some challenging scenarios.      
### 28.AET-EFN: A Versatile Design for Static and Dynamic Event-Based Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11645.pdf)
>  The neuromorphic event cameras, which capture the optical changes of a scene, have drawn increasing attention due to their high speed and low power consumption. However, the event data are noisy, sparse, and nonuniform in the spatial-temporal domain with an extremely high temporal resolution, making it challenging to design backend algorithms for event-based vision. Existing methods encode events into point-cloud-based or voxel-based representations, but suffer from noise and/or information loss. Additionally, there is little research that systematically studies how to handle static and dynamic scenes with one universal design for event-based vision. This work proposes the Aligned Event Tensor (AET) as a novel event data representation, and a neat framework called Event Frame Net (EFN), which enables our model for event-based vision under static and dynamic scenes. The proposed AET and EFN are evaluated on various datasets, and proved to surpass existing state-of-the-art methods by large margins. Our method is also efficient and achieves the fastest inference speed among others.      
### 29.A Batch Normalization Classifier for Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11642.pdf)
>  Adapting a model to perform well on unforeseen data outside its training set is a common problem that continues to motivate new approaches. We demonstrate that application of batch normalization in the output layer, prior to softmax activation, results in improved generalization across visual data domains in a refined ResNet model. The approach adds negligible computational complexity yet outperforms many domain adaptation methods that explicitly learn to align data domains. We benchmark this technique on the Office-Home dataset and show that batch normalization is competitive with other leading methods. We show that this method is not sensitive to presence of source data during adaptation and further present the impact on trained tensor distributions tends toward sparsity. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/matthewbehrend/BNC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 30.Optimization for Oriented Object Detection via Representation Invariance Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11636.pdf)
>  Arbitrary-oriented objects exist widely in natural scenes, and thus the oriented object detection has received extensive attention in recent years. The mainstream rotation detectors use oriented bounding boxes (OBB) or quadrilateral bounding boxes (QBB) to represent the rotating objects. However, these methods suffer from the representation ambiguity for oriented object definition, which leads to suboptimal regression optimization and the inconsistency between the loss metric and the localization accuracy of the predictions. In this paper, we propose a Representation Invariance Loss (RIL) to optimize the bounding box regression for the rotating objects. Specifically, RIL treats multiple representations of an oriented object as multiple equivalent local minima, and hence transforms bounding box regression into an adaptive matching process with these local minima. Then, the Hungarian matching algorithm is adopted to obtain the optimal regression strategy. We also propose a normalized rotation loss to alleviate the weak correlation between different variables and their unbalanced loss contribution in OBB representation. Extensive experiments on remote sensing datasets and scene text datasets show that our method achieves consistent and substantial improvement. The source code and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ming71/RIDet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Multimodal Motion Prediction with Stacked Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11624.pdf)
>  Predicting multiple plausible future trajectories of the nearby vehicles is crucial for the safety of autonomous driving. Recent motion prediction approaches attempt to achieve such multimodal motion prediction by implicitly regularizing the feature or explicitly generating multiple candidate proposals. However, it remains challenging since the latent features may concentrate on the most frequent mode of the data while the proposal-based methods depend largely on the prior knowledge to generate and select the proposals. In this work, we propose a novel transformer framework for multimodal motion prediction, termed as mmTransformer. A novel network architecture based on stacked transformers is designed to model the multimodality at feature level with a set of fixed independent proposals. A region-based training strategy is then developed to induce the multimodality of the generated proposals. Experiments on Argoverse dataset show that the proposed model achieves the state-of-the-art performance on motion prediction, substantially improving the diversity and the accuracy of the predicted trajectories. Demo video and code are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://decisionforce.github.io/mmTransformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.Progressive and Aligned Pose Attention Transfer for Person Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11622.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a new generative adversarial network for pose transfer, i.e., transferring the pose of a given person to a target pose. We design a progressive generator which comprises a sequence of transfer blocks. Each block performs an intermediate transfer step by modeling the relationship between the condition and the target poses with attention mechanism. Two types of blocks are introduced, namely Pose-Attentional Transfer Block (PATB) and Aligned Pose-Attentional Transfer Bloc ~(APATB). Compared with previous works, our model generates more photorealistic person images that retain better appearance consistency and shape consistency compared with input images. We verify the efficacy of the model on the Market-1501 and DeepFashion datasets, using quantitative and qualitative measures. Furthermore, we show that our method can be used for data augmentation for the person re-identification task, alleviating the issue of data insufficiency. Code and pretrained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tengteng95/Pose-Transfer.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.Anchor-Free Person Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11617.pdf)
>  Person search aims to simultaneously localize and identify a query person from realistic, uncropped images, which can be regarded as the unified task of pedestrian detection and person re-identification (re-id). Most existing works employ two-stage detectors like Faster-RCNN, yielding encouraging accuracy but with high computational overhead. In this work, we present the Feature-Aligned Person Search Network (AlignPS), the first anchor-free framework to efficiently tackle this challenging task. AlignPS explicitly addresses the major challenges, which we summarize as the misalignment issues in different levels (i.e., scale, region, and task), when accommodating an anchor-free detector for this task. More specifically, we propose an aligned feature aggregation module to generate more discriminative and robust feature embeddings by following a "re-id first" principle. Such a simple design directly improves the baseline anchor-free model on CUHK-SYSU by more than 20% in mAP. Moreover, AlignPS outperforms state-of-the-art two-stage methods, with a higher speed. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/daodaofr/AlignPS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 34.A Survey of Hand Crafted and Deep Learning Methods for Image Aesthetic Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11616.pdf)
>  Automatic image aesthetics assessment is a computer vision problem that deals with the categorization of images into different aesthetic levels. The categorization is usually done by analyzing an input image and computing some measure of the degree to which the image adhere to the key principles of photography (balance, rhythm, harmony, contrast, unity, look, feel, tone and texture). Owing to its diverse applications in many areas, automatic image aesthetic assessment has gained significant research attention in recent years. This paper presents a literature review of the recent techniques of automatic image aesthetics assessment. A large number of traditional hand crafted and deep learning based approaches are reviewed. Key problem aspects are discussed such as why some features or models perform better than others and what are the limitations. A comparison of the quantitative results of different methods is also provided at the end.      
### 35.PriorityCut: Occlusion-guided Regularization for Warp-based Image Animation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11600.pdf)
>  Image animation generates a video of a source image following the motion of a driving video. State-of-the-art self-supervised image animation approaches warp the source image according to the motion of the driving video and recover the warping artifacts by inpainting. These approaches mostly use vanilla convolution for inpainting, and vanilla convolution does not distinguish between valid and invalid pixels. As a result, visual artifacts are still noticeable after inpainting. CutMix is a state-of-the-art regularization strategy that cuts and mixes patches of images and is widely studied in different computer vision tasks. Among the remaining computer vision tasks, warp-based image animation is one of the fields that the effects of CutMix have yet to be studied. This paper first presents a preliminary study on the effects of CutMix on warp-based image animation. We observed in our study that CutMix helps improve only pixel values, but disturbs the spatial relationships between pixels. Based on such observation, we propose PriorityCut, a novel augmentation approach that uses the top-k percent occluded pixels of the foreground to regularize warp-based image animation. By leveraging the domain knowledge in warp-based image animation, PriorityCut significantly reduces the warping artifacts in state-of-the-art warp-based image animation models on diverse datasets.      
### 36.Human De-occlusion: Invisible Perception and Recovery for Humans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11597.pdf)
>  In this paper, we tackle the problem of human de-occlusion which reasons about occluded segmentation masks and invisible appearance content of humans. In particular, a two-stage framework is proposed to estimate the invisible portions and recover the content inside. For the stage of mask completion, a stacked network structure is devised to refine inaccurate masks from a general instance segmentation model and predict integrated masks simultaneously. Additionally, the guidance from human parsing and typical pose masks are leveraged to bring prior information. For the stage of content recovery, a novel parsing guided attention module is applied to isolate body parts and capture context information across multiple scales. Besides, an Amodal Human Perception dataset (AHP) is collected to settle the task of human de-occlusion. AHP has advantages of providing annotations from real-world scenes and the number of humans is comparatively larger than other amodal perception datasets. Based on this dataset, experiments demonstrate that our method performs over the state-of-the-art techniques in both tasks of mask completion and content recovery. Our AHP dataset is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sydney0zq.github.io/ahp/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 37.Deep Neural Networks Learn Meta-Structures to Segment Fluorescence Microscopy Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11594.pdf)
>  Fluorescence microscopy images play the critical role of capturing spatial or spatiotemporal information of biomedical processes in life sciences. Their simple structures and semantics provide unique advantages in elucidating learning behavior of deep neural networks (DNNs). It is generally assumed that accurate image annotation is required to train DNNs for accurate image segmentation. In this study, however, we find that DNNs trained by label images in which nearly half (49%) of the binary pixel labels are randomly flipped provide largely the same segmentation performance. This suggests that DNNs learn high-level structures rather than pixel-level labels per se to segment fluorescence microscopy images. We refer to these structures as meta-structures. In support of the existence of the meta-structures, when DNNs are trained by a series of label images with progressively less meta-structure information, we find progressive degradation in their segmentation performance. Motivated by the learning behavior of DNNs trained by random labels and the characteristics of meta-structures, we propose an unsupervised segmentation model. Experiments show that it achieves remarkably competitive performance in comparison to supervised segmentation models.      
### 38.Delving into Variance Transmission and Normalization: Shift of Average Gradient Makes the Network Collapse  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11590.pdf)
>  Normalization operations are essential for state-of-the-art neural networks and enable us to train a network from scratch with a large learning rate (LR). We attempt to explain the real effect of Batch Normalization (BN) from the perspective of variance transmission by investigating the relationship between BN and Weights Normalization (WN). In this work, we demonstrate that the problem of the shift of the average gradient will amplify the variance of every convolutional (conv) layer. We propose Parametric Weights Standardization (PWS), a fast and robust to mini-batch size module used for conv filters, to solve the shift of the average gradient. PWS can provide the speed-up of BN. Besides, it has less computation and does not change the output of a conv layer. PWS enables the network to converge fast without normalizing the outputs. This result enhances the persuasiveness of the shift of the average gradient and explains why BN works from the perspective of variance transmission. The code and appendix will be made available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lyxzzz/PWSConv" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 39.Brain Image Synthesis with Unsupervised Multivariate Canonical CSC$\ell_4$Net  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11587.pdf)
>  Recent advances in neuroscience have highlighted the effectiveness of multi-modal medical data for investigating certain pathologies and understanding human cognition. However, obtaining full sets of different modalities is limited by various factors, such as long acquisition times, high examination costs and artifact suppression. In addition, the complexity, high dimensionality and heterogeneity of neuroimaging data remains another key challenge in leveraging existing randomized scans effectively, as data of the same modality is often measured differently by different machines. There is a clear need to go beyond the traditional imaging-dependent process and synthesize anatomically specific target-modality data from a source input. In this paper, we propose to learn dedicated features that cross both intre- and intra-modal variations using a novel CSC$\ell_4$Net. Through an initial unification of intra-modal data in the feature maps and multivariate canonical adaptation, CSC$\ell_4$Net facilitates feature-level mutual transformation. The positive definite Riemannian manifold-penalized data fidelity term further enables CSC$\ell_4$Net to reconstruct missing measurements according to transformed features. Finally, the maximization $\ell_4$-norm boils down to a computationally efficient optimization problem. Extensive experiments validate the ability and robustness of our CSC$\ell_4$Net compared to the state-of-the-art methods on multiple datasets.      
### 40.Neural Lumigraph Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11571.pdf)
>  Novel view synthesis is a challenging and ill-posed inverse rendering problem. Neural rendering techniques have recently achieved photorealistic image quality for this task. State-of-the-art (SOTA) neural volume rendering approaches, however, are slow to train and require minutes of inference (i.e., rendering) time for high image resolutions. We adopt high-capacity neural scene representations with periodic activations for jointly optimizing an implicit surface and a radiance field of a scene supervised exclusively with posed 2D images. Our neural rendering pipeline accelerates SOTA neural volume rendering by about two orders of magnitude and our implicit surface representation is unique in allowing us to export a mesh with view-dependent texture information. Thus, like other implicit surface representations, ours is compatible with traditional graphics pipelines, enabling real-time rendering rates, while achieving unprecedented image quality compared to other surface methods. We assess the quality of our approach using existing datasets as well as high-quality 3D face data captured with a custom multi-camera rig.      
### 41.Cluster Contrast for Unsupervised Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11568.pdf)
>  Unsupervised person re-identification (re-ID) attractsincreasing attention due to its practical applications in in-dustry. State-of-the-art unsupervised re-ID methods trainthe neural networks using a memory-based non-parametricsoftmax loss. They store the pre-computed instance featurevectors inside the memory, assign pseudo labels to them us-ing clustering algorithm, and compare the query instancesto the cluster using a form of contrastive loss. Duringtraining, the instance feature vectors are updated. How-ever, due to the varying cluster size, the updating progressfor each cluster is inconsistent. To solve this problem, wepresent Cluster Contrast which stores feature vectors andcomputes contrast loss in the cluster level. We demonstratethat the inconsistency problem for cluster feature represen-tation can be solved by the cluster-level memory <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://dictionary.By" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> straightforwardly applying Cluster Contrast to a stan-dard unsupervised re-ID pipeline, it achieves considerableimprovements of 9.5%, 7.5%, 6.6% compared to state-of-the-art purely unsupervised re-ID methods and 5.1%, 4.0%,6.5% mAP compared to the state-of-the-art unsuperviseddomain adaptation re-ID methods on the Market, Duke, andMSMT17 datasets.Our source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wangguangyuan/ClusterContrast.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 42.Context-aware Biaffine Localizing Network for Temporal Sentence Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11555.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of temporal sentence grounding (TSG), which aims to identify the temporal boundary of a specific segment from an untrimmed video by a sentence query. Previous works either compare pre-defined candidate segments with the query and select the best one by ranking, or directly regress the boundary timestamps of the target segment. In this paper, we propose a novel localization framework that scores all pairs of start and end indices within the video simultaneously with a biaffine mechanism. In particular, we present a Context-aware Biaffine Localizing Network (CBLN) which incorporates both local and global contexts into features of each start/end position for biaffine-based localization. The local contexts from the adjacent frames help distinguish the visually similar appearance, and the global contexts from the entire video contribute to reasoning the temporal relation. Besides, we also develop a multi-modal self-attention module to provide fine-grained query-guided video representation for this biaffine strategy. Extensive experiments show that our CBLN significantly outperforms state-of-the-arts on three public datasets (ActivityNet Captions, TACoS, and Charades-STA), demonstrating the effectiveness of the proposed localization framework.      
### 43.ISTA-Net++: Flexible Deep Unfolding Network for Compressive Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11554.pdf)
>  While deep neural networks have achieved impressive success in image compressive sensing (CS), most of them lack flexibility when dealing with multi-ratio tasks and multi-scene images in practical applications. To tackle these challenges, we propose a novel end-to-end flexible ISTA-unfolding deep network, dubbed ISTA-Net++, with superior performance and strong flexibility. Specifically, by developing a dynamic unfolding strategy, our model enjoys the adaptability of handling CS problems with different ratios, i.e., multi-ratio tasks, through a single model. A cross-block strategy is further utilized to reduce blocking artifacts and enhance the CS recovery quality. Furthermore, we adopt a balanced dataset for training, which brings more robustness when reconstructing images of multiple scenes. Extensive experiments on four datasets show that ISTA-Net++ achieves state-of-the-art results in terms of both quantitative metrics and visual quality. Considering its flexibility, effectiveness and practicability, our model is expected to serve as a suitable baseline in future CS research. The source code is available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jianzhangcs/ISTA-Netpp" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 44.Unsupervised and self-adaptative techniques for cross-domain person re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11520.pdf)
>  Person Re-Identification (ReID) across non-overlapping cameras is a challenging task and, for this reason, most works in the prior art rely on supervised feature learning from a labeled dataset to match the same person in different views. However, it demands the time-consuming task of labeling the acquired data, prohibiting its fast deployment, specially in forensic scenarios. Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) emerges as a promising alternative, as it performs feature-learning adaptation from a model trained on a source to a target domain without identity-label annotation. However, most UDA-based algorithms rely upon a complex loss function with several hyper-parameters, which hinders the generalization to different scenarios. Moreover, as UDA depends on the translation between domains, it is important to select the most reliable data from the unseen domain, thus avoiding error propagation caused by noisy examples on the target data -- an often overlooked problem. In this sense, we propose a novel UDA-based ReID method that optimizes a simple loss function with only one hyper-parameter and that takes advantage of triplets of samples created by a new offline strategy based on the diversity of cameras within a cluster. This new strategy adapts the model and also regularizes it, avoiding overfitting on the target domain. We also introduce a new self-ensembling strategy, in which weights from different iterations are aggregated to create a final model combining knowledge from distinct moments of the adaptation. For evaluation, we consider three well-known deep learning architectures and combine them for final decision-making. The proposed method does not use person re-ranking nor any label on the target domain, and outperforms the state of the art, with a much simpler setup, on the Market to Duke, the challenging Market1501 to MSMT17, and Duke to MSMT17 adaptation scenarios.      
### 45.MoViNets: Mobile Video Networks for Efficient Video Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11511.pdf)
>  We present Mobile Video Networks (MoViNets), a family of computation and memory efficient video networks that can operate on streaming video for online inference. 3D convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are accurate at video recognition but require large computation and memory budgets and do not support online inference, making them difficult to work on mobile devices. We propose a three-step approach to improve computational efficiency while substantially reducing the peak memory usage of 3D CNNs. First, we design a video network search space and employ neural architecture search to generate efficient and diverse 3D CNN architectures. Second, we introduce the Stream Buffer technique that decouples memory from video clip duration, allowing 3D CNNs to embed arbitrary-length streaming video sequences for both training and inference with a small constant memory footprint. Third, we propose a simple ensembling technique to improve accuracy further without sacrificing efficiency. These three progressive techniques allow MoViNets to achieve state-of-the-art accuracy and efficiency on the Kinetics, Moments in Time, and Charades video action recognition datasets. For instance, MoViNet-A5-Stream achieves the same accuracy as X3D-XL on Kinetics 600 while requiring 80% fewer FLOPs and 65% less memory. Code will be made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tensorflow/models/tree/master/official/vision" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 46.Paying Attention to Activation Maps in Camera Pose Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11477.pdf)
>  Camera pose regression methods apply a single forward pass to the query image to estimate the camera pose. As such, they offer a fast and light-weight alternative to traditional localization schemes based on image retrieval. Pose regression approaches simultaneously learn two regression tasks, aiming to jointly estimate the camera position and orientation using a single embedding vector computed by a convolutional backbone. We propose an attention-based approach for pose regression, where the convolutional activation maps are used as sequential inputs. Transformers are applied to encode the sequential activation maps as latent vectors, used for camera pose regression. This allows us to pay attention to spatially-varying deep features. Using two Transformer heads, we separately focus on the features for camera position and orientation, based on how informative they are per task. Our proposed approach is shown to compare favorably to contemporary pose regressors schemes and achieves state-of-the-art accuracy across multiple outdoor and indoor benchmarks. In particular, to the best of our knowledge, our approach is the only method to attain sub-meter average accuracy across outdoor scenes. We make our code publicly available from here.      
### 47.#PraCegoVer: A Large Dataset for Image Captioning in Portuguese  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11474.pdf)
>  Automatically describing images using natural sentences is an important task to support visually impaired people's inclusion onto the Internet. It is still a big challenge that requires understanding the relation of the objects present in the image and their attributes and actions they are involved in. Then, visual interpretation methods are needed, but linguistic models are also necessary to verbally describe the semantic relations. This problem is known as Image Captioning. Although many datasets were proposed in the literature, the majority contains only English captions, whereas datasets with captions described in other languages are scarce. Recently, a movement called PraCegoVer arose on the Internet, stimulating users from social media to publish images, tag #PraCegoVer and add a short description of their content. Thus, inspired by this movement, we have proposed the #PraCegoVer, a multi-modal dataset with Portuguese captions based on posts from Instagram. It is the first large dataset for image captioning in Portuguese with freely annotated images. Further, the captions in our dataset bring additional challenges to the problem: first, in contrast to popular datasets such as MS COCO Captions, #PraCegoVer has only one reference to each image; also, both mean and variance of our reference sentence length are significantly greater than those in the MS COCO Captions. These two characteristics contribute to making our dataset interesting due to the linguistic aspect and the challenges that it introduces to the image captioning problem. We publicly-share the dataset at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gabrielsantosrv/PraCegoVer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 48.Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks for Speed Control in Trajectory Simulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11471.pdf)
>  Motion behaviour is driven by several factors -- goals, presence and actions of neighbouring agents, social relations, physical and social norms, the environment with its variable characteristics, and further. Most factors are not directly observable and must be modelled from context. Trajectory prediction, is thus a hard problem, and has seen increasing attention from researchers in the recent years. Prediction of motion, in application, must be realistic, diverse and controllable. In spite of increasing focus on multimodal trajectory generation, most methods still lack means for explicitly controlling different modes of the data generation. Further, most endeavours invest heavily in designing special mechanisms to learn the interactions in latent space. We present Conditional Speed GAN (CSG), that allows controlled generation of diverse and socially acceptable trajectories, based on user controlled speed. During prediction, CSG forecasts future speed from latent space and conditions its generation based on it. CSG is comparable to state-of-the-art GAN methods in terms of the benchmark distance metrics, while being simple and useful for simulation and data augmentation for different contexts such as fast or slow paced environments. Additionally, we compare the effect of different aggregation mechanisms and show that a naive approach of concatenation works comparable to its attention and pooling alternatives.      
### 49.Learning Multi-Scene Absolute Pose Regression with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11468.pdf)
>  Absolute camera pose regressors estimate the position and orientation of a camera from the captured image alone. Typically, a convolutional backbone with a multi-layer perceptron head is trained with images and pose labels to embed a single reference scene at a time. Recently, this scheme was extended for learning multiple scenes by replacing the MLP head with a set of fully connected layers. In this work, we propose to learn multi-scene absolute camera pose regression with Transformers, where encoders are used to aggregate activation maps with self-attention and decoders transform latent features and scenes encoding into candidate pose predictions. This mechanism allows our model to focus on general features that are informative for localization while embedding multiple scenes in parallel. We evaluate our method on commonly benchmarked indoor and outdoor datasets and show that it surpasses both multi-scene and state-of-the-art single-scene absolute pose regressors. We make our code publicly available from here.      
### 50.UAV Images Dataset for Moving Object Detection from Moving Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11460.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new high resolution aerial images dataset in which moving objects are labelled manually. It aims to contribute to the evaluation of the moving object detection methods for moving cameras. The problem of recognizing moving objects from aerial images is one of the important issues in computer vision. The biggest problem in the images taken by UAV is that the background is constantly variable due to camera movement. There are various datasets in the literature in which proposed methods for motion detection are evaluated. Prepared dataset consists of challenging images containing small targets compared to other datasets. Two methods in the literature have been tested for the prepared dataset. In addition, a simpler method compared to these methods has been proposed for moving object object in this paper.      
### 51.Traffic Camera Calibration via Vehicle Vanishing Point Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11438.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a traffic surveillance camera calibration method based on detection of pairs of vanishing points associated with vehicles in the traffic surveillance footage. To detect the vanishing points we propose a CNN which outputs heatmaps in which the positions of vanishing points are represented using the diamond space parametrization which enables us to detect vanishing points from the whole infinite projective space. From the detected pairs of vanishing points for multiple vehicles in a scene we establish the scene geometry by estimating the focal length of the camera and the orientation of the road plane. We show that our method achieves competitive results on the BrnoCarPark dataset while having fewer requirements than the current state of the art approach.      
### 52.Responsible AI: Gender bias assessment in emotion recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11436.pdf)
>  Rapid development of artificial intelligence (AI) systems amplify many concerns in society. These AI algorithms inherit different biases from humans due to mysterious operational flow and because of that it is becoming adverse in usage. As a result, researchers have started to address the issue by investigating deeper in the direction towards Responsible and Explainable AI. Among variety of applications of AI, facial expression recognition might not be the most important one, yet is considered as a valuable part of human-AI interaction. Evolution of facial expression recognition from the feature based methods to deep learning drastically improve quality of such algorithms. This research work aims to study a gender bias in deep learning methods for facial expression recognition by investigating six distinct neural networks, training them, and further analysed on the presence of bias, according to the three definition of fairness. The main outcomes show which models are gender biased, which are not and how gender of subject affects its emotion recognition. More biased neural networks show bigger accuracy gap in emotion recognition between male and female test sets. Furthermore, this trend keeps for true positive and false positive rates. In addition, due to the nature of the research, we can observe which types of emotions are better classified for men and which for women. Since the topic of biases in facial expression recognition is not well studied, a spectrum of continuation of this research is truly extensive, and may comprise detail analysis of state-of-the-art methods, as well as targeting other biases.      
### 53.Deep Distribution-preserving Incomplete Clustering with Optimal Transport  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11424.pdf)
>  Clustering is a fundamental task in the computer vision and machine learning community. Although various methods have been proposed, the performance of existing approaches drops dramatically when handling incomplete high-dimensional data (which is common in real world applications). To solve the problem, we propose a novel deep incomplete clustering method, named Deep Distribution-preserving Incomplete Clustering with Optimal Transport (DDIC-OT). To avoid insufficient sample utilization in existing methods limited by few fully-observed samples, we propose to measure distribution distance with the optimal transport for reconstruction evaluation instead of traditional pixel-wise loss function. Moreover, the clustering loss of the latent feature is introduced to regularize the embedding with more discrimination capability. As a consequence, the network becomes more robust against missing features and the unified framework which combines clustering and sample imputation enables the two procedures to negotiate to better serve for each other. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed network achieves superior and stable clustering performance improvement against existing state-of-the-art incomplete clustering methods over different missing ratios.      
### 54.Instant-Teaching: An End-to-End Semi-Supervised Object Detection Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11402.pdf)
>  Supervised learning based object detection frameworks demand plenty of laborious manual annotations, which may not be practical in real applications. Semi-supervised object detection (SSOD) can effectively leverage unlabeled data to improve the model performance, which is of great significance for the application of object detection models. In this paper, we revisit SSOD and propose Instant-Teaching, a completely end-to-end and effective SSOD framework, which uses instant pseudo labeling with extended weak-strong data augmentations for teaching during each training iteration. To alleviate the confirmation bias problem and improve the quality of pseudo annotations, we further propose a co-rectify scheme based on Instant-Teaching, denoted as Instant-Teaching$^*$. Extensive experiments on both MS-COCO and PASCAL VOC datasets substantiate the superiority of our framework. Specifically, our method surpasses state-of-the-art methods by 4.2 mAP on MS-COCO when using $2\%$ labeled data. Even with full supervised information of MS-COCO, the proposed method still outperforms state-of-the-art methods by about 1.0 mAP. On PASCAL VOC, we can achieve more than 5 mAP improvement by applying VOC07 as labeled data and VOC12 as unlabeled data.      
### 55.Learning Calibrated-Guidance for Object Detection in Aerial Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11399.pdf)
>  Recently, the study on object detection in aerial images has made tremendous progress in the community of computer vision. However, most state-of-the-art methods tend to develop elaborate attention mechanisms for the space-time feature calibrations with high computational complexity, while surprisingly ignoring the importance of feature calibrations in channels. In this work, we propose a simple yet effective Calibrated-Guidance (CG) scheme to enhance channel communications in a feature transformer fashion, which can adaptively determine the calibration weights for each channel based on the global feature affinity-pairs. Specifically, given a set of feature maps, CG first computes the feature similarity between each channel and the remaining channels as the intermediary calibration guidance. Then, re-representing each channel by aggregating all the channels weighted together via the guidance. Our CG can be plugged into any deep neural network, which is named as CG-Net. To demonstrate its effectiveness and efficiency, extensive experiments are carried out on both oriented and horizontal object detection tasks of aerial images. Results on two challenging benchmarks (i.e., DOTA and HRSC2016) demonstrate that our CG-Net can achieve state-of-the-art performance in accuracy with a fair computational overhead. <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/WeiZongqi/CG-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 56.ScanMix: Learning from Severe Label Noise via Semantic Clustering and Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11395.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of training deep neural networks in the presence of severe label noise. Our proposed training algorithm ScanMix, combines semantic clustering with semi-supervised learning (SSL) to improve the feature representations and enable an accurate identification of noisy samples, even in severe label noise scenarios. To be specific, ScanMix is designed based on the expectation maximisation (EM) framework, where the E-step estimates the value of a latent variable to cluster the training images based on their appearance representations and classification results, and the M-step optimises the SSL classification and learns effective feature representations via semantic clustering. In our evaluations, we show state-of-the-art results on standard benchmarks for symmetric, asymmetric and semantic label noise on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100, as well as large scale real label noise on WebVision. Most notably, for the benchmarks contaminated with large noise rates (80% and above), our results are up to 27% better than the related work. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ragavsachdeva/ScanMix" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 57.Multi-view analysis of unregistered medical images using cross-view transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11390.pdf)
>  Multi-view medical image analysis often depends on the combination of information from multiple views. However, differences in perspective or other forms of misalignment can make it difficult to combine views effectively, as registration is not always possible. Without registration, views can only be combined at a global feature level, by joining feature vectors after global pooling. We present a novel cross-view transformer method to transfer information between unregistered views at the level of spatial feature maps. We demonstrate this method on multi-view mammography and chest X-ray datasets. On both datasets, we find that a cross-view transformer that links spatial feature maps can outperform a baseline model that joins feature vectors after global pooling.      
### 58.Hierarchical Representation based Query-Specific Prototypical Network for Few-Shot Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11384.pdf)
>  Few-shot image classification aims at recognizing unseen categories with a small number of labeled training data. Recent metric-based frameworks tend to represent a support class by a fixed prototype (e.g., the mean of the support category) and make classification according to the similarities between query instances and support prototypes. However, discriminative dominant regions may locate uncertain areas of images and have various scales, which leads to the misaligned metric. Besides, a fixed prototype for one support category cannot fit for all query instances to accurately reflect their distances with this category, which lowers the efficiency of metric. Therefore, query-specific dominant regions in support samples should be extracted for a high-quality metric. To address these problems, we propose a Hierarchical Representation based Query-Specific Prototypical Network (QPN) to tackle the limitations by generating a region-level prototype for each query sample, which achieves both positional and dimensional semantic alignment simultaneously. Extensive experiments conducted on five benchmark datasets (including three fine-grained datasets) show that our proposed method outperforms the current state-of-the-art methods.      
### 59.Multi-level Metric Learning for Few-shot Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11383.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning is devoted to training a model on few samples. Recently, the method based on local descriptor metric-learning has achieved great performance. Most of these approaches learn a model based on a pixel-level metric. However, such works can only measure the relations between them on a single level, which is not comprehensive and effective. We argue that if query images can simultaneously be well classified via three distinct level similarity metrics, the query images within a class can be more tightly distributed in a smaller feature space, generating more discriminative feature maps. Motivated by this, we propose a novel Multi-level Metric Learning (MML) method for few-shot learning, which not only calculates the pixel-level similarity but also considers the similarity of part-level features and the similarity of distributions. First, we use a feature extractor to get the feature maps of images. Second, a multi-level metric module is proposed to calculate the part-level, pixel-level, and distribution-level similarities simultaneously. Specifically, the distribution-level similarity metric calculates the distribution distance (i.e., Wasserstein distance, Kullback-Leibler divergence) between query images and the support set, the pixel-level, and the part-level metric calculates the pixel-level and part-level similarities respectively. Finally, the fusion layer fuses three kinds of relation scores to obtain the final similarity score. Extensive experiments on popular benchmarks demonstrate that the MML method significantly outperforms the current state-of-the-art methods.      
### 60.MaAST: Map Attention with Semantic Transformersfor Efficient Visual Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11374.pdf)
>  Visual navigation for autonomous agents is a core task in the fields of computer vision and robotics. Learning-based methods, such as deep reinforcement learning, have the potential to outperform the classical solutions developed for this task; however, they come at a significantly increased computational load. Through this work, we design a novel approach that focuses on performing better or comparable to the existing learning-based solutions but under a clear time/computational budget. To this end, we propose a method to encode vital scene semantics such as traversable paths, unexplored areas, and observed scene objects -- alongside raw visual streams such as RGB, depth, and semantic segmentation masks -- into a semantically informed, top-down egocentric map representation. Further, to enable the effective use of this information, we introduce a novel 2-D map attention mechanism, based on the successful multi-layer Transformer networks. We conduct experiments on 3-D reconstructed indoor PointGoal visual navigation and demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach. We show that by using our novel attention schema and auxiliary rewards to better utilize scene semantics, we outperform multiple baselines trained with only raw inputs or implicit semantic information while operating with an 80% decrease in the agent's experience.      
### 61.Natural Perturbed Training for General Robustness of Neural Network Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11372.pdf)
>  We focus on the robustness of neural networks for classification. To permit a fair comparison between methods to achieve robustness, we first introduce a standard based on the mensuration of a classifier's degradation. Then, we propose natural perturbed training to robustify the network. Natural perturbations will be encountered in practice: the difference of two images of the same object may be approximated by an elastic deformation (when they have slightly different viewing angles), by occlusions (when they hide differently behind objects), or by saturation, Gaussian noise etc. Training some fraction of the epochs on random versions of such variations will help the classifier to learn better. We conduct extensive experiments on six datasets of varying sizes and granularity. Natural perturbed learning show better and much faster performance than adversarial training on clean, adversarial as well as natural perturbed images. It even improves general robustness on perturbations not seen during the training. For Cifar-10 and STL-10 natural perturbed training even improves the accuracy for clean data and reaches the state of the art performance. Ablation studies verify the effectiveness of natural perturbed training.      
### 62.Self adversarial attack as an augmentation method for immunohistochemical stainings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11362.pdf)
>  It has been shown that unpaired image-to-image translation methods constrained by cycle-consistency hide the information necessary for accurate input reconstruction as imperceptible noise. We demonstrate that, when applied to histopathology data, this hidden noise appears to be related to stain specific features and show that this is the case with two immunohistochemical stainings during translation to Periodic acid- Schiff (PAS), a histochemical staining method commonly applied in renal pathology. Moreover, by perturbing this hidden information, the translation models produce different, plausible outputs. We demonstrate that this property can be used as an augmentation method which, in a case of supervised glomeruli segmentation, leads to improved performance.      
### 63.Cross-Dataset Collaborative Learning for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11351.pdf)
>  Recent work attempts to improve semantic segmentation performance by exploring well-designed architectures on a target dataset. However, it remains challenging to build a unified system that simultaneously learns from various datasets due to the inherent distribution shift across different datasets. In this paper, we present a simple, flexible, and general method for semantic segmentation, termed Cross-Dataset Collaborative Learning (CDCL). Given multiple labeled datasets, we aim to improve the generalization and discrimination of feature representations on each dataset. Specifically, we first introduce a family of Dataset-Aware Blocks (DAB) as the fundamental computing units of the network, which help capture homogeneous representations and heterogeneous statistics across different datasets. Second, we propose a Dataset Alternation Training (DAT) mechanism to efficiently facilitate the optimization procedure. We conduct extensive evaluations on four diverse datasets, i.e., Cityscapes, BDD100K, CamVid, and COCO Stuff, with single-dataset and cross-dataset settings. Experimental results demonstrate our method consistently achieves notable improvements over prior single-dataset and cross-dataset training methods without introducing extra FLOPs. Particularly, with the same architecture of PSPNet (ResNet-18), our method outperforms the single-dataset baseline by 5.65\%, 6.57\%, and 5.79\% of mIoU on the validation sets of Cityscapes, BDD100K, CamVid, respectively. Code and models will be released.      
### 64.Reference-Aided Part-Aligned Feature Disentangling for Video Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11319.pdf)
>  Recently, video-based person re-identification (re-ID) has drawn increasing attention in compute vision community because of its practical application prospects. Due to the inaccurate person detections and pose changes, pedestrian misalignment significantly increases the difficulty of feature extraction and matching. To address this problem, in this paper, we propose a \textbf{R}eference-\textbf{A}ided \textbf{P}art-\textbf{A}ligned (\textbf{RAPA}) framework to disentangle robust features of different parts. Firstly, in order to obtain better references between different videos, a pose-based reference feature learning module is introduced. Secondly, an effective relation-based part feature disentangling module is explored to align frames within each video. By means of using both modules, the informative parts of pedestrian in videos are well aligned and more discriminative feature representation is generated. Comprehensive experiments on three widely-used benchmarks, i.e. iLIDS-VID, PRID-2011 and MARS datasets verify the effectiveness of the proposed framework. Our code will be made publicly available.      
### 65.A Learned Compact and Editable Light Field Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11314.pdf)
>  Light fields are 4D scene representation typically structured as arrays of views, or several directional samples per pixel in a single view. This highly correlated structure is not very efficient to transmit and manipulate (especially for editing), though. To tackle these problems, we present a novel compact and editable light field representation, consisting of a set of visual channels (i.e. the central RGB view) and a complementary meta channel that encodes the residual geometric and appearance information. The visual channels in this representation can be edited using existing 2D image editing tools, before accurately reconstructing the whole edited light field back. We propose to learn this representation via an autoencoder framework, consisting of an encoder for learning the representation, and a decoder for reconstructing the light field. To handle the challenging occlusions and propagation of edits, we specifically designed an editing-aware decoding network and its associated training strategy, so that the edits to the visual channels can be consistently propagated to the whole light field upon reconstruction.Experimental results show that our proposed method outperforms related existing methods in reconstruction accuracy, and achieves visually pleasant performance in editing propagation.      
### 66.PGT: A Progressive Method for Training Models on Long Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11313.pdf)
>  Convolutional video models have an order of magnitude larger computational complexity than their counterpart image-level models. Constrained by computational resources, there is no model or training method that can train long video sequences end-to-end. Currently, the main-stream method is to split a raw video into clips, leading to incomplete fragmentary temporal information flow. Inspired by natural language processing techniques dealing with long sentences, we propose to treat videos as serial fragments satisfying Markov property, and train it as a whole by progressively propagating information through the temporal dimension in multiple steps. This progressive training (PGT) method is able to train long videos end-to-end with limited resources and ensures the effective transmission of information. As a general and robust training method, we empirically demonstrate that it yields significant performance improvements on different models and datasets. As an illustrative example, the proposed method improves SlowOnly network by 3.7 mAP on Charades and 1.9 top-1 accuracy on Kinetics with negligible parameter and computation overhead. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BoPang1996/PGT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 67.A Modular and Unified Framework for Detecting and Localizing Video Anomalies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11299.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection in videos has been attracting an increasing amount of attention. Despite the competitive performance of recent methods on benchmark datasets, they typically lack desirable features such as modularity, cross-domain adaptivity, interpretability, and real-time anomalous event detection. Furthermore, current state-of-the-art approaches are evaluated using the standard instance-based detection metric by considering video frames as independent instances, which is not ideal for video anomaly detection. Motivated by these research gaps, we propose a modular and unified approach to the online video anomaly detection and localization problem, called MOVAD, which consists of a novel transfer learning based plug-and-play architecture, a sequential anomaly detector, a mathematical framework for selecting the detection threshold, and a suitable performance metric for real-time anomalous event detection in videos. Extensive performance evaluations on benchmark datasets show that the proposed framework significantly outperforms the current state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 68.Deep Dense Multi-scale Network for Snow Removal Using Semantic and Geometric Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11298.pdf)
>  Images captured in snowy days suffer from noticeable degradation of scene visibility, which degenerates the performance of current vision-based intelligent systems. Removing snow from images thus is an important topic in computer vision. In this paper, we propose a Deep Dense Multi-Scale Network (\textbf{DDMSNet}) for snow removal by exploiting semantic and geometric priors. As images captured in outdoor often share similar scenes and their visibility varies with depth from camera, such semantic and geometric information provides a strong prior for snowy image restoration. We incorporate the semantic and geometric maps as input and learn the semantic-aware and geometry-aware representation to remove snow. In particular, we first create a coarse network to remove snow from the input images. Then, the coarsely desnowed images are fed into another network to obtain the semantic and geometric labels. Finally, we design a DDMSNet to learn semantic-aware and geometry-aware representation via a self-attention mechanism to produce the final clean images. Experiments evaluated on public synthetic and real-world snowy images verify the superiority of the proposed method, offering better results both quantitatively and qualitatively.      
### 69.Geo-Spatiotemporal Features and Shape-Based Prior Knowledge for Fine-grained Imbalanced Data Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11285.pdf)
>  Fine-grained classification aims at distinguishing between items with similar global perception and patterns, but that differ by minute details. Our primary challenges come from both small inter-class variations and large intra-class variations. In this article, we propose to combine several innovations to improve fine-grained classification within the use-case of wildlife, which is of practical interest for experts. We utilize geo-spatiotemporal data to enrich the picture information and further improve the performance. We also investigate state-of-the-art methods for handling the imbalanced data issue.      
### 70.Temporally-Weighted Hierarchical Clustering for Unsupervised Action Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11264.pdf)
>  Action segmentation refers to inferring boundaries of semantically consistent visual concepts in videos and is an important requirement for many video understanding tasks. For this and other video understanding tasks, supervised approaches have achieved encouraging performance but require a high volume of detailed frame-level annotations. We present a fully automatic and unsupervised approach for segmenting actions in a video that does not require any training. Our proposal is an effective temporally-weighted hierarchical clustering algorithm that can group semantically consistent frames of the video. Our main finding is that representing a video with a 1-nearest neighbor graph by taking into account the time progression is sufficient to form semantically and temporally consistent clusters of frames where each cluster may represent some action in the video. Additionally, we establish strong unsupervised baselines for action segmentation and show significant performance improvements over published unsupervised methods on five challenging action segmentation datasets. Our approach also outperforms weakly-supervised methods by large margins on 4 of these datasets. Interestingly, we also achieve better results than many fully-supervised methods that have reported results on these datasets. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ssarfraz/FINCH-Clustering/tree/master/TW-FINCH" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 71.Paying Attention to Multiscale Feature Maps in Multimodal Image Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11247.pdf)
>  We propose an attention-based approach for multimodal image patch matching using a Transformer encoder attending to the feature maps of a multiscale Siamese CNN. Our encoder is shown to efficiently aggregate multiscale image embeddings while emphasizing task-specific appearance-invariant image cues. We also introduce an attention-residual architecture, using a residual connection bypassing the encoder. This additional learning signal facilitates end-to-end training from scratch. Our approach is experimentally shown to achieve new state-of-the-art accuracy on both multimodal and single modality benchmarks, illustrating its general applicability. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first successful implementation of the Transformer encoder architecture to the multimodal image patch matching task.      
### 72.Artificial intelligence for detection and quantification of rust and leaf miner in coffee crop  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11241.pdf)
>  Pest and disease control plays a key role in agriculture since the damage caused by these agents are responsible for a huge economic loss every year. Based on this assumption, we create an algorithm capable of detecting rust (Hemileia vastatrix) and leaf miner (Leucoptera coffeella) in coffee leaves (Coffea arabica) and quantify disease severity using a mobile application as a high-level interface for the model inferences. We used different convolutional neural network architectures to create the object detector, besides the OpenCV library, k-means, and three treatments: the RGB and value to quantification, and the AFSoft software, in addition to the analysis of variance, where we compare the three methods. The results show an average precision of 81,5% in the detection and that there was no significant statistical difference between treatments to quantify the severity of coffee leaves, proposing a computationally less costly method. The application, together with the trained model, can detect the pest and disease over different image conditions and infection stages and also estimate the disease infection stage.      
### 73.Well Separated Pair Decomposition and power weighted shortest path metric algorithm fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11216.pdf)
>  For $s$ $&gt;$ 0, we consider an algorithm that computes all $s$-well separated pairs in certain point sets in $\mathbb{R}^{n}$, $n$ $&gt;1$. For an integer $K$ $&gt;1$, we also consider an algorithm that is a permutation of Dijkstra's algorithm, that computes $K$-nearest neighbors using a certain power weighted shortest path metric in $\mathbb{R}^{n}$, $n$ $&gt;$ $1$. We describe each algorithm and their respective dependencies on the input data. We introduce a way to combine both algorithms into a fused algorithm. Several open problems are given for future research.      
### 74.Efficient Global Optimization of Non-differentiable, Symmetric Objectives for Multi Camera Placement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11210.pdf)
>  We propose a novel iterative method for optimally placing and orienting multiple cameras in a 3D scene. Sample applications include improving the accuracy of 3D reconstruction, maximizing the covered area for surveillance, or improving the coverage in multi-viewpoint pedestrian tracking. Our algorithm is based on a block-coordinate ascent combined with a surrogate function and an exclusion area technique. This allows to flexibly handle difficult objective functions that are often expensive and quantized or non-differentiable. The solver is globally convergent and easily parallelizable. We show how to accelerate the optimization by exploiting special properties of the objective function, such as symmetry. Additionally, we discuss the trade-off between non-optimal stationary points and the cost reduction when optimizing the viewpoints consecutively.      
### 75.Self-Supervised Steering Angle Prediction for Vehicle Control Using Visual Odometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11204.pdf)
>  Vision-based learning methods for self-driving cars have primarily used supervised approaches that require a large number of labels for training. However, those labels are usually difficult and expensive to obtain. In this paper, we demonstrate how a model can be trained to control a vehicle's trajectory using camera poses estimated through visual odometry methods in an entirely self-supervised fashion. We propose a scalable framework that leverages trajectory information from several different runs using a camera setup placed at the front of a car. Experimental results on the CARLA simulator demonstrate that our proposed approach performs at par with the model trained with supervision.      
### 76.Efficient Spatialtemporal Context Modeling for Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11190.pdf)
>  Contextual information plays an important role in action recognition. Local operations have difficulty to model the relation between two elements with a long-distance interval. However, directly modeling the contextual information between any two points brings huge cost in computation and memory, especially for action recognition, where there is an additional temporal dimension. Inspired from 2D criss-cross attention used in segmentation task, we propose a recurrent 3D criss-cross attention (RCCA-3D) module to model the dense long-range spatiotemporal contextual information in video for action recognition. The global context is factorized into sparse relation maps. We model the relationship between points in the same line along the direction of horizon, vertical and depth at each time, which forms a 3D criss-cross structure, and duplicate the same operation with recurrent mechanism to transmit the relation between points in a line to a plane finally to the whole spatiotemporal space. Compared with the non-local method, the proposed RCCA-3D module reduces the number of parameters and FLOPs by 25% and 11% for video context modeling. We evaluate the performance of RCCA-3D with two latest action recognition networks on three datasets and make a thorough analysis of the architecture, obtaining the best way to factorize and fuse the relation maps. Comparisons with other state-of-the-art methods demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our model.      
### 77.3M: Multi-style image caption generation using Multi-modality features under Multi-UPDOWN model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11186.pdf)
>  In this paper, we build a multi-style generative model for stylish image captioning which uses multi-modality image features, ResNeXt features and text features generated by DenseCap. We propose the 3M model, a Multi-UPDOWN caption model that encodes multi-modality features and decode them to captions. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our model on generating human-like captions by examining its performance on two datasets, the PERSONALITY-CAPTIONS dataset and the FlickrStyle10K dataset. We compare against a variety of state-of-the-art baselines on various automatic NLP metrics such as BLEU, ROUGE-L, CIDEr, SPICE, etc. A qualitative study has also been done to verify our 3M model can be used for generating different stylized captions.      
### 78.Efficient Subsampling for Generating High-Quality Images from Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11166.pdf)
>  Subsampling unconditional generative adversarial networks (GANs) to improve the overall image quality has been studied recently. However, these methods often require high training costs (e.g., storage space, parameter tuning) and may be inefficient or even inapplicable for subsampling conditional GANs, such as class-conditional GANs and continuous conditional GANs (CcGANs), when the condition has many distinct values. In this paper, we propose an efficient method called conditional density ratio estimation in feature space with conditional Softplus loss (cDRE-F-cSP). With cDRE-F-cSP, we estimate an image's conditional density ratio based on a novel conditional Softplus (cSP) loss in the feature space learned by a specially designed ResNet-34 or sparse autoencoder. We then derive the error bound of a conditional density ratio model trained with the proposed cSP loss. Finally, we propose a rejection sampling scheme, termed cDRE-F-cSP+RS, which can subsample both class-conditional GANs and CcGANs efficiently. An extra filtering scheme is also developed for CcGANs to increase the label consistency. Experiments on CIFAR-10 and Tiny-ImageNet datasets show that cDRE-F-cSP+RS can substantially improve the Intra-FID and FID scores of BigGAN. Experiments on RC-49 and UTKFace datasets demonstrate that cDRE-F-cSP+RS also improves Intra-FID, Diversity, and Label Score of CcGANs. Moreover, to show the high efficiency of cDRE-F-cSP+RS, we compare it with the state-of-the-art unconditional subsampling method (i.e., DRE-F-SP+RS). With comparable or even better performance, cDRE-F-cSP+RS only requires about \textbf{10}\% and \textbf{1.7}\% of the training costs spent respectively on CIFAR-10 and UTKFace by DRE-F-SP+RS.      
### 79.MonteFloor: Extending MCTS for Reconstructing Accurate Large-Scale Floor Plans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11161.pdf)
>  We propose a novel method for reconstructing floor plans from noisy 3D point clouds. Our main contribution is a principled approach that relies on the Monte Carlo Tree Search (MCTS) algorithm to maximize a suitable objective function efficiently despite the complexity of the problem. Like previous work, we first project the input point cloud to a top view to create a density map and extract room proposals from it. Our method selects and optimizes the polygonal shapes of these room proposals jointly to fit the density map and outputs an accurate vectorized floor map even for large complex scenes. To do this, we adapted MCTS, an algorithm originally designed to learn to play games, to select the room proposals by maximizing an objective function combining the fitness with the density map as predicted by a deep network and regularizing terms on the room shapes. We also introduce a refinement step to MCTS that adjusts the shape of the room proposals. For this step, we propose a novel differentiable method for rendering the polygonal shapes of these proposals. We evaluate our method on the recent and challenging Structured3D and Floor-SP datasets and show a significant improvement over the state-of-the-art, without imposing any hard constraints nor assumptions on the floor plan configurations.      
### 80.MogFace: Rethinking Scale Augmentation on the Face Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11139.pdf)
>  Face detector frequently confronts extreme scale variance challenge. The famous solutions are Multi-scale training, Data-anchor-sampling and Random crop strategy. In this paper, we indicate 2 significant elements to resolve extreme scale variance problem by investigating the difference among the previous solutions, including the fore-ground and back-ground information of an image and the scale information. However, current excellent solutions can only utilize the former information while neglecting to absorb the latter one effectively. In order to help the detector utilize the scale information efficiently, we analyze the relationship between the detector performance and the scale distribution of the training data. Based on this analysis, we propose a Selective Scale Enhancement (SSE) strategy which can assimilate these two information efficiently and simultaneously. Finally, our method achieves state-of-the-art detection performance on all common face detection benchmarks, including AFW, PASCAL face, FDDB and Wider Face datasets. Note that our result achieves six champions on the Wider Face dataset.      
### 81.High Resolution Face Editing with Masked GAN Latent Code Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11135.pdf)
>  Face editing is a popular research topic in the computer vision community that aims to edit a specific characteristic of a face image. Recent proposed methods are based on either training a conditional encoder-decoder Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) in an end-to-end fashion or on defining an operation in the latent space of a pre-trained vanilla GAN generator model. However, these methods exhibit a certain degree of visual degradation and lack disentanglement properties in the edited images. Moreover, they usually operate on lower image resolution. In this paper, we propose a GAN embedding optimization procedure with spatial and semantic constraints. We optimize a latent code of a GAN, pre-trained on face dataset, to embed a fixed region of the image, while imposing constraints on the inpainted regions with face parsing and attribute classification networks. By latent code optimization, we constrain the result to follow an image probability distribution, as defined by the GAN model. We use such framework to produce high image quality face edits. Due to the spatial constraints introduced, the edited images exhibit higher degree of disentanglement between the desired facial attributes and the rest of the image than other methods. The approach is validated in experiments on three datasets and in comparison with four state-of-the-art approaches. The results demonstrate that the proposed approach is able to edit face images with respect to several facial attributes with unprecedented image quality, while disentangling the undesired factors of variation. Code will be made available.      
### 82.Adaptive Feature Fusion Network for Gaze Tracking in Mobile Tablets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11119.pdf)
>  Recently, many multi-stream gaze estimation methods have been proposed. They estimate gaze from eye and face appearances and achieve reasonable accuracy. However, most of the methods simply concatenate the features extracted from eye and face appearance. The feature fusion process has been ignored. In this paper, we propose a novel Adaptive Feature Fusion Network (AFF-Net), which performs gaze tracking task in mobile tablets. We stack two-eye feature maps and utilize Squeeze-and-Excitation layers to adaptively fuse two-eye features according to their similarity on appearance. Meanwhile, we also propose Adaptive Group Normalization to recalibrate eye features with the guidance of facial feature. Extensive experiments on both GazeCapture and MPIIFaceGaze datasets demonstrate consistently superior performance of the proposed method.      
### 83.A novel multimodal fusion network based on a joint coding model for lane line segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11114.pdf)
>  There has recently been growing interest in utilizing multimodal sensors to achieve robust lane line segmentation. In this paper, we introduce a novel multimodal fusion architecture from an information theory perspective, and demonstrate its practical utility using Light Detection and Ranging (LiDAR) camera fusion networks. In particular, we develop, for the first time, a multimodal fusion network as a joint coding model, where each single node, layer, and pipeline is represented as a channel. The forward propagation is thus equal to the information transmission in the channels. Then, we can qualitatively and quantitatively analyze the effect of different fusion approaches. We argue the optimal fusion architecture is related to the essential capacity and its allocation based on the source and channel. To test this multimodal fusion hypothesis, we progressively determine a series of multimodal models based on the proposed fusion methods and evaluate them on the KITTI and the A2D2 datasets. Our optimal fusion network achieves 85%+ lane line accuracy and 98.7%+ overall. The performance gap among the models will inform continuing future research into development of optimal fusion algorithms for the deep multimodal learning community.      
### 84.Classifier Crafting: Turn Your ConvNet into a Zero-Shot Learner!  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11112.pdf)
>  In Zero-shot learning (ZSL), we classify unseen categories using textual descriptions about their expected appearance when observed (class embeddings) and a disjoint pool of seen classes, for which annotated visual data are accessible. We tackle ZSL by casting a "vanilla" convolutional neural network (e.g. AlexNet, ResNet-101, DenseNet-201 or DarkNet-53) into a zero-shot learner. We do so by crafting the softmax classifier: we freeze its weights using fixed seen classification rules, either semantic (seen class embeddings) or visual (seen class prototypes). Then, we learn a data-driven and ZSL-tailored feature representation on seen classes only to match these fixed classification rules. Given that the latter seamlessly generalize towards unseen classes, while requiring not actual unseen data to be computed, we can perform ZSL inference by augmenting the pool of classification rules at test time while keeping the very same representation we learnt: nowhere re-training or fine-tuning on unseen data is performed. The combination of semantic and visual crafting (by simply averaging softmax scores) improves prior state-of-the-art methods in benchmark datasets for standard, inductive ZSL. After rebalancing predictions to better handle the joint inference over seen and unseen classes, we outperform prior generalized, inductive ZSL methods as well. Also, we gain interpretability at no additional cost, by using neural attention methods (e.g., grad-CAM) as they are. Code will be made publicly available.      
### 85.A Novel Upsampling and Context Convolution for Image Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11110.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation, which refers to pixel-wise classification of an image, is a fundamental topic in computer vision owing to its growing importance in robot vision and autonomous driving industries. It provides rich information about objects in the scene such as object boundary, category, and location. Recent methods for semantic segmentation often employ an encoder-decoder structure using deep convolutional neural networks. The encoder part extracts feature of the image using several filters and pooling operations, whereas the decoder part gradually recovers the low-resolution feature maps of the encoder into a full input resolution feature map for pixel-wise prediction. However, the encoder-decoder variants for semantic segmentation suffer from severe spatial information loss, caused by pooling operations or convolutions with stride, and does not consider the context in the scene. In this paper, we propose a dense upsampling convolution method based on guided filtering to effectively preserve the spatial information of the image in the network. We further propose a novel local context convolution method that not only covers larger-scale objects in the scene but covers them densely for precise object boundary delineation. Theoretical analyses and experimental results on several benchmark datasets verify the effectiveness of our method. Qualitatively, our approach delineates object boundaries at a level of accuracy that is beyond the current excellent methods. Quantitatively, we report a new record of 82.86% and 81.62% of pixel accuracy on ADE20K and Pascal-Context benchmark datasets, respectively. In comparison with the state-of-the-art methods, the proposed method offers promising improvements.      
### 86.Patch AutoAugment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11099.pdf)
>  Data augmentation (DA) plays a critical role in training deep neural networks for improving the generalization of models. Recent work has shown that automatic DA policy, such as AutoAugment (AA), significantly improves model performance. However, most automatic DA methods search for DA policies at the image-level without considering that the optimal policies for different regions in an image may be diverse. In this paper, we propose a patch-level automatic DA algorithm called Patch AutoAugment (PAA). PAA divides an image into a grid of patches and searches for the optimal DA policy of each patch. Specifically, PAA allows each patch DA operation to be controlled by an agent and models it as a Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning (MARL) problem. At each step, PAA samples the most effective operation for each patch based on its content and the semantics of the whole image. The agents cooperate as a team and share a unified team reward for achieving the joint optimal DA policy of the whole image. The experiment shows that PAA consistently improves the target network performance on many benchmark datasets of image classification and fine-grained image recognition. PAA also achieves remarkable computational efficiency, i.e 2.3x faster than FastAA and 56.1x faster than AA on ImageNet.      
### 87.Are High-Frequency Components Beneficial for Training of Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11093.pdf)
>  Advancements in Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have the ability to generate realistic images that are visually indistinguishable from real images. However, recent studies of the image spectrum have demonstrated that generated and real images share significant differences at high frequency. Furthermore, the high-frequency components invisible to human eyes affect the decision of CNNs and are related to the robustness of it. Similarly, whether the discriminator will be sensitive to the high-frequency differences, thus reducing the fitting ability of the generator to the low-frequency components is an open problem. In this paper, we demonstrate that the discriminator in GANs is sensitive to such high-frequency differences that can not be distinguished by humans and the high-frequency components of images are not conducive to the training of GANs. Based on these, we propose two preprocessing methods eliminating high-frequency differences in GANs training: High-Frequency Confusion (HFC) and High-Frequency Filter (HFF). The proposed methods are general and can be easily applied to most existing GANs frameworks with a fraction of the cost. The advanced performance of the proposed method is verified on multiple loss functions, network architectures, and datasets.      
### 88.3DMNDT:3D multi-view registration method based on the normal distributions transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11084.pdf)
>  The normal distributions transform (NDT) is an effective paradigm for the point set registration. This method is originally designed for pair-wise registration and it will suffer from great challenges when applied to multi-view registration. Under the NDT framework, this paper proposes a novel multi-view registration method, named 3D multi-view registration based on the normal distributions transform (3DMNDT), which integrates the K-means clustering and Lie algebra solver to achieve multi-view registration. More specifically, the multi-view registration is cast into the problem of maximum likelihood estimation. Then, the K-means algorithm is utilized to divide all data points into different clusters, where a normal distribution is computed to locally models the probability of measuring a data point in each cluster. Subsequently, the registration problem is formulated by the NDT-based likelihood function. To maximize this likelihood function, the Lie algebra solver is developed to sequentially optimize each rigid transformation. The proposed method alternately implements data point clustering, NDT computing, and likelihood maximization until desired registration results are obtained. Experimental results tested on benchmark data sets illustrate that the proposed method can achieve state-of-the-art performance for multi-view registration.      
### 89.AD-NeRF: Audio Driven Neural Radiance Fields for Talking Head Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11078.pdf)
>  Generating high-fidelity talking head video by fitting with the input audio sequence is a challenging problem that receives considerable attentions recently. In this paper, we address this problem with the aid of neural scene representation networks. Our method is completely different from existing methods that rely on intermediate representations like 2D landmarks or 3D face models to bridge the gap between audio input and video output. Specifically, the feature of input audio signal is directly fed into a conditional implicit function to generate a dynamic neural radiance field, from which a high-fidelity talking-head video corresponding to the audio signal is synthesized using volume rendering. Another advantage of our framework is that not only the head (with hair) region is synthesized as previous methods did, but also the upper body is generated via two individual neural radiance fields. Experimental results demonstrate that our novel framework can (1) produce high-fidelity and natural results, and (2) support free adjustment of audio signals, viewing directions, and background images.      
### 90.Stereo CenterNet based 3D Object Detection for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11071.pdf)
>  In recent years, 3D detection based on stereo cameras has made great progress, but most state-of-the-art methods use anchor-based 2D detection or depth estimation to solve this problem. However, the high computational cost makes these methods difficult to meet real-time performance. In this work, we propose a 3D object detection method using geometric information in stereo images, called Stereo CenterNet. Stereo CenterNet predicts the four semantic key points of the 3D bounding box of the object in space and uses 2D left right boxes, 3D dimension, orientation and key points to restore the bounding box of the object in the 3D space. Then, we use an improved photometric alignment module to further optimize the position of the 3D bounding box. Experiments conducted on the KITTI dataset show that our method achieves the best speed-accuracy trade-off compared with the state-of-the-art methods based on stereo geometry.      
### 91.Visualization of Deep Transfer Learning In SAR Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11061.pdf)
>  Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) imagery has diverse applications in land and marine surveillance. Unlike electro-optical (EO) systems, these systems are not affected by weather conditions and can be used in the day and night times. With the growing importance of SAR imagery, it would be desirable if models trained on widely available EO datasets can also be used for SAR images. In this work, we consider transfer learning to leverage deep features from a network trained on an EO ships dataset and generate predictions on SAR imagery. Furthermore, by exploring the network activations in the form of class-activation maps (CAMs), we visualize the transfer learning process to SAR imagery and gain insight on how a deep network interprets a new modality.      
### 92.Automatic Quantification of Facial Asymmetry using Facial Landmarks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11059.pdf)
>  One-sided facial paralysis causes uneven movements of facial muscles on the sides of the face. Physicians currently assess facial asymmetry in a subjective manner based on their clinical experience. This paper proposes a novel method to provide an objective and quantitative asymmetry score for frontal faces. Our metric has the potential to help physicians for diagnosis as well as monitoring the rehabilitation of patients with one-sided facial paralysis. A deep learning based landmark detection technique is used to estimate style invariant facial landmark points and dense optical flow is used to generate motion maps from a short sequence of frames. Six face regions are considered corresponding to the left and right parts of the forehead, eyes, and mouth. Motion is computed and compared between the left and the right parts of each region of interest to estimate the symmetry score. For testing, asymmetric sequences are synthetically generated from a facial expression dataset. A score equation is developed to quantify symmetry in both symmetric and asymmetric face sequences.      
### 93.ConDA: Continual Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11056.pdf)
>  Domain Adaptation (DA) techniques are important for overcoming the domain shift between the source domain used for training and the target domain where testing takes place. However, current DA methods assume that the entire target domain is available during adaptation, which may not hold in practice. This paper considers a more realistic scenario, where target data become available in smaller batches and adaptation on the entire target domain is not feasible. In our work, we introduce a new, data-constrained DA paradigm where unlabeled target samples are received in batches and adaptation is performed continually. We propose a novel source-free method for continual unsupervised domain adaptation that utilizes a buffer for selective replay of previously seen samples. In our continual DA framework, we selectively mix samples from incoming batches with data stored in a buffer using buffer management strategies and use the combination to incrementally update our model. We evaluate the classification performance of the continual DA approach with state-of-the-art DA methods based on the entire target domain. Our results on three popular DA datasets demonstrate that our method outperforms many existing state-of-the-art DA methods with access to the entire target domain during adaptation.      
### 94.A first step towards automated species recognition from camera trap images of mammals using AI in a European temperate forest  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11052.pdf)
>  Camera traps are used worldwide to monitor wildlife. Despite the increasing availability of Deep Learning (DL) models, the effective usage of this technology to support wildlife monitoring is limited. This is mainly due to the complexity of DL technology and high computing requirements. This paper presents the implementation of the light-weight and state-of-the-art YOLOv5 architecture for automated labeling of camera trap images of mammals in the Bialowieza Forest (BF), Poland. The camera trapping data were organized and harmonized using TRAPPER software, an open source application for managing large-scale wildlife monitoring projects. The proposed image recognition pipeline achieved an average accuracy of 85% F1-score in the identification of the 12 most commonly occurring medium-size and large mammal species in BF using a limited set of training and testing data (a total 2659 images with animals). <br>Based on the preliminary results, we concluded that the YOLOv5 object detection and classification model is a promising light-weight DL solution after the adoption of transfer learning technique. It can be efficiently plugged in via an API into existing web-based camera trapping data processing platforms such as e.g. TRAPPER system. Since TRAPPER is already used to manage and classify (manually) camera trapping datasets by many research groups in Europe, the implementation of AI-based automated species classification may significantly speed up the data processing workflow and thus better support data-driven wildlife monitoring and conservation. Moreover, YOLOv5 developers perform better performance on edge devices which may open a new chapter in animal population monitoring in real time directly from camera trap devices.      
### 95.Bootstrapped Self-Supervised Training with Monocular Video for Semantic Segmentation and Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11031.pdf)
>  For a robot deployed in the world, it is desirable to have the ability of autonomous learning to improve its initial pre-set knowledge. We formalize this as a bootstrapped self-supervised learning problem where a system is initially bootstrapped with supervised training on a labeled dataset and we look for a self-supervised training method that can subsequently improve the system over the supervised training baseline using only unlabeled data. In this work, we leverage temporal consistency between frames in monocular video to perform this bootstrapped self-supervised training. We show that a well-trained state-of-the-art semantic segmentation network can be further improved through our method. In addition, we show that the bootstrapped self-supervised training framework can help a network learn depth estimation better than pure supervised training or self-supervised training.      
### 96.TDIOT: Target-driven Inference for Deep Video Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11017.pdf)
>  Recent tracking-by-detection approaches use deep object detectors as target detection baseline, because of their high performance on still images. For effective video object tracking, object detection is integrated with a data association step performed by either a custom design inference architecture or an end-to-end joint training for tracking purpose. In this work, we adopt the former approach and use the pre-trained Mask R-CNN deep object detector as the baseline. We introduce a novel inference architecture placed on top of FPN-ResNet101 backbone of Mask R-CNN to jointly perform detection and tracking, without requiring additional training for tracking purpose. The proposed single object tracker, TDIOT, applies an appearance similarity-based temporal matching for data association. In order to tackle tracking discontinuities, we incorporate a local search and matching module into the inference head layer that exploits SiamFC for short term tracking. Moreover, in order to improve robustness to scale changes, we introduce a scale adaptive region proposal network that enables to search the target at an adaptively enlarged spatial neighborhood specified by the trace of the target. In order to meet long term tracking requirements, a low cost verification layer is incorporated into the inference architecture to monitor presence of the target based on its LBP histogram model. Performance evaluation on videos from VOT2016, VOT2018 and VOT-LT2018 datasets demonstrate that TDIOT achieves higher accuracy compared to the state-of-the-art short-term trackers while it provides comparable performance in long term tracking.      
### 97.Video Class Agnostic Segmentation Benchmark for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11015.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation approaches are typically trained on large-scale data with a closed finite set of known classes without considering unknown objects. In certain safety-critical robotics applications, especially autonomous driving, it is important to segment all objects, including those unknown at training time. We formalize the task of video class agnostic segmentation from monocular video sequences in autonomous driving to account for unknown objects. Video class agnostic segmentation can be formulated as an open-set or a motion segmentation problem. We discuss both formulations and provide datasets and benchmark different baseline approaches for both tracks. In the motion-segmentation track we benchmark real-time joint panoptic and motion instance segmentation, and evaluate the effect of ego-flow suppression. In the open-set segmentation track we evaluate baseline methods that combine appearance, and geometry to learn prototypes per semantic class. We then compare it to a model that uses an auxiliary contrastive loss to improve the discrimination between known and unknown objects. All datasets and models are publicly released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://msiam.github.io/vca/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 98.AxonNet: A self-supervised Deep Neural Network for Intravoxel Structure Estimation from DW-MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11006.pdf)
>  We present a method for estimating intravoxel parameters from a DW-MRI based on deep learning techniques. We show that neural networks (DNNs) have the potential to extract information from diffusion-weighted signals to reconstruct cerebral tracts. We present two DNN models: one that estimates the axonal structure in the form of a voxel and the other to calculate the structure of the central voxel using the voxel neighborhood. Our methods are based on a proposed parameter representation suitable for the problem. Since it is practically impossible to have real tagged data for any acquisition protocol, we used a self-supervised strategy. Experiments with synthetic data and real data show that our approach is competitive, and the computational times show that our approach is faster than the SOTA methods, even if training times are considered. This computational advantage increases if we consider the prediction of multiple images with the same acquisition protocol.      
### 99.Self-Supervised Classification Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.10994.pdf)
>  We present Self-Classifier -- a novel self-supervised end-to-end classification neural network. Self-Classifier learns labels and representations simultaneously in a single-stage end-to-end manner by optimizing for same-class prediction of two augmented views of the same sample. To guarantee non-degenerate solutions (i.e., solutions where all labels are assigned to the same class), a uniform prior is asserted on the labels. We show mathematically that unlike the regular cross-entropy loss, our approach avoids such solutions. Self-Classifier is simple to implement and is scalable to practically unlimited amounts of data. Unlike other unsupervised classification approaches, it does not require any form of pre-training or the use of expectation maximization algorithms, pseudo-labelling or external clustering. Unlike other contrastive learning representation learning approaches, it does not require a memory bank or a second network. Despite its relative simplicity, our approach achieves comparable results to state-of-the-art performance with ImageNet, CIFAR10 and CIFAR100 for its two objectives: unsupervised classification and unsupervised representation learning. Furthermore, it is the first unsupervised end-to-end classification network to perform well on the large-scale ImageNet dataset. Code will be made available.      
### 100.HDR Video Reconstruction with Tri-Exposure Quad-Bayer Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.10982.pdf)
>  We propose a novel high dynamic range (HDR) video reconstruction method with new tri-exposure quad-bayer sensors. Thanks to the larger number of exposure sets and their spatially uniform deployment over a frame, they are more robust to noise and spatial artifacts than previous spatially varying exposure (SVE) HDR video methods. Nonetheless, the motion blur from longer exposures, the noise from short exposures, and inherent spatial artifacts of the SVE methods remain huge obstacles. Additionally, temporal coherence must be taken into account for the stability of video reconstruction. To tackle these challenges, we introduce a novel network architecture that divides-and-conquers these problems. In order to better adapt the network to the large dynamic range, we also propose LDR-reconstruction loss that takes equal contributions from both the highlighted and the shaded pixels of HDR frames. Through a series of comparisons and ablation studies, we show that the tri-exposure quad-bayer with our solution is more optimal to capture than previous reconstruction methods, particularly for the scenes with larger dynamic range and objects with motion.      
### 101.Probabilistic 3D Human Shape and Pose Estimation from Multiple Unconstrained Images in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.10978.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of 3D human body shape and pose estimation from RGB images. Recent progress in this field has focused on single images, video or multi-view images as inputs. In contrast, we propose a new task: shape and pose estimation from a group of multiple images of a human subject, without constraints on subject pose, camera viewpoint or background conditions between images in the group. Our solution to this task predicts distributions over SMPL body shape and pose parameters conditioned on the input images in the group. We probabilistically combine predicted body shape distributions from each image to obtain a final multi-image shape prediction. We show that the additional body shape information present in multi-image input groups improves 3D human shape estimation metrics compared to single-image inputs on the SSP-3D dataset and a private dataset of tape-measured humans. In addition, predicting distributions over 3D bodies allows us to quantify pose prediction uncertainty, which is useful when faced with challenging input images with significant occlusion. Our method demonstrates meaningful pose uncertainty on the 3DPW dataset and is competitive with the state-of-the-art in terms of pose estimation metrics.      
### 102.Efficient Visual Pretraining with Contrastive Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.10957.pdf)
>  Self-supervised pretraining has been shown to yield powerful representations for transfer learning. These performance gains come at a large computational cost however, with state-of-the-art methods requiring an order of magnitude more computation than supervised pretraining. We tackle this computational bottleneck by introducing a new self-supervised objective, contrastive detection, which tasks representations with identifying object-level features across augmentations. This objective extracts a rich learning signal per image, leading to state-of-the-art transfer performance from ImageNet to COCO, while requiring up to 5x less pretraining. In particular, our strongest ImageNet-pretrained model performs on par with SEER, one of the largest self-supervised systems to date, which uses 1000x more pretraining data. Finally, our objective seamlessly handles pretraining on more complex images such as those in COCO, closing the gap with supervised transfer learning from COCO to PASCAL.      
### 103.On the Robustness of Monte Carlo Dropout Trained with Noisy Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12002.pdf)
>  The memorization effect of deep learning hinders its performance to effectively generalize on test set when learning with noisy labels. Prior study has discovered that epistemic uncertainty techniques are robust when trained with noisy labels compared with neural networks without uncertainty estimation. They obtain prolonged memorization effect and better generalization performance under the adversarial setting of noisy labels. Due to its superior performance amongst other selected epistemic uncertainty methods under noisy labels, we focus on Monte Carlo Dropout (MCDropout) and investigate why it is robust when trained with noisy labels. Through empirical studies on datasets MNIST, CIFAR-10, Animal-10n, we deep dive into three aspects of MCDropout under noisy label setting: 1. efficacy: understanding the learning behavior and test accuracy of MCDropout when training set contains artificially generated or naturally embedded label noise; 2. representation volatility: studying the responsiveness of neurons by examining the mean and standard deviation on each neuron's activation; 3. network sparsity: investigating the network support of MCDropout in comparison with deterministic neural networks. Our findings suggest that MCDropout further sparsifies and regularizes the deterministic neural networks and thus provides higher robustness against noisy labels.      
### 104.Evaluating Post-Training Compression in GANs using Locality-Sensitive Hashing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11912.pdf)
>  The analysis of the compression effects in generative adversarial networks (GANs) after training, i.e. without any fine-tuning, remains an unstudied, albeit important, topic with the increasing trend of their computation and memory requirements. While existing works discuss the difficulty of compressing GANs during training, requiring novel methods designed with the instability of GANs training in mind, we show that existing compression methods (namely clipping and quantization) may be directly applied to compress GANs post-training, without any additional changes. High compression levels may distort the generated set, likely leading to an increase of outliers that may negatively affect the overall assessment of existing k-nearest neighbor (KNN) based metrics. We propose two new precision and recall metrics based on locality-sensitive hashing (LSH), which, on top of increasing the outlier robustness, decrease the complexity of assessing an evaluation sample against $n$ reference samples from $O(n)$ to $O(\log(n))$, if using LSH and KNN, and to $O(1)$, if only applying LSH. We show that low-bit compression of several pre-trained GANs on multiple datasets induces a trade-off between precision and recall, retaining sample quality while sacrificing sample diversity.      
### 105.Glaucoma detection beyond the optic disc: The importance of the peripapillary region using explainable deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11895.pdf)
>  Today, a large number of glaucoma cases remain undetected, resulting in irreversible blindness. In a quest for cost-effective screening, deep learning-based methods are being evaluated to detect glaucoma from color fundus images. Although unprecedented sensitivity and specificity values are reported, recent glaucoma detection deep learning models lack in decision transparency. Here, we propose a methodology that advances explainable deep learning in the field of glaucoma detection and vertical cup-disc ratio (VCDR), an important risk factor. We trained and evaluated a total of 64 deep learning models using fundus images that undergo a certain cropping policy. We defined the circular crop radius as a percentage of image size, centered on the optic nerve head (ONH), with an equidistant spaced range from 10%-60% (ONH crop policy). The inverse of the cropping mask was also applied to quantify the performance of models trained on ONH information exclusively (periphery crop policy). The performance of the models evaluated on original images resulted in an area under the curve (AUC) of 0.94 [95% CI: 0.92-0.96] for glaucoma detection, and a coefficient of determination (R^2) equal to 77% [95% CI: 0.77-0.79] for VCDR estimation. Models that were trained on images with absence of the ONH are still able to obtain significant performance (0.88 [95% CI: 0.85-0.90] AUC for glaucoma detection and 37% [95% CI: 0.35-0.40] R^2 score for VCDR estimation in the most extreme setup of 60% ONH crop). We validated our glaucoma detection models on a recent public data set (REFUGE) that contains images captured with a different camera, still achieving an AUC of 0.80 [95% CI: 0.76-0.84] when ONH crop policy of 60% image size was applied. Our findings provide the first irrefutable evidence that deep learning can detect glaucoma from fundus image regions outside the ONH.      
### 106.Generation and Simulation of Yeast Microscopy Imagery with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11834.pdf)
>  Time-lapse fluorescence microscopy (TLFM) is an important and powerful tool in synthetic biological research. Modeling TLFM experiments based on real data may enable researchers to repeat certain experiments with minor effort. This thesis is a study towards deep learning-based modeling of TLFM experiments on the image level. The modeling of TLFM experiments, by way of the example of trapped yeast cells, is split into two tasks. The first task is to generate synthetic image data based on real image data. To approach this problem, a novel generative adversarial network, for conditionalized and unconditionalized image generation, is proposed. The second task is the simulation of brightfield microscopy images over multiple discrete time-steps. To tackle this simulation task an advanced future frame prediction model is introduced. The proposed models are trained and tested on a novel dataset that is presented in this thesis. The obtained results showed that the modeling of TLFM experiments, with deep learning, is a proper approach, but requires future research to effectively model real-world experiments.      
### 107.GNAS: A Generalized Neural Network Architecture Search Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11820.pdf)
>  In practice, the problems encountered in training NAS (Neural Architecture Search) are not simplex, but a series of combinations of difficulties are often faced(incorrect compensation estimation, curse of dimension, overfitting, high complexity, etc.). From the point of view for solving practical problems, this paper makes reference and improvement to the previous researches which only solve the single problem of NAS, and combines them into a practical technology flow. This paper propose a framework that decouples the network structure from the search space for operators. We use two BOHBs(Bayesian Optimization Hyperband) to search alternately in the vast network structure and operator search space. And then, we trained a GCN-baesd predictor using the feedback of the child model. This approach takes care of the dimension curse while improving efficiency. Considering that activation function and initialization are also important components of neural network, and can affect the generalization ability of the model. This paper introduced an activation function and an initialization method domain, join them to the operator search space to form a generalized search space, thus improving the generalization ability of the child model. At last, We applied our framework to neural architecture search and achieved significant improvements on multiple datasets.      
### 108.Measuring and modeling the motor system with machine learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11775.pdf)
>  The utility of machine learning in understanding the motor system is promising a revolution in how to collect, measure, and analyze data. The field of movement science already elegantly incorporates theory and engineering principles to guide experimental work, and in this review we discuss the growing use of machine learning: from pose estimation, kinematic analyses, dimensionality reduction, and closed-loop feedback, to its use in understanding neural correlates and untangling sensorimotor systems. We also give our perspective on new avenues where markerless motion capture combined with biomechanical modeling and neural networks could be a new platform for hypothesis-driven research.      
### 109.Automatic Pulmonary Artery and Vein Separation Algorithm Based on Multitask Classification Network and Topology Reconstruction in Chest CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11736.pdf)
>  With the development of medical computer-aided diagnostic systems, pulmonary artery-vein(A/V) reconstruction plays a crucial role in assisting doctors in preoperative planning for lung cancer surgery. However, distinguishing arterial from venous irrigation in chest CT images remains a challenge due to the similarity and complex structure of the arteries and veins. We propose a novel method for automatic separation of pulmonary arteries and veins from chest CT images. The method consists of three parts. First, global connection information and local feature information are used to construct a complete topological tree and ensure the continuity of vessel reconstruction. Second, the multitask classification network proposed can automatically learn the differences between arteries and veins at different scales to reduce classification errors caused by changes in terminal vessel characteristics. Finally, the topology optimizer considers interbranch and intrabranch topological relationships to maintain spatial consistency to avoid the misclassification of A/V irrigations. We validate the performance of the method on chest CT images. Compared with manual classification, the proposed method achieves an average accuracy of 96.2% on noncontrast chest CT. In addition, the method has been proven to have good generalization, that is, the accuracies of 93.8% and 94.8% are obtained for CT scans from other devices and other modes, respectively. The result of pulmonary artery-vein reconstruction obtained by the proposed method can provide better assistance for preoperative planning of lung cancer surgery.      
### 110.Retinal-inspired Filtering for Dynamic Image Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11716.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a novel non-Separable sPAtioteMporal filter (non-SPAM) which enables the spatiotemporal decomposition of a still-image. The construction of this filter is inspired by the model of the retina which is able to selectively transmit information to the brain. The non-SPAM filter mimics the retinal-way to extract necessary information for a dynamic encoding/decoding system. We applied the non-SPAM filter on a still image which is flashed for a long time. We prove that the non-SPAM filter decomposes the still image over a set of time-varying difference of Gaussians, which form a frame. We simulate the analysis and synthesis system based on this frame. This system results in a progressive reconstruction of the input image. Both the theoretical and numerical results show that the quality of the reconstruction improves while the time increases.      
### 111.Spatially Dependent U-Nets: Highly Accurate Architectures for Medical Imaging Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11713.pdf)
>  In clinical practice, regions of interest in medical imaging often need to be identified through a process of precise image segmentation. The quality of this image segmentation step critically affects the subsequent clinical assessment of the patient status. To enable high accuracy, automatic image segmentation, we introduce a novel deep neural network architecture that exploits the inherent spatial coherence of anatomical structures and is well equipped to capture long-range spatial dependencies in the segmented pixel/voxel space. In contrast to the state-of-the-art solutions based on convolutional layers, our approach leverages on recently introduced spatial dependency layers that have an unbounded receptive field and explicitly model the inductive bias of spatial coherence. Our method performs favourably to commonly used U-Net and U-Net++ architectures as demonstrated by improved Dice and Jaccardscore in three different medical segmentation tasks: nuclei segmentation in microscopy images, polyp segmentation in colonoscopy videos, and liver segmentation in abdominal CT scans.      
### 112.Predicting brain-age from raw T 1 -weighted Magnetic Resonance Imaging data using 3D Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11695.pdf)
>  Age prediction based on Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) data of the brain is a biomarker to quantify the progress of brain diseases and aging. Current approaches rely on preparing the data with multiple preprocessing steps, such as registering voxels to a standardized brain atlas, which yields a significant computational overhead, hampers widespread usage and results in the predicted brain-age to be sensitive to preprocessing parameters. Here we describe a 3D Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based on the ResNet architecture being trained on raw, non-registered T$_ 1$-weighted MRI data of N=10,691 samples from the German National Cohort and additionally applied and validated in N=2,173 samples from three independent studies using transfer learning. For comparison, state-of-the-art models using preprocessed neuroimaging data are trained and validated on the same samples. The 3D CNN using raw neuroimaging data predicts age with a mean average deviation of 2.84 years, outperforming the state-of-the-art brain-age models using preprocessed data. Since our approach is invariant to preprocessing software and parameter choices, it enables faster, more robust and more accurate brain-age modeling.      
### 113.Evaluating glioma growth predictions as a forward ranking problem  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11651.pdf)
>  The problem of tumor growth prediction is challenging, but promising results have been achieved with both model-driven and statistical methods. In this work, we present a framework for the evaluation of growth predictions that focuses on the spatial infiltration patterns, and specifically evaluating a prediction of future growth. We propose to frame the problem as a ranking problem rather than a segmentation problem. Using the average precision as a metric, we can evaluate the results with segmentations while using the full spatiotemporal prediction. Furthermore, by separating the model goodness-of-fit from future predictive performance, we show that in some cases, a better fit of model parameters does not guarantee a better the predictive power.      
### 114.Adversarially Optimized Mixup for Robust Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11589.pdf)
>  Mixup is a procedure for data augmentation that trains networks to make smoothly interpolated predictions between datapoints. Adversarial training is a strong form of data augmentation that optimizes for worst-case predictions in a compact space around each data-point, resulting in neural networks that make much more robust predictions. In this paper, we bring these ideas together by adversarially probing the space between datapoints, using projected gradient descent (PGD). The fundamental approach in this work is to leverage backpropagation through the mixup interpolation during training to optimize for places where the network makes unsmooth and incongruous predictions. Additionally, we also explore several modifications and nuances, like optimization of the mixup ratio and geometrical label assignment, and discuss their impact on enhancing network robustness. Through these ideas, we have been able to train networks that robustly generalize better; experiments on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 demonstrate consistent improvements in accuracy against strong adversaries, including the recent strong ensemble attack AutoAttack. Our source code would be released for reproducibility.      
### 115.Learn-to-Race: A Multimodal Control Environment for Autonomous Racing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11575.pdf)
>  Existing research on autonomous driving primarily focuses on urban driving, which is insufficient for characterising the complex driving behaviour underlying high-speed racing. At the same time, existing racing simulation frameworks struggle in capturing realism, with respect to visual rendering, vehicular dynamics, and task objectives, inhibiting the transfer of learning agents to real-world contexts. We introduce a new environment, where agents Learn-to-Race (L2R) in simulated Formula-E style racing, using multimodal information--from virtual cameras to a comprehensive array of inertial measurement sensors. Our environment, which includes a simulator and an interfacing training framework, accurately models vehicle dynamics and racing conditions. In this paper, we release the Arrival simulator for autonomous racing. Next, we propose the L2R task with challenging metrics, inspired by learning-to-drive challenges, Formula-E racing, and multimodal trajectory prediction for autonomous driving. Additionally, we provide the L2R framework suite, facilitating simulated racing on high-precision models of real-world tracks, such as the famed Thruxton Circuit and the Las Vegas Motor Speedway. Finally, we provide an official L2R task dataset of expert demonstrations, as well as a series of baseline experiments and reference implementations. We will make our code publicly available.      
### 116.How to Design Sample and Computationally Efficient VQA Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11537.pdf)
>  In multi-modal reasoning tasks, such as visual question answering (VQA), there have been many modeling and training paradigms tested. Previous models propose different methods for the vision and language tasks, but which ones perform the best while being sample and computationally efficient? Based on our experiments, we find that representing the text as probabilistic programs and images as object-level scene graphs best satisfy these desiderata. We extend existing models to leverage these soft programs and scene graphs to train on question answer pairs in an end-to-end manner. Empirical results demonstrate that this differentiable end-to-end program executor is able to maintain state-of-the-art accuracy while being sample and computationally efficient.      
### 117.Conditional Frechet Inception Distance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11521.pdf)
>  We consider distance functions between conditional distributions functions. We focus on the Wasserstein metric and its Gaussian case known as the Frechet Inception Distance (FID).We develop conditional versions of these metrics, and analyze their relations. Then, we numerically compare the metrics inthe context of performance evaluation of conditional generative models. Our results show that the metrics are similar in classical models which are less susceptible to conditional collapse. But the conditional distances are more informative in modern unsuper-vised, semisupervised and unpaired models where learning the relations between the inputs and outputs is the main challenge.      
### 118.ProgressiveSpinalNet architecture for FC layers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11373.pdf)
>  In deeplearning models the FC (fully connected) layer has biggest important role for classification of the input based on the learned features from previous layers. The FC layers has highest numbers of parameters and fine-tuning these large numbers of parameters, consumes most of the computational resources, so in this paper it is aimed to reduce these large numbers of parameters significantly with improved performance. The motivation is inspired from SpinalNet and other biological architecture. The proposed architecture has a gradient highway between input to output layers and this solves the problem of diminishing gradient in deep networks. In this all the layers receives the input from previous layers as well as the CNN layer output and this way all layers contribute in decision making with last layer. This approach has improved classification performance over the SpinalNet architecture and has SOTA performance on many datasets such as Caltech101, KMNIST, QMNIST and EMNIST. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/praveenchopra/ProgressiveSpinalNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 119.Unsupervised Learning of Depth Estimation and Visual Odometry for Sparse Light Field Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11322.pdf)
>  While an exciting diversity of new imaging devices is emerging that could dramatically improve robotic perception, the challenges of calibrating and interpreting these cameras have limited their uptake in the robotics community. In this work we generalise techniques from unsupervised learning to allow a robot to autonomously interpret new kinds of cameras. We consider emerging sparse light field (LF) cameras, which capture a subset of the 4D LF function describing the set of light rays passing through a plane. We introduce a generalised encoding of sparse LFs that allows unsupervised learning of odometry and depth. We demonstrate the proposed approach outperforming monocular and conventional techniques for dealing with 4D imagery, yielding more accurate odometry and depth maps and delivering these with metric scale. We anticipate our technique to generalise to a broad class of LF and sparse LF cameras, and to enable unsupervised recalibration for coping with shifts in camera behaviour over the lifetime of a robot. This work represents a first step toward streamlining the integration of new kinds of imaging devices in robotics applications.      
### 120.High precision control and deep learning-based corn stand counting algorithms for agricultural robot  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11276.pdf)
>  This paper presents high precision control and deep learning-based corn stand counting algorithms for a low-cost, ultra-compact 3D printed and autonomous field robot for agricultural operations. Currently, plant traits, such as emergence rate, biomass, vigor, and stand counting, are measured manually. This is highly labor-intensive and prone to errors. The robot, termed TerraSentia, is designed to automate the measurement of plant traits for efficient phenotyping as an alternative to manual measurements. In this paper, we formulate a Nonlinear Moving Horizon Estimator (NMHE) that identifies key terrain parameters using onboard robot sensors and a learning-based Nonlinear Model Predictive Control (NMPC) that ensures high precision path tracking in the presence of unknown wheel-terrain interaction. Moreover, we develop a machine vision algorithm designed to enable an ultra-compact ground robot to count corn stands by driving through the fields autonomously. The algorithm leverages a deep network to detect corn plants in images, and a visual tracking model to re-identify detected objects at different time steps. We collected data from 53 corn plots in various fields for corn plants around 14 days after emergence (stage V3 - V4). The robot predictions have agreed well with the ground truth with $C_{robot}=1.02 \times C_{human}-0.86$ and a correlation coefficient $R=0.96$. The mean relative error given by the algorithm is $-3.78\%$, and the standard deviation is $6.76\%$. These results indicate a first and significant step towards autonomous robot-based real-time phenotyping using low-cost, ultra-compact ground robots for corn and potentially other crops.      
### 121.Structural Textile Pattern Recognition and Processing Based on Hypergraphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11271.pdf)
>  The humanities, like many other areas of society, are currently undergoing major changes in the wake of digital transformation. However, in order to make collection of digitised material in this area easily accessible, we often still lack adequate search functionality. For instance, digital archives for textiles offer keyword search, which is fairly well understood, and arrange their content following a certain taxonomy, but search functionality at the level of thread structure is still missing. To facilitate the clustering and search, we introduce an approach for recognising similar weaving patterns based on their structures for textile archives. We first represent textile structures using hypergraphs and extract multisets of k-neighbourhoods describing weaving patterns from these graphs. Then, the resulting multisets are clustered using various distance measures and various clustering algorithms (K-Means for simplicity and hierarchical agglomerative algorithms for precision). We evaluate the different variants of our approach experimentally, showing that this can be implemented efficiently (meaning it has linear complexity), and demonstrate its quality to query and cluster datasets containing large textile samples. As, to the est of our knowledge, this is the first practical approach for explicitly modelling complex and irregular weaving patterns usable for retrieval, we aim at establishing a solid baseline.      
### 122.Boundary Attributions Provide Normal (Vector) Explanations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11257.pdf)
>  Recent work on explaining Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) focuses on attributing the model's output scores to input features. However, when it comes to classification problems, a more fundamental question is how much does each feature contributes to the model's decision to classify an input instance into a specific class. Our first contribution is Boundary Attribution, a new explanation method to address this question. BA leverages an understanding of the geometry of activation regions. Specifically, they involve computing (and aggregating) normal vectors of the local decision boundaries for the target input. Our second contribution is a set of analytical results connecting the adversarial robustness of the network and the quality of gradient-based explanations. Specifically, we prove two theorems for ReLU networks: BA of randomized smoothed networks or robustly trained networks is much closer to non-boundary attribution methods than that in standard networks. These analytics encourage users to improve model robustness for high-quality explanations. Finally, we evaluate the proposed methods on ImageNet and show BAs produce more concentrated and sharper visualizations compared with non-boundary ones. We further demonstrate that our method also helps to reduce the sensitivity of attributions to the baseline input if one is required.      
### 123.Multi Camera Placement via Z-buffer Rendering for the Optimization of the Coverage and the Visual Hull  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11211.pdf)
>  We can only allow human-robot-cooperation in a common work cell if the human integrity is guaranteed. A surveillance system with multiple cameras can detect collisions without contact to the human collaborator. A failure safe system needs to optimally cover the important areas of the robot work cell with safety overlap. We propose an efficient algorithm for optimally placing and orienting the cameras in a 3D CAD model of the work cell. In order to evaluate the quality of the camera constellation in each step, our method simulates the vision system using a z-buffer rendering technique for image acquisition, a voxel space for the overlap and a refined visual hull method for a conservative human reconstruction. The simulation allows to evaluate the quality with respect to the distortion of images and advanced image analysis in the presence of static and dynamic visual obstacles such as tables, racks, walls, robots and people. Our method is ideally suited for maximizing the coverage of multiple cameras or minimizing an error made by the visual hull and can be extended to probabilistic space carving.      
### 124.Your Classifier can Secretly Suffice Multi-Source Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11169.pdf)
>  Multi-Source Domain Adaptation (MSDA) deals with the transfer of task knowledge from multiple labeled source domains to an unlabeled target domain, under a domain-shift. Existing methods aim to minimize this domain-shift using auxiliary distribution alignment objectives. In this work, we present a different perspective to MSDA wherein deep models are observed to implicitly align the domains under label supervision. Thus, we aim to utilize implicit alignment without additional training objectives to perform adaptation. To this end, we use pseudo-labeled target samples and enforce a classifier agreement on the pseudo-labels, a process called Self-supervised Implicit Alignment (SImpAl). We find that SImpAl readily works even under category-shift among the source domains. Further, we propose classifier agreement as a cue to determine the training convergence, resulting in a simple training algorithm. We provide a thorough evaluation of our approach on five benchmarks, along with detailed insights into each component of our approach.      
### 125.Attribution of Gradient Based Adversarial Attacks for Reverse Engineering of Deceptions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.11002.pdf)
>  Machine Learning (ML) algorithms are susceptible to adversarial attacks and deception both during training and deployment. Automatic reverse engineering of the toolchains behind these adversarial machine learning attacks will aid in recovering the tools and processes used in these attacks. In this paper, we present two techniques that support automated identification and attribution of adversarial ML attack toolchains using Co-occurrence Pixel statistics and Laplacian Residuals. Our experiments show that the proposed techniques can identify parameters used to generate adversarial samples. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first approach to attribute gradient based adversarial attacks and estimate their parameters. Source code and data is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/michael-goebel/ei_red" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
