# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 25 Mar 2021
### 1.One-Shot GAN: Learning to Generate Samples from Single Images and Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13389.pdf)
>  Given a large number of training samples, GANs can achieve remarkable performance for the image synthesis task. However, training GANs in extremely low-data regimes remains a challenge, as overfitting often occurs, leading to memorization or training divergence. In this work, we introduce One-Shot GAN, an unconditional generative model that can learn to generate samples from a single training image or a single video clip. We propose a two-branch discriminator architecture, with content and layout branches designed to judge internal content and scene layout realism separately from each other. This allows synthesis of visually plausible, novel compositions of a scene, with varying content and layout, while preserving the context of the original sample. Compared to previous single-image GAN models, One-Shot GAN generates more diverse, higher quality images, while also not being restricted to a single image setting. We show that our model successfully deals with other one-shot regimes, and introduce a new task of learning generative models from a single video.      
### 2.Affective Processes: stochastic modelling of temporal context for emotion and facial expression recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13372.pdf)
>  Temporal context is key to the recognition of expressions of emotion. Existing methods, that rely on recurrent or self-attention models to enforce temporal consistency, work on the feature level, ignoring the task-specific temporal dependencies, and fail to model context uncertainty. To alleviate these issues, we build upon the framework of Neural Processes to propose a method for apparent emotion recognition with three key novel components: (a) probabilistic contextual representation with a global latent variable model; (b) temporal context modelling using task-specific predictions in addition to features; and (c) smart temporal context selection. We validate our approach on four databases, two for Valence and Arousal estimation (SEWA and AffWild2), and two for Action Unit intensity estimation (DISFA and BP4D). Results show a consistent improvement over a series of strong baselines as well as over state-of-the-art methods.      
### 3.Structured Co-reference Graph Attention for Video-grounded Dialogue  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13361.pdf)
>  A video-grounded dialogue system referred to as the Structured Co-reference Graph Attention (SCGA) is presented for decoding the answer sequence to a question regarding a given video while keeping track of the dialogue context. Although recent efforts have made great strides in improving the quality of the response, performance is still far from satisfactory. The two main challenging issues are as follows: (1) how to deduce co-reference among multiple modalities and (2) how to reason on the rich underlying semantic structure of video with complex spatial and temporal dynamics. To this end, SCGA is based on (1) Structured Co-reference Resolver that performs dereferencing via building a structured graph over multiple modalities, (2) Spatio-temporal Video Reasoner that captures local-to-global dynamics of video via gradually neighboring graph attention. SCGA makes use of pointer network to dynamically replicate parts of the question for decoding the answer sequence. The validity of the proposed SCGA is demonstrated on AVSD@DSTC7 and AVSD@DSTC8 datasets, a challenging video-grounded dialogue benchmarks, and TVQA dataset, a large-scale videoQA benchmark. Our empirical results show that SCGA outperforms other state-of-the-art dialogue systems on both benchmarks, while extensive ablation study and qualitative analysis reveal performance gain and improved interpretability.      
### 4.Object Localization Through a Single Multiple-Model Convolutional Neural Network with a Specific Training Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13339.pdf)
>  Object localization has a vital role in any object detector, and therefore, has been the focus of attention by many researchers. In this article, a special training approach is proposed for a light convolutional neural network (CNN) to determine the region of interest (ROI) in an image while effectively reducing the number of probable anchor boxes. Almost all CNN-based detectors utilize a fixed input size image, which may yield poor performance when dealing with various object sizes. In this paper, a different CNN structure is proposed taking three different input sizes, to enhance the performance. In order to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method, two common data set are used for training while tracking by localization application is considered to demonstrate its final performance. The promising results indicate the applicability of the presented structure and the training method in practice.      
### 5.DNN Quantization with Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13322.pdf)
>  Low-bit quantization of network weights and activations can drastically reduce the memory footprint, complexity, energy consumption and latency of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs). However, low-bit quantization can also cause a considerable drop in accuracy, in particular when we apply it to complex learning tasks or lightweight DNN architectures. In this paper, we propose a training procedure that relaxes the low-bit quantization. We call this procedure \textit{DNN Quantization with Attention} (DQA). The relaxation is achieved by using a learnable linear combination of high, medium and low-bit quantizations. Our learning procedure converges step by step to a low-bit quantization using an attention mechanism with temperature scheduling. In experiments, our approach outperforms other low-bit quantization techniques on various object recognition benchmarks such as CIFAR10, CIFAR100 and ImageNet ILSVRC 2012, achieves almost the same accuracy as a full precision DNN, and considerably reduces the accuracy drop when quantizing lightweight DNN architectures.      
### 6.Factors of Influence for Transfer Learning across Diverse Appearance Domains and Task Types  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13318.pdf)
>  Transfer learning enables to re-use knowledge learned on a source task to help learning a target task. A simple form of transfer learning is common in current state-of-the-art computer vision models, i.e. pre-training a model for image classification on the ILSVRC dataset, and then fine-tune on any target task. However, previous systematic studies of transfer learning have been limited and the circumstances in which it is expected to work are not fully understood. In this paper we carry out an extensive experimental exploration of transfer learning across vastly different image domains (consumer photos, autonomous driving, aerial imagery, underwater, indoor scenes, synthetic, close-ups) and task types (semantic segmentation, object detection, depth estimation, keypoint detection). Importantly, these are all complex, structured output tasks types relevant to modern computer vision applications. In total we carry out over 1200 transfer experiments, including many where the source and target come from different image domains, task types, or both. We systematically analyze these experiments to understand the impact of image domain, task type, and dataset size on transfer learning performance. Our study leads to several insights and concrete recommendations for practitioners.      
### 7.AcinoSet: A 3D Pose Estimation Dataset and Baseline Models for Cheetahs in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13282.pdf)
>  Animals are capable of extreme agility, yet understanding their complex dynamics, which have ecological, biomechanical and evolutionary implications, remains challenging. Being able to study this incredible agility will be critical for the development of next-generation autonomous legged robots. In particular, the cheetah (acinonyx jubatus) is supremely fast and maneuverable, yet quantifying its whole-body 3D kinematic data during locomotion in the wild remains a challenge, even with new deep learning-based methods. In this work we present an extensive dataset of free-running cheetahs in the wild, called AcinoSet, that contains 119,490 frames of multi-view synchronized high-speed video footage, camera calibration files and 7,588 human-annotated frames. We utilize markerless animal pose estimation to provide 2D keypoints. Then, we use three methods that serve as strong baselines for 3D pose estimation tool development: traditional sparse bundle adjustment, an Extended Kalman Filter, and a trajectory optimization-based method we call Full Trajectory Estimation. The resulting 3D trajectories, human-checked 3D ground truth, and an interactive tool to inspect the data is also provided. We believe this dataset will be useful for a diverse range of fields such as ecology, neuroscience, robotics, biomechanics as well as computer vision.      
### 8.FakeMix Augmentation Improves Transparent Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13279.pdf)
>  Detecting transparent objects in natural scenes is challenging due to the low contrast in texture, brightness and colors. Recent deep-learning-based works reveal that it is effective to leverage boundaries for transparent object detection (TOD). However, these methods usually encounter boundary-related imbalance problem, leading to limited generation capability. Detailly, a kind of boundaries in the background, which share the same characteristics with boundaries of transparent objects but have much smaller amounts, usually hurt the performance. To conquer the boundary-related imbalance problem, we propose a novel content-dependent data augmentation method termed FakeMix. Considering collecting these trouble-maker boundaries in the background is hard without corresponding annotations, we elaborately generate them by appending the boundaries of transparent objects from other samples into the current image during training, which adjusts the data space and improves the generalization of the models. Further, we present AdaptiveASPP, an enhanced version of ASPP, that can capture multi-scale and cross-modality features dynamically. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our methods clearly outperform the state-of-the-art methods. We also show that our approach can also transfer well on related tasks, in which the model meets similar troubles, such as mirror detection, glass detection, and camouflaged object detection. Code will be made publicly available.      
### 9.Dynamic Slimmable Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13258.pdf)
>  Current dynamic networks and dynamic pruning methods have shown their promising capability in reducing theoretical computation complexity. However, dynamic sparse patterns on convolutional filters fail to achieve actual acceleration in real-world implementation, due to the extra burden of indexing, weight-copying, or zero-masking. Here, we explore a dynamic network slimming regime, named Dynamic Slimmable Network (DS-Net), which aims to achieve good hardware-efficiency via dynamically adjusting filter numbers of networks at test time with respect to different inputs, while keeping filters stored statically and contiguously in hardware to prevent the extra burden. Our DS-Net is empowered with the ability of dynamic inference by the proposed double-headed dynamic gate that comprises an attention head and a slimming head to predictively adjust network width with negligible extra computation cost. To ensure generality of each candidate architecture and the fairness of gate, we propose a disentangled two-stage training scheme inspired by one-shot NAS. In the first stage, a novel training technique for weight-sharing networks named In-place Ensemble Bootstrapping is proposed to improve the supernet training efficacy. In the second stage, Sandwich Gate Sparsification is proposed to assist the gate training by identifying easy and hard samples in an online way. Extensive experiments demonstrate our DS-Net consistently outperforms its static counterparts as well as state-of-the-art static and dynamic model compression methods by a large margin (up to 5.9%). Typically, DS-Net achieves 2-4x computation reduction and 1.62x real-world acceleration over ResNet-50 and MobileNet with minimal accuracy drops on ImageNet. Code release: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/changlin31/DS-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 10.Learning Versatile Neural Architectures by Propagating Network Codes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13253.pdf)
>  This work explores how to design a single neural network that is capable of adapting to multiple heterogeneous tasks of computer vision, such as image segmentation, 3D detection, and video recognition. This goal is challenging because network architecture designs in different tasks are inconsistent. We solve this challenge by proposing Network Coding Propagation (NCP), a novel "neural predictor", which is able to predict an architecture's performance in multiple datasets and tasks. Unlike prior arts of neural architecture search (NAS) that typically focus on a single task, NCP has several unique benefits. (1) NCP can be trained on different NAS benchmarks, such as NAS-Bench-201 and NAS-Bench-MR, which contains a novel network space designed by us for jointly searching an architecture among multiple tasks, including ImageNet, Cityscapes, KITTI, and HMDB51. (2) NCP learns from network codes but not original data, enabling it to update the architecture efficiently across datasets. (3) Extensive experiments evaluate NCP on object classification, detection, segmentation, and video recognition. For example, with 17\% fewer FLOPs, a single architecture returned by NCP achieves 86\% and 77.16\% on ImageNet-50-1000 and Cityscapes respectively, outperforming its counterparts. More interestingly, NCP enables a single architecture applicable to both image segmentation and video recognition, which achieves competitive performance on both HMDB51 and ADE20K compared to the singular counterparts. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dingmyu/NCP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dingmyu/NCP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.Generic Merging of Structure from Motion Maps with a Low Memory Footprint  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13246.pdf)
>  With the development of cheap image sensors, the amount of available image data have increased enormously, and the possibility of using crowdsourced collection methods has emerged. This calls for development of ways to handle all these data. In this paper, we present new tools that will enable efficient, flexible and robust map merging. Assuming that separate optimisations have been performed for the individual maps, we show how only relevant data can be stored in a low memory footprint representation. We use these representations to perform map merging so that the algorithm is invariant to the merging order and independent of the choice of coordinate system. The result is a robust algorithm that can be applied to several maps simultaneously. The result of a merge can also be represented with the same type of low-memory footprint format, which enables further merging and updating of the map in a hierarchical way. Furthermore, the method can perform loop closing and also detect changes in the scene between the capture of the different image sequences. Using both simulated and real data - from both a hand held mobile phone and from a drone - we verify the performance of the proposed method.      
### 12.Structure-Aware Face Clustering on a Large-Scale Graph with $\bf{10^{7}}$ Nodes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13225.pdf)
>  Face clustering is a promising method for annotating unlabeled face images. Recent supervised approaches have boosted the face clustering accuracy greatly, however their performance is still far from satisfactory. These methods can be roughly divided into global-based and local-based ones. Global-based methods suffer from the limitation of training data scale, while local-based ones are difficult to grasp the whole graph structure information and usually take a long time for inference. Previous approaches fail to tackle these two challenges simultaneously. To address the dilemma of large-scale training and efficient inference, we propose the STructure-AwaRe Face Clustering (STAR-FC) method. Specifically, we design a structure-preserved subgraph sampling strategy to explore the power of large-scale training data, which can increase the training data scale from ${10^{5}}$ to ${10^{7}}$. During inference, the STAR-FC performs efficient full-graph clustering with two steps: graph parsing and graph refinement. And the concept of node intimacy is introduced in the second step to mine the local structural information. The STAR-FC gets 91.97 pairwise F-score on partial MS1M within 310s which surpasses the state-of-the-arts. Furthermore, we are the first to train on very large-scale graph with 20M nodes, and achieve superior inference results on 12M testing data. Overall, as a simple and effective method, the proposed STAR-FC provides a strong baseline for large-scale face clustering. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sstzal.github.io/STAR-FC/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 13.DRO: Deep Recurrent Optimizer for Structure-from-Motion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13201.pdf)
>  There are increasing interests of studying the structure-from-motion (SfM) problem with machine learning techniques. While earlier methods directly learn a mapping from images to depth maps and camera poses, more recent works enforce multi-view geometry through optimization embed in the learning framework. This paper presents a novel optimization method based on recurrent neural networks to further exploit the potential of neural networks in SfM. Our neural optimizer alternatively updates the depth and camera poses through iterations to minimize a feature-metric cost. Two gated recurrent units are designed to trace the historical information during the iterations. Our network works as a zeroth-order optimizer, where the computation and memory expensive cost volume or gradients are avoided. Experiments demonstrate that our recurrent optimizer effectively reduces the feature-metric cost while refining the depth and poses. Our method outperforms previous methods and is more efficient in computation and memory consumption than cost-volume-based methods. The code of our method will be made public.      
### 14.The Blessings of Unlabeled Background in Untrimmed Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13183.pdf)
>  Weakly-supervised Temporal Action Localization (WTAL) aims to detect the intervals of action instances with only video-level action labels available during training. The key challenge is how to distinguish the segments of interest from the background segments, which are unlabelled even on the video-level. While previous works treat the background as "curses", we consider it as "blessings". Specifically, we first use causal analysis to point out that the common localization errors are due to the unobserved and un-enumerated confounder that resides ubiquitously in visual recognition. Then, we propose a Temporal Smoothing PCA-based (TS-PCA) deconfounder, which exploits the unlabelled background to model an observed substitute for the confounder, to remove the confounding effect. Note that the proposed deconfounder is model-agnostic and non-intrusive, and hence can be applied in any WTAL method without modification. Through extensive experiments on four state-of-the-art WTAL methods, we show that the deconfounder can improve all of them on the public datasets: THUMOS-14 and ActivityNet-1.3.      
### 15.PureGaze: Purifying Gaze Feature for Generalizable Gaze Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13173.pdf)
>  Gaze estimation methods learn eye gaze from facial features. However, among rich information in the facial image, real gaze-relevant features only correspond to subtle changes in eye region, while other gaze-irrelevant features like illumination, personal appearance and even facial expression may affect the learning in an unexpected way. This is a major reason why existing methods show significant performance degradation in cross-domain/dataset evaluation. In this paper, we tackle the domain generalization problem in cross-domain gaze estimation for unknown target domains. To be specific, we realize the domain generalization by gaze feature purification. We eliminate gaze-irrelevant factors such as illumination and identity to improve the cross-dataset performance without knowing the target dataset. We design a plug-and-play self-adversarial framework for the gaze feature purification. The framework enhances not only our baseline but also existing gaze estimation methods directly and significantly. Our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance in different benchmarks. Meanwhile, the purification is easily explainable via visualization.      
### 16.M3DSSD: Monocular 3D Single Stage Object Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13164.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a Monocular 3D Single Stage object Detector (M3DSSD) with feature alignment and asymmetric non-local attention. Current anchor-based monocular 3D object detection methods suffer from feature mismatching. To overcome this, we propose a two-step feature alignment approach. In the first step, the shape alignment is performed to enable the receptive field of the feature map to focus on the pre-defined anchors with high confidence scores. In the second step, the center alignment is used to align the features at 2D/3D centers. Further, it is often difficult to learn global information and capture long-range relationships, which are important for the depth prediction of objects. Therefore, we propose a novel asymmetric non-local attention block with multi-scale sampling to extract depth-wise features. The proposed M3DSSD achieves significantly better performance than the monocular 3D object detection methods on the KITTI dataset, in both 3D object detection and bird's eye view tasks.      
### 17.Learning Polar Encodings for Arbitrary-Oriented Ship Detection in SAR Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13151.pdf)
>  Common horizontal bounding box (HBB)-based methods are not capable of accurately locating slender ship targets with arbitrary orientations in synthetic aperture radar (SAR) images. Therefore, in recent years, methods based on oriented bounding box (OBB) have gradually received attention from researchers. However, most of the recently proposed deep learning-based methods for OBB detection encounter the boundary discontinuity problem in angle or key point regression. In order to alleviate this problem, researchers propose to introduce some manually set parameters or extra network branches for distinguishing the boundary cases, which make training more diffcult and lead to performance degradation. In this paper, in order to solve the boundary discontinuity problem in OBB regression, we propose to detect SAR ships by learning polar encodings. The encoding scheme uses a group of vectors pointing from the center of the ship target to the boundary points to represent an OBB. The boundary discontinuity problem is avoided by training and inference directly according to the polar encodings. In addition, we propose an Intersect over Union (IOU) -weighted regression loss, which further guides the training of polar encodings through the IOU metric and improves the detection performance. Experiments on the Rotating SAR Ship Detection Dataset (RSSDD) show that the proposed method can achieve better detection performance over other comparison algorithms and other OBB encoding schemes, demonstrating the effectiveness of our method.      
### 18.Temporal Context Aggregation Network for Temporal Action Proposal Refinement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13141.pdf)
>  Temporal action proposal generation aims to estimate temporal intervals of actions in untrimmed videos, which is a challenging yet important task in the video understanding field. The proposals generated by current methods still suffer from inaccurate temporal boundaries and inferior confidence used for retrieval owing to the lack of efficient temporal modeling and effective boundary context utilization. In this paper, we propose Temporal Context Aggregation Network (TCANet) to generate high-quality action proposals through "local and global" temporal context aggregation and complementary as well as progressive boundary refinement. Specifically, we first design a Local-Global Temporal Encoder (LGTE), which adopts the channel grouping strategy to efficiently encode both "local and global" temporal inter-dependencies. Furthermore, both the boundary and internal context of proposals are adopted for frame-level and segment-level boundary regressions, respectively. Temporal Boundary Regressor (TBR) is designed to combine these two regression granularities in an end-to-end fashion, which achieves the precise boundaries and reliable confidence of proposals through progressive refinement. Extensive experiments are conducted on three challenging datasets: HACS, ActivityNet-v1.3, and THUMOS-14, where TCANet can generate proposals with high precision and recall. By combining with the existing action classifier, TCANet can obtain remarkable temporal action detection performance compared with other methods. Not surprisingly, the proposed TCANet won the 1$^{st}$ place in the CVPR 2020 - HACS challenge leaderboard on temporal action localization task.      
### 19.Learning Salient Boundary Feature for Anchor-free Temporal Action Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13137.pdf)
>  Temporal action localization is an important yet challenging task in video understanding. Typically, such a task aims at inferring both the action category and localization of the start and end frame for each action instance in a long, untrimmed video.While most current models achieve good results by using pre-defined anchors and numerous actionness, such methods could be bothered with both large number of outputs and heavy tuning of locations and sizes corresponding to different anchors. Instead, anchor-free methods is lighter, getting rid of redundant hyper-parameters, but gains few attention. In this paper, we propose the first purely anchor-free temporal localization method, which is both efficient and effective. Our model includes (i) an end-to-end trainable basic predictor, (ii) a saliency-based refinement module to gather more valuable boundary features for each proposal with a novel boundary pooling, and (iii) several consistency constraints to make sure our model can find the accurate boundary given arbitrary proposals. Extensive experiments show that our method beats all anchor-based and actionness-guided methods with a remarkable margin on THUMOS14, achieving state-of-the-art results, and comparable ones on ActivityNet v1.3. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TencentYoutuResearch/ActionDetection-AFSD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 20.Vulnerability of Appearance-based Gaze Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13134.pdf)
>  Appearance-based gaze estimation has achieved significant improvement by using deep learning. However, many deep learning-based methods suffer from the vulnerability property, i.e., perturbing the raw image using noise confuses the gaze estimation models. Although the perturbed image visually looks similar to the original image, the gaze estimation models output the wrong gaze direction. In this paper, we investigate the vulnerability of appearance-based gaze estimation. To our knowledge, this is the first time that the vulnerability of gaze estimation to be found. We systematically characterized the vulnerability property from multiple aspects, the pixel-based adversarial attack, the patch-based adversarial attack and the defense strategy. Our experimental results demonstrate that the CA-Net shows superior performance against attack among the four popular appearance-based gaze estimation networks, Full-Face, Gaze-Net, CA-Net and RT-GENE. This study draws the attention of researchers in the appearance-based gaze estimation community to defense from adversarial attacks.      
### 21.Adversarial Feature Stacking for Accurate and Robust Predictions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13124.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have achieved remarkable performance on a variety of applications but are extremely vulnerable to adversarial perturbation. To address this issue, various defense methods have been proposed to enhance model robustness. Unfortunately, the most representative and promising methods, such as adversarial training and its variants, usually degrade model accuracy on benign samples, limiting practical utility. This indicates that it is difficult to extract both robust and accurate features using a single network under certain conditions, such as limited training data, resulting in a trade-off between accuracy and robustness. To tackle this problem, we propose an Adversarial Feature Stacking (AFS) model that can jointly take advantage of features with varied levels of robustness and accuracy, thus significantly alleviating the aforementioned trade-off. Specifically, we adopt multiple networks adversarially trained with different perturbation budgets to extract either more robust features or more accurate features. These features are then fused by a learnable merger to give final predictions. We evaluate the AFS model on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 datasets with strong adaptive attack methods, which significantly advances the state-of-the-art in terms of the trade-off. Without extra training data, the AFS model achieves a benign accuracy improvement of 6% on CIFAR-10 and 9% on CIFAR-100 with comparable or even stronger robustness than the state-of-the-art adversarial training methods. This work demonstrates the feasibility to obtain both accurate and robust models under the circumstances of limited training data.      
### 22.A Fine-Grained Dataset and its Efficient Semantic Segmentation for Unstructured Driving Scenarios  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13109.pdf)
>  Research in autonomous driving for unstructured environments suffers from a lack of semantically labeled datasets compared to its urban counterpart. Urban and unstructured outdoor environments are challenging due to the varying lighting and weather conditions during a day and across seasons. In this paper, we introduce TAS500, a novel semantic segmentation dataset for autonomous driving in unstructured environments. TAS500 offers fine-grained vegetation and terrain classes to learn drivable surfaces and natural obstacles in outdoor scenes effectively. We evaluate the performance of modern semantic segmentation models with an additional focus on their efficiency. Our experiments demonstrate the advantages of fine-grained semantic classes to improve the overall prediction accuracy, especially along the class boundaries. The dataset and pretrained model are available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://mucar3.de/icpr2020-tas500" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 23.W2WNet: a two-module probabilistic Convolutional Neural Network with embedded data cleansing functionality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13107.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are supposed to be fed with only high-quality annotated datasets. Nonetheless, in many real-world scenarios, such high quality is very hard to obtain, and datasets may be affected by any sort of image degradation and mislabelling issues. This negatively impacts the performance of standard CNNs, both during the training and the inference phase. To address this issue we propose Wise2WipedNet (W2WNet), a new two-module Convolutional Neural Network, where a Wise module exploits Bayesian inference to identify and discard spurious images during the training, and a Wiped module takes care of the final classification while broadcasting information on the prediction confidence at inference time. The goodness of our solution is demonstrated on a number of public benchmarks addressing different image classification tasks, as well as on a real-world case study on histological image analysis. Overall, our experiments demonstrate that W2WNet is able to identify image degradation and mislabelling issues both at training and at inference time, with a positive impact on the final classification accuracy.      
### 24.Repetitive Activity Counting by Sight and Sound  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13096.pdf)
>  This paper strives for repetitive activity counting in videos. Different from existing works, which all analyze the visual video content only, we incorporate for the first time the corresponding sound into the repetition counting process. This benefits accuracy in challenging vision conditions such as occlusion, dramatic camera view changes, low resolution, etc. We propose a model that starts with analyzing the sight and sound streams separately. Then an audiovisual temporal stride decision module and a reliability estimation module are introduced to exploit cross-modal temporal interaction. For learning and evaluation, an existing dataset is repurposed and reorganized to allow for repetition counting with sight and sound. We also introduce a variant of this dataset for repetition counting under challenging vision conditions. Experiments demonstrate the benefit of sound, as well as the other introduced modules, for repetition counting. Our sight-only model already outperforms the state-of-the-art by itself, when we add sound, results improve notably, especially under harsh vision conditions.      
### 25.Shift-and-Balance Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13080.pdf)
>  Attention is an effective mechanism to improve the deep model capability. Squeeze-and-Excite (SE) introduces a light-weight attention branch to enhance the network's representational power. The attention branch is gated using the Sigmoid function and multiplied by the feature map's trunk branch. It is too sensitive to coordinate and balance the trunk and attention branches' contributions. To control the attention branch's influence, we propose a new attention method, called Shift-and-Balance (SB). Different from Squeeze-and-Excite, the attention branch is regulated by the learned control factor to control the balance, then added into the feature map's trunk branch. Experiments show that Shift-and-Balance attention significantly improves the accuracy compared to Squeeze-and-Excite when applied in more layers, increasing more size and capacity of a network. Moreover, Shift-and-Balance attention achieves better or close accuracy compared to the state-of-art Dynamic Convolution.      
### 26.Revamping Cross-Modal Recipe Retrieval with Hierarchical Transformers and Self-supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13061.pdf)
>  Cross-modal recipe retrieval has recently gained substantial attention due to the importance of food in people's lives, as well as the availability of vast amounts of digital cooking recipes and food images to train machine learning models. In this work, we revisit existing approaches for cross-modal recipe retrieval and propose a simplified end-to-end model based on well established and high performing encoders for text and images. We introduce a hierarchical recipe Transformer which attentively encodes individual recipe components (titles, ingredients and instructions). Further, we propose a self-supervised loss function computed on top of pairs of individual recipe components, which is able to leverage semantic relationships within recipes, and enables training using both image-recipe and recipe-only samples. We conduct a thorough analysis and ablation studies to validate our design choices. As a result, our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance in the cross-modal recipe retrieval task on the Recipe1M dataset. We make code and models publicly available.      
### 27.MSCFNet: A Lightweight Network With Multi-Scale Context Fusion for Real-Time Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13044.pdf)
>  In recent years, how to strike a good trade-off between accuracy and inference speed has become the core issue for real-time semantic segmentation applications, which plays a vital role in real-world scenarios such as autonomous driving systems and drones. In this study, we devise a novel lightweight network using a multi-scale context fusion (MSCFNet) scheme, which explores an asymmetric encoder-decoder architecture to dispose this problem. More specifically, the encoder adopts some developed efficient asymmetric residual (EAR) modules, which are composed of factorization depth-wise convolution and dilation convolution. Meanwhile, instead of complicated computation, simple deconvolution is applied in the decoder to further reduce the amount of parameters while still maintaining high segmentation accuracy. Also, MSCFNet has branches with efficient attention modules from different stages of the network to well capture multi-scale contextual information. Then we combine them before the final classification to enhance the expression of the features and improve the segmentation efficiency. Comprehensive experiments on challenging datasets have demonstrated that the proposed MSCFNet, which contains only 1.15M parameters, achieves 71.9\% Mean IoU on the Cityscapes testing dataset and can run at over 50 FPS on a single Titan XP GPU configuration.      
### 28.Coarse-to-Fine Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation with Photometric Alignment and Category-Center Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13041.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) in semantic segmentation is a fundamental yet promising task relieving the need for laborious annotation works. However, the domain shifts/discrepancies problem in this task compromise the final segmentation performance. Based on our observation, the main causes of the domain shifts are differences in imaging conditions, called image-level domain shifts, and differences in object category configurations called category-level domain shifts. In this paper, we propose a novel UDA pipeline that unifies image-level alignment and category-level feature distribution regularization in a coarse-to-fine manner. Specifically, on the coarse side, we propose a photometric alignment module that aligns an image in the source domain with a reference image from the target domain using a set of image-level operators; on the fine side, we propose a category-oriented triplet loss that imposes a soft constraint to regularize category centers in the source domain and a self-supervised consistency regularization method in the target domain. Experimental results show that our proposed pipeline improves the generalization capability of the final segmentation model and significantly outperforms all previous state-of-the-arts.      
### 29.Learning Fine-Grained Segmentation of 3D Shapes without Part Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13030.pdf)
>  Learning-based 3D shape segmentation is usually formulated as a semantic labeling problem, assuming that all parts of training shapes are annotated with a given set of tags. This assumption, however, is impractical for learning fine-grained segmentation. Although most off-the-shelf CAD models are, by construction, composed of fine-grained parts, they usually miss semantic tags and labeling those fine-grained parts is extremely tedious. We approach the problem with deep clustering, where the key idea is to learn part priors from a shape dataset with fine-grained segmentation but no part labels. Given point sampled 3D shapes, we model the clustering priors of points with a similarity matrix and achieve part segmentation through minimizing a novel low rank loss. To handle highly densely sampled point sets, we adopt a divide-and-conquer strategy. We partition the large point set into a number of blocks. Each block is segmented using a deep-clustering-based part prior network trained in a category-agnostic manner. We then train a graph convolution network to merge the segments of all blocks to form the final segmentation result. Our method is evaluated with a challenging benchmark of fine-grained segmentation, showing state-of-the-art performance.      
### 30.Jo-SRC: A Contrastive Approach for Combating Noisy Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13029.pdf)
>  Due to the memorization effect in Deep Neural Networks (DNNs), training with noisy labels usually results in inferior model performance. Existing state-of-the-art methods primarily adopt a sample selection strategy, which selects small-loss samples for subsequent training. However, prior literature tends to perform sample selection within each mini-batch, neglecting the imbalance of noise ratios in different mini-batches. Moreover, valuable knowledge within high-loss samples is wasted. To this end, we propose a noise-robust approach named Jo-SRC (Joint Sample Selection and Model Regularization based on Consistency). Specifically, we train the network in a contrastive learning manner. Predictions from two different views of each sample are used to estimate its "likelihood" of being clean or out-of-distribution. Furthermore, we propose a joint loss to advance the model generalization performance by introducing consistency regularization. Extensive experiments have validated the superiority of our approach over existing state-of-the-art methods.      
### 31.AutoMix: Unveiling the Power of Mixup  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13027.pdf)
>  Mixup-based data augmentation has achieved great success as regularizer for deep neural networks. However, existing mixup methods require explicitly designed mixup policies. In this paper, we present a flexible, general Automatic Mixup (AutoMix) framework which utilizes discriminative features to learn a sample mixing policy adaptively. We regard mixup as a pretext task and split it into two sub-problems: mixed samples generation and mixup classification. To this end, we design a lightweight mix block to generate synthetic samples based on feature maps and mix labels. Since the two sub-problems are in the nature of Expectation-Maximization (EM), we also propose a momentum training pipeline to optimize the mixup process and mixup classification process alternatively in an end-to-end fashion. Extensive experiments on six popular classification benchmarks show that AutoMix consistently outperforms other leading mixup methods and improves generalization abilities to downstream tasks. We hope AutoMix will motivate the community to rethink the role of mixup in representation learning. The code will be released soon.      
### 32.Can Vision Transformers Learn without Natural Images?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13023.pdf)
>  Can we complete pre-training of Vision Transformers (ViT) without natural images and human-annotated labels? Although a pre-trained ViT seems to heavily rely on a large-scale dataset and human-annotated labels, recent large-scale datasets contain several problems in terms of privacy violations, inadequate fairness protection, and labor-intensive annotation. In the present paper, we pre-train ViT without any image collections and annotation labor. We experimentally verify that our proposed framework partially outperforms sophisticated Self-Supervised Learning (SSL) methods like SimCLRv2 and MoCov2 without using any natural images in the pre-training phase. Moreover, although the ViT pre-trained without natural images produces some different visualizations from ImageNet pre-trained ViT, it can interpret natural image datasets to a large extent. For example, the performance rates on the CIFAR-10 dataset are as follows: our proposal 97.6 vs. SimCLRv2 97.4 vs. ImageNet 98.0.      
### 33.Industrial Machine Tool Component Surface Defect Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13003.pdf)
>  Using machine learning (ML) techniques in general and deep learning techniques in specific needs a certain amount of data often not available in large quantities in technical domains. The manual inspection of machine tool components and the manual end-of-line check of products are labor-intensive tasks in industrial applications that companies often want to automate. To automate classification processes and develop reliable and robust machine learning-based classification and wear prognostics models, one needs real-world datasets to train and test the models. The dataset is available under <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://doi.org/10.5445/IR/1000129520" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.X-view: Non-egocentric Multi-View 3D Object Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13001.pdf)
>  3D object detection algorithms for autonomous driving reason about 3D obstacles either from 3D birds-eye view or perspective view or both. Recent works attempt to improve the detection performance via mining and fusing from multiple egocentric views. Although the egocentric perspective view alleviates some weaknesses of the birds-eye view, the sectored grid partition becomes so coarse in the distance that the targets and surrounding context mix together, which makes the features less discriminative. In this paper, we generalize the research on 3D multi-view learning and propose a novel multi-view-based 3D detection method, named X-view, to overcome the drawbacks of the multi-view methods. Specifically, X-view breaks through the traditional limitation about the perspective view whose original point must be consistent with the 3D Cartesian coordinate. X-view is designed as a general paradigm that can be applied on almost any 3D detectors based on LiDAR with only little increment of running time, no matter it is voxel/grid-based or raw-point-based. We conduct experiments on KITTI and NuScenes datasets to demonstrate the robustness and effectiveness of our proposed X-view. The results show that X-view obtains consistent improvements when combined with four mainstream state-of-the-art 3D methods: SECOND, PointRCNN, Part-A^2, and PV-RCNN.      
### 35.From Shadow Generation to Shadow Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12997.pdf)
>  Shadow removal is a computer-vision task that aims to restore the image content in shadow regions. While almost all recent shadow-removal methods require shadow-free images for training, in ECCV 2020 Le and Samaras introduces an innovative approach without this requirement by cropping patches with and without shadows from shadow images as training samples. However, it is still laborious and time-consuming to construct a large amount of such unpaired patches. In this paper, we propose a new G2R-ShadowNet which leverages shadow generation for weakly-supervised shadow removal by only using a set of shadow images and their corresponding shadow masks for training. The proposed G2R-ShadowNet consists of three sub-networks for shadow generation, shadow removal and refinement, respectively and they are jointly trained in an end-to-end fashion. In particular, the shadow generation sub-net stylises non-shadow regions to be shadow ones, leading to paired data for training the shadow-removal sub-net. Extensive experiments on the ISTD dataset and the Video Shadow Removal dataset show that the proposed G2R-ShadowNet achieves competitive performances against the current state of the arts and outperforms Le and Samaras' patch-based shadow-removal method.      
### 36.Non-Compression Auto-Encoder for Detecting Road Surface Abnormality via Vehicle Driving Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12992.pdf)
>  Road accident can be triggered by wet road because it decreases skid resistance. To prevent the road accident, detecting road surface abnomality can be helpful. In this paper, we propose the deep learning based cost-effective real-time anomaly detection architecture, naming with non-compression auto-encoder (NCAE). The proposed architecture can reflect forward and backward causality of time series information via convolution operation. Moreover, the above architecture shows higher anomaly detection performance of published anomaly detection model via experiments. We conclude that NCAE is a cutting-edge model for road surface anomaly detection.      
### 37.MLAN: Multi-Level Adversarial Network for Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12991.pdf)
>  Recent progresses in domain adaptive semantic segmentation demonstrate the effectiveness of adversarial learning (AL) in unsupervised domain adaptation. However, most adversarial learning based methods align source and target distributions at a global image level but neglect the inconsistency around local image regions. This paper presents a novel multi-level adversarial network (MLAN) that aims to address inter-domain inconsistency at both global image level and local region level optimally. MLAN has two novel designs, namely, region-level adversarial learning (RL-AL) and co-regularized adversarial learning (CR-AL). Specifically, RL-AL models prototypical regional context-relations explicitly in the feature space of a labelled source domain and transfers them to an unlabelled target domain via adversarial learning. CR-AL fuses region-level AL and image-level AL optimally via mutual regularization. In addition, we design a multi-level consistency map that can guide domain adaptation in both input space ($i.e.$, image-to-image translation) and output space ($i.e.$, self-training) effectively. Extensive experiments show that MLAN outperforms the state-of-the-art with a large margin consistently across multiple datasets.      
### 38.Relation-aware Instance Refinement for Weakly Supervised Visual Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12989.pdf)
>  Visual grounding, which aims to build a correspondence between visual objects and their language entities, plays a key role in cross-modal scene understanding. One promising and scalable strategy for learning visual grounding is to utilize weak supervision from only image-caption pairs. Previous methods typically rely on matching query phrases directly to a precomputed, fixed object candidate pool, which leads to inaccurate localization and ambiguous matching due to lack of semantic relation constraints. <br>In our paper, we propose a novel context-aware weakly-supervised learning method that incorporates coarse-to-fine object refinement and entity relation modeling into a two-stage deep network, capable of producing more accurate object representation and matching. To effectively train our network, we introduce a self-taught regression loss for the proposal locations and a classification loss based on parsed entity relations. <br>Extensive experiments on two public benchmarks Flickr30K Entities and ReferItGame demonstrate the efficacy of our weakly grounding framework. The results show that we outperform the previous methods by a considerable margin, achieving 59.27\% top-1 accuracy in Flickr30K Entities and 37.68\% in the ReferItGame dataset respectively (Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/youngfly11/ReIR-WeaklyGrounding.pytorch.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>).      
### 39.One to Many: Adaptive Instrument Segmentation via Meta Learning and Dynamic Online Adaptation in Robotic Surgical Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12988.pdf)
>  Surgical instrument segmentation in robot-assisted surgery (RAS) - especially that using learning-based models - relies on the assumption that training and testing videos are sampled from the same domain. However, it is impractical and expensive to collect and annotate sufficient data from every new domain. To greatly increase the label efficiency, we explore a new problem, i.e., adaptive instrument segmentation, which is to effectively adapt one source model to new robotic surgical videos from multiple target domains, only given the annotated instruments in the first frame. We propose MDAL, a meta-learning based dynamic online adaptive learning scheme with a two-stage framework to fast adapt the model parameters on the first frame and partial subsequent frames while predicting the results. MDAL learns the general knowledge of instruments and the fast adaptation ability through the video-specific meta-learning paradigm. The added gradient gate excludes the noisy supervision from pseudo masks for dynamic online adaptation on target videos. We demonstrate empirically that MDAL outperforms other state-of-the-art methods on two datasets (including a real-world RAS dataset). The promising performance on ex-vivo scenes also benefits the downstream tasks such as robot-assisted suturing and camera control.      
### 40.SaccadeCam: Adaptive Visual Attention for Monocular Depth Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12981.pdf)
>  Most monocular depth sensing methods use conventionally captured images that are created without considering scene content. In contrast, animal eyes have fast mechanical motions, called saccades, that control how the scene is imaged by the fovea, where resolution is highest. In this paper, we present the SaccadeCam framework for adaptively distributing resolution onto regions of interest in the scene. Our algorithm for adaptive resolution is a self-supervised network and we demonstrate results for end-to-end learning for monocular depth estimation. We also show preliminary results with a real SaccadeCam hardware prototype.      
### 41.On a realization of motion and similarity group equivalence classes of labeled points in $\mathbb R^k$ with applications to computer vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12980.pdf)
>  We study a realization of motion and similarity group equivalence classes of $n\geq 1$ labeled points in $\mathbb R^k,\, k\geq 1$ as a metric space with a computable metric. Our study is motivated by applications in computer vision.      
### 42.RPVNet: A Deep and Efficient Range-Point-Voxel Fusion Network for LiDAR Point Cloud Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12978.pdf)
>  Point clouds can be represented in many forms (views), typically, point-based sets, voxel-based cells or range-based images(i.e., panoramic view). The point-based view is geometrically accurate, but it is disordered, which makes it difficult to find local neighbors efficiently. The voxel-based view is regular, but sparse, and computation grows cubically when voxel resolution increases. The range-based view is regular and generally dense, however spherical projection makes physical dimensions distorted. Both voxel- and range-based views suffer from quantization loss, especially for voxels when facing large-scale scenes. In order to utilize different view's advantages and alleviate their own shortcomings in fine-grained segmentation task, we propose a novel range-point-voxel fusion network, namely RPVNet. In this network, we devise a deep fusion framework with multiple and mutual information interactions among these three views and propose a gated fusion module (termed as GFM), which can adaptively merge the three features based on concurrent inputs. Moreover, the proposed RPV interaction mechanism is highly efficient, and we summarize it into a more general formulation. By leveraging this efficient interaction and relatively lower voxel resolution, our method is also proved to be more efficient. Finally, we evaluated the proposed model on two large-scale datasets, i.e., SemanticKITTI and nuScenes, and it shows state-of-the-art performance on both of them. Note that, our method currently ranks 1st on SemanticKITTI leaderboard without any extra tricks.      
### 43.VLGrammar: Grounded Grammar Induction of Vision and Language  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12975.pdf)
>  Cognitive grammar suggests that the acquisition of language grammar is grounded within visual structures. While grammar is an essential representation of natural language, it also exists ubiquitously in vision to represent the hierarchical part-whole structure. In this work, we study grounded grammar induction of vision and language in a joint learning framework. Specifically, we present VLGrammar, a method that uses compound probabilistic context-free grammars (compound PCFGs) to induce the language grammar and the image grammar simultaneously. We propose a novel contrastive learning framework to guide the joint learning of both modules. To provide a benchmark for the grounded grammar induction task, we collect a large-scale dataset, \textsc{PartIt}, which contains human-written sentences that describe part-level semantics for 3D objects. Experiments on the \textsc{PartIt} dataset show that VLGrammar outperforms all baselines in image grammar induction and language grammar induction. The learned VLGrammar naturally benefits related downstream tasks. Specifically, it improves the image unsupervised clustering accuracy by 30\%, and performs well in image retrieval and text retrieval. Notably, the induced grammar shows superior generalizability by easily generalizing to unseen categories.      
### 44.Hetero-Modal Learning and Expansive Consistency Constraints for Semi-Supervised Detection from Multi-Sequence Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12972.pdf)
>  Lesion detection serves a critical role in early diagnosis and has been well explored in recent years due to methodological advancesand increased data availability. However, the high costs of annotations hinder the collection of large and completely labeled datasets, motivating semi-supervised detection approaches. In this paper, we introduce mean teacher hetero-modal detection (MTHD), which addresses two important gaps in current semi-supervised detection. First, it is not obvious how to enforce unlabeled consistency constraints across the very different outputs of various detectors, which has resulted in various compromises being used in the state of the art. Using an anchor-free framework, MTHD formulates a mean teacher approach without such compromises, enforcing consistency on the soft-output of object centers and size. Second, multi-sequence data is often critical, e.g., for abdominal lesion detection, but unlabeled data is often missing sequences. To deal with this, MTHD incorporates hetero-modal learning in its framework. Unlike prior art, MTHD is able to incorporate an expansive set of consistency constraints that include geometric transforms and random sequence combinations. We train and evaluate MTHD on liver lesion detection using the largest MR lesion dataset to date (1099 patients with &gt;5000 volumes). MTHD surpasses the best fully-supervised and semi-supervised competitors by 10.1% and 3.5%, respectively, in average sensitivity.      
### 45.Volumetric Propagation Network: Stereo-LiDAR Fusion for Long-Range Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12964.pdf)
>  Stereo-LiDAR fusion is a promising task in that we can utilize two different types of 3D perceptions for practical usage -- dense 3D information (stereo cameras) and highly-accurate sparse point clouds (LiDAR). However, due to their different modalities and structures, the method of aligning sensor data is the key for successful sensor fusion. To this end, we propose a geometry-aware stereo-LiDAR fusion network for long-range depth estimation, called volumetric propagation network. The key idea of our network is to exploit sparse and accurate point clouds as a cue for guiding correspondences of stereo images in a unified 3D volume space. Unlike existing fusion strategies, we directly embed point clouds into the volume, which enables us to propagate valid information into nearby voxels in the volume, and to reduce the uncertainty of correspondences. Thus, it allows us to fuse two different input modalities seamlessly and regress a long-range depth map. Our fusion is further enhanced by a newly proposed feature extraction layer for point clouds guided by images: FusionConv. FusionConv extracts point cloud features that consider both semantic (2D image domain) and geometric (3D domain) relations and aid fusion at the volume. Our network achieves state-of-the-art performance on the KITTI and the Virtual-KITTI datasets among recent stereo-LiDAR fusion methods.      
### 46.Multi-view 3D Reconstruction with Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12957.pdf)
>  Deep CNN-based methods have so far achieved the state of the art results in multi-view 3D object reconstruction. Despite the considerable progress, the two core modules of these methods - multi-view feature extraction and fusion, are usually investigated separately, and the object relations in different views are rarely explored. In this paper, inspired by the recent great success in self-attention-based Transformer models, we reformulate the multi-view 3D reconstruction as a sequence-to-sequence prediction problem and propose a new framework named 3D Volume Transformer (VolT) for such a task. Unlike previous CNN-based methods using a separate design, we unify the feature extraction and view fusion in a single Transformer network. A natural advantage of our design lies in the exploration of view-to-view relationships using self-attention among multiple unordered inputs. On ShapeNet - a large-scale 3D reconstruction benchmark dataset, our method achieves a new state-of-the-art accuracy in multi-view reconstruction with fewer parameters ($70\%$ less) than other CNN-based methods. Experimental results also suggest the strong scaling capability of our method. Our code will be made publicly available.      
### 47.Learning Scene Structure Guidance via Cross-Task Knowledge Transfer for Single Depth Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12955.pdf)
>  Existing color-guided depth super-resolution (DSR) approaches require paired RGB-D data as training samples where the RGB image is used as structural guidance to recover the degraded depth map due to their geometrical similarity. However, the paired data may be limited or expensive to be collected in actual testing environment. Therefore, we explore for the first time to learn the cross-modality knowledge at training stage, where both RGB and depth modalities are available, but test on the target dataset, where only single depth modality exists. Our key idea is to distill the knowledge of scene structural guidance from RGB modality to the single DSR task without changing its network architecture. Specifically, we construct an auxiliary depth estimation (DE) task that takes an RGB image as input to estimate a depth map, and train both DSR task and DE task collaboratively to boost the performance of DSR. Upon this, a cross-task interaction module is proposed to realize bilateral cross task knowledge transfer. First, we design a cross-task distillation scheme that encourages DSR and DE networks to learn from each other in a teacher-student role-exchanging fashion. Then, we advance a structure prediction (SP) task that provides extra structure regularization to help both DSR and DE networks learn more informative structure representations for depth recovery. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our scheme achieves superior performance in comparison with other DSR methods.      
### 48.Scene-Intuitive Agent for Remote Embodied Visual Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12944.pdf)
>  Humans learn from life events to form intuitions towards the understanding of visual environments and languages. Envision that you are instructed by a high-level instruction, "Go to the bathroom in the master bedroom and replace the blue towel on the left wall", what would you possibly do to carry out the task? Intuitively, we comprehend the semantics of the instruction to form an overview of where a bathroom is and what a blue towel is in mind; then, we navigate to the target location by consistently matching the bathroom appearance in mind with the current scene. In this paper, we present an agent that mimics such human behaviors. Specifically, we focus on the Remote Embodied Visual Referring Expression in Real Indoor Environments task, called REVERIE, where an agent is asked to correctly localize a remote target object specified by a concise high-level natural language instruction, and propose a two-stage training pipeline. In the first stage, we pretrain the agent with two cross-modal alignment sub-tasks, namely the Scene Grounding task and the Object Grounding task. The agent learns where to stop in the Scene Grounding task and what to attend to in the Object Grounding task respectively. Then, to generate action sequences, we propose a memory-augmented attentive action decoder to smoothly fuse the pre-trained vision and language representations with the agent's past memory experiences. Without bells and whistles, experimental results show that our method outperforms previous state-of-the-art(SOTA) significantly, demonstrating the effectiveness of our method.      
### 49.Efficient Regional Memory Network for Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12934.pdf)
>  Recently, several Space-Time Memory based networks have shown that the object cues (e.g. video frames as well as the segmented object masks) from the past frames are useful for segmenting objects in the current frame. However, these methods exploit the information from the memory by global-to-global matching between the current and past frames, which lead to mismatching to similar objects and high computational complexity. To address these problems, we propose a novel local-to-local matching solution for semi-supervised VOS, namely Regional Memory Network (RMNet). In RMNet, the precise regional memory is constructed by memorizing local regions where the target objects appear in the past frames. For the current query frame, the query regions are tracked and predicted based on the optical flow estimated from the previous frame. The proposed local-to-local matching effectively alleviates the ambiguity of similar objects in both memory and query frames, which allows the information to be passed from the regional memory to the query region efficiently and effectively. Experimental results indicate that the proposed RMNet performs favorably against state-of-the-art methods on the DAVIS and YouTube-VOS datasets.      
### 50.Beyond Visual Attractiveness: Physically Plausible Single Image HDR Reconstruction for Spherical Panoramas  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12926.pdf)
>  HDR reconstruction is an important task in computer vision with many industrial needs. The traditional approaches merge multiple exposure shots to generate HDRs that correspond to the physical quantity of illuminance of the scene. However, the tedious capturing process makes such multi-shot approaches inconvenient in practice. In contrast, recent single-shot methods predict a visually appealing HDR from a single LDR image through deep learning. But it is not clear whether the previously mentioned physical properties would still hold, without training the network to explicitly model them. In this paper, we introduce the physical illuminance constraints to our single-shot HDR reconstruction framework, with a focus on spherical panoramas. By the proposed physical regularization, our method can generate HDRs which are not only visually appealing but also physically plausible. For evaluation, we collect a large dataset of LDR and HDR images with ground truth illuminance measures. Extensive experiments show that our HDR images not only maintain high visual quality but also top all baseline methods in illuminance prediction accuracy.      
### 51.Benchmarking Deep Trackers on Aerial Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12924.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep learning-based visual object trackers have achieved state-of-the-art performance on several visual object tracking benchmarks. However, most tracking benchmarks are focused on ground level videos, whereas aerial tracking presents a new set of challenges. In this paper, we compare ten trackers based on deep learning techniques on four aerial datasets. We choose top performing trackers utilizing different approaches, specifically tracking by detection, discriminative correlation filters, Siamese networks and reinforcement learning. In our experiments, we use a subset of OTB2015 dataset with aerial style videos; the UAV123 dataset without synthetic sequences; the UAV20L dataset, which contains 20 long sequences; and DTB70 dataset as our benchmark datasets. We compare the advantages and disadvantages of different trackers in different tracking situations encountered in aerial data. Our findings indicate that the trackers perform significantly worse in aerial datasets compared to standard ground level videos. We attribute this effect to smaller target size, camera motion, significant camera rotation with respect to the target, out of view movement, and clutter in the form of occlusions or similar looking distractors near tracked object.      
### 52.Region Similarity Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12902.pdf)
>  We present Region Similarity Representation Learning (ReSim), a new approach to self-supervised representation learning for localization-based tasks such as object detection and segmentation. While existing work has largely focused on solely learning global representations for an entire image, ReSim learns both regional representations for localization as well as semantic image-level representations. ReSim operates by sliding a fixed-sized window across the overlapping area between two views (e.g., image crops), aligning these areas with their corresponding convolutional feature map regions, and then maximizing the feature similarity across views. As a result, ReSim learns spatially and semantically consistent feature representation throughout the convolutional feature maps of a neural network. A shift or scale of an image region, e.g., a shift or scale of an object, has a corresponding change in the feature maps; this allows downstream tasks to leverage these representations for localization. Through object detection, instance segmentation, and dense pose estimation experiments, we illustrate how ReSim learns representations which significantly improve the localization and classification performance compared to a competitive MoCo-v2 baseline: $+2.7$ AP$^{\text{bb}}_{75}$ VOC, $+1.1$ AP$^{\text{bb}}_{75}$ COCO, and $+1.9$ AP$^{\text{mk}}$ Cityscapes. Code and pre-trained models are released at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Tete-Xiao/ReSim" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 53.SETGAN: Scale and Energy Trade-off GANs for Image Applications on Mobile Platforms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12896.pdf)
>  We consider the task of photo-realistic unconditional image generation (generate high quality, diverse samples that carry the same visual content as the image) on mobile platforms using Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). In this paper, we propose a novel approach to trade-off image generation accuracy of a GAN for the energy consumed (compute) at run-time called Scale-Energy Tradeoff GAN (SETGAN). GANs usually take a long time to train and consume a huge memory hence making it difficult to run on edge devices. The key idea behind SETGAN for an image generation task is for a given input image, we train a GAN on a remote server and use the trained model on edge devices. We use SinGAN, a single image unconditional generative model, that contains a pyramid of fully convolutional GANs, each responsible for learning the patch distribution at a different scale of the image. During the training process, we determine the optimal number of scales for a given input image and the energy constraint from the target edge device. Results show that with SETGAN's unique client-server-based architecture, we were able to achieve a 56% gain in energy for a loss of 3% to 12% SSIM accuracy. Also, with the parallel multi-scale training, we obtain around 4x gain in training time on the server.      
### 54.Weakly Supervised Instance Segmentation for Videos with Temporal Mask Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12886.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised instance segmentation reduces the cost of annotations required to train models. However, existing approaches which rely only on image-level class labels predominantly suffer from errors due to (a) partial segmentation of objects and (b) missing object predictions. We show that these issues can be better addressed by training with weakly labeled videos instead of images. In videos, motion and temporal consistency of predictions across frames provide complementary signals which can help segmentation. We are the first to explore the use of these video signals to tackle weakly supervised instance segmentation. We propose two ways to leverage this information in our model. First, we adapt inter-pixel relation network (IRN) to effectively incorporate motion information during training. Second, we introduce a new MaskConsist module, which addresses the problem of missing object instances by transferring stable predictions between neighboring frames during training. We demonstrate that both approaches together improve the instance segmentation metric $AP_{50}$ on video frames of two datasets: Youtube-VIS and Cityscapes by $5\%$ and $3\%$ respectively.      
### 55.Teacher-Explorer-Student Learning: A Novel Learning Method for Open Set Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12871.pdf)
>  If an unknown example that is not seen during training appears, most recognition systems usually produce overgeneralized results and determine that the example belongs to one of the known classes. To address this problem, teacher-explorer-student (T/E/S) learning, which adopts the concept of open set recognition (OSR) that aims to reject unknown samples while minimizing the loss of classification performance on known samples, is proposed in this study. In this novel learning method, overgeneralization of deep learning classifiers is significantly reduced by exploring various possibilities of unknowns. Here, the teacher network extracts some hints about unknowns by distilling the pretrained knowledge about knowns and delivers this distilled knowledge to the student. After learning the distilled knowledge, the student network shares the learned information with the explorer network. Then, the explorer network shares its exploration results by generating unknown-like samples and feeding the samples to the student network. By repeating this alternating learning process, the student network experiences a variety of synthetic unknowns, reducing overgeneralization. Extensive experiments were conducted, and the experimental results showed that each component proposed in this paper significantly contributes to the improvement in OSR performance. As a result, the proposed T/E/S learning method outperformed current state-of-the-art methods.      
### 56.Co-matching: Combating Noisy Labels by Augmentation Anchoring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12814.pdf)
>  Deep learning with noisy labels is challenging as deep neural networks have the high capacity to memorize the noisy labels. In this paper, we propose a learning algorithm called Co-matching, which balances the consistency and divergence between two networks by augmentation anchoring. Specifically, we have one network generate anchoring label from its prediction on a weakly-augmented image. Meanwhile, we force its peer network, taking the strongly-augmented version of the same image as input, to generate prediction close to the anchoring label. We then update two networks simultaneously by selecting small-loss instances to minimize both unsupervised matching loss (i.e., measure the consistency of the two networks) and supervised classification loss (i.e. measure the classification performance). Besides, the unsupervised matching loss makes our method not heavily rely on noisy labels, which prevents memorization of noisy labels. Experiments on three benchmark datasets demonstrate that Co-matching achieves results comparable to the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 57.DA4Event: towards bridging the Sim-to-Real Gap for Event Cameras using Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12768.pdf)
>  Event cameras are novel bio-inspired sensors, which asynchronously capture pixel-level intensity changes in the form of "events". The innovative way they acquire data presents several advantages over standard devices, especially in poor lighting and high-speed motion conditions. However, the novelty of these sensors results in the lack of a large amount of training data capable of fully unlocking their potential. The most common approach implemented by researchers to address this issue is to leverage simulated event data. Yet, this approach comes with an open research question: how well simulated data generalize to real data? To answer this, we propose to exploit, in the event-based context, recent Domain Adaptation (DA) advances in traditional computer vision, showing that DA techniques applied to event data help reduce the sim-to-real gap. To this purpose, we propose a novel architecture, which we call Multi-View DA4E (MV-DA4E), that better exploits the peculiarities of frame-based event representations while also promoting domain invariant characteristics in features. Through extensive experiments, we prove the effectiveness of DA methods and MV-DA4E on N-Caltech101. Moreover, we validate their soundness in a real-world scenario through a cross-domain analysis on the popular RGB-D Object Dataset (ROD), which we extended to the event modality (RGB-E).      
### 58.MONAIfbs: MONAI-based fetal brain MRI deep learning segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13314.pdf)
>  In fetal Magnetic Resonance Imaging, Super Resolution Reconstruction (SRR) algorithms are becoming popular tools to obtain high-resolution 3D volume reconstructions from low-resolution stacks of 2D slices, acquired at different orientations. To be effective, these algorithms often require accurate segmentation of the region of interest, such as the fetal brain in suspected pathological cases. In the case of Spina Bifida, Ebner, Wang et al. (NeuroImage, 2020) combined their SRR algorithm with a 2-step segmentation pipeline (2D localisation followed by a 2D segmentation network). However, if the localisation step fails, the second network is not able to recover a correct brain mask, thus requiring manual corrections for an effective SRR. In this work, we aim at improving the fetal brain segmentation for SRR in Spina Bifida. We hypothesise that a well-trained single-step UNet can achieve accurate performance, avoiding the need of a 2-step approach. We propose a new tool for fetal brain segmentation called MONAIfbs, which takes advantage of the Medical Open Network for Artificial Intelligence (MONAI) framework. Our network is based on the dynamic UNet (dynUNet), an adaptation of the nnU-Net framework. When compared to the original 2-step approach proposed in Ebner-Wang, and the same Ebner-Wang approach retrained with the expanded dataset available for this work, the dynUNet showed to achieve higher performance using a single step only. It also showed to reduce the number of outliers, as only 28 stacks obtained Dice score less than 0.9, compared to 68 for Ebner-Wang and 53 Ebner-Wang expanded. The proposed dynUNet model thus provides an improvement of the state-of-the-art fetal brain segmentation techniques, reducing the need for manual correction in automated SRR pipelines. Our code and our trained model are made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gift-surg/MONAIfbs" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 59.Information-based Disentangled Representation Learning for Unsupervised MR Harmonization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13283.pdf)
>  Accuracy and consistency are two key factors in computer-assisted magnetic resonance (MR) image analysis. However, contrast variation from site to site caused by lack of standardization in MR acquisition impedes consistent measurements. In recent years, image harmonization approaches have been proposed to compensate for contrast variation in MR images. Current harmonization approaches either require cross-site traveling subjects for supervised training or heavily rely on site-specific harmonization models to encourage harmonization accuracy. These requirements potentially limit the application of current harmonization methods in large-scale multi-site studies. In this work, we propose an unsupervised MR harmonization framework, CALAMITI (Contrast Anatomy Learning and Analysis for MR Intensity Translation and Integration), based on information bottleneck theory. CALAMITI learns a disentangled latent space using a unified structure for multi-site harmonization without the need for traveling subjects. Our model is also able to adapt itself to harmonize MR images from a new site with fine tuning solely on images from the new site. Both qualitative and quantitative results show that the proposed method achieves superior performance compared with other unsupervised harmonization approaches.      
### 60.Black-box Detection of Backdoor Attacks with Limited Information and Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13127.pdf)
>  Although deep neural networks (DNNs) have made rapid progress in recent years, they are vulnerable in adversarial environments. A malicious backdoor could be embedded in a model by poisoning the training dataset, whose intention is to make the infected model give wrong predictions during inference when the specific trigger appears. To mitigate the potential threats of backdoor attacks, various backdoor detection and defense methods have been proposed. However, the existing techniques usually require the poisoned training data or access to the white-box model, which is commonly unavailable in practice. In this paper, we propose a black-box backdoor detection (B3D) method to identify backdoor attacks with only query access to the model. We introduce a gradient-free optimization algorithm to reverse-engineer the potential trigger for each class, which helps to reveal the existence of backdoor attacks. In addition to backdoor detection, we also propose a simple strategy for reliable predictions using the identified backdoored models. Extensive experiments on hundreds of DNN models trained on several datasets corroborate the effectiveness of our method under the black-box setting against various backdoor attacks.      
### 61.Greedy-Based Feature Selection for Efficient LiDAR SLAM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13090.pdf)
>  Modern LiDAR-SLAM (L-SLAM) systems have shown excellent results in large-scale, real-world scenarios. However, they commonly have a high latency due to the expensive data association and nonlinear optimization. This paper demonstrates that actively selecting a subset of features significantly improves both the accuracy and efficiency of an L-SLAM system. We formulate the feature selection as a combinatorial optimization problem under a cardinality constraint to preserve the information matrix's spectral attributes. The stochastic-greedy algorithm is applied to approximate the optimal results in real-time. To avoid ill-conditioned estimation, we also propose a general strategy to evaluate the environment's degeneracy and modify the feature number online. The proposed feature selector is integrated into a multi-LiDAR SLAM system. We validate this enhanced system with extensive experiments covering various scenarios on two sensor setups and computation platforms. We show that our approach exhibits low localization error and speedup compared to the state-of-the-art L-SLAM systems. To benefit the community, we have released the source code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ram-lab.com/file/site/m-loam" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 62.Light Field Reconstruction Using Convolutional Network on EPI and Extended Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13043.pdf)
>  In this paper, a novel convolutional neural network (CNN)-based framework is developed for light field reconstruction from a sparse set of views. We indicate that the reconstruction can be efficiently modeled as angular restoration on an epipolar plane image (EPI). The main problem in direct reconstruction on the EPI involves an information asymmetry between the spatial and angular dimensions, where the detailed portion in the angular dimensions is damaged by undersampling. Directly upsampling or super-resolving the light field in the angular dimensions causes ghosting effects. To suppress these ghosting effects, we contribute a novel "blur-restoration-deblur" framework. First, the "blur" step is applied to extract the low-frequency components of the light field in the spatial dimensions by convolving each EPI slice with a selected blur kernel. Then, the "restoration" step is implemented by a CNN, which is trained to restore the angular details of the EPI. Finally, we use a non-blind "deblur" operation to recover the spatial high frequencies suppressed by the EPI blur. We evaluate our approach on several datasets, including synthetic scenes, real-world scenes and challenging microscope light field data. We demonstrate the high performance and robustness of the proposed framework compared with state-of-the-art algorithms. We further show extended applications, including depth enhancement and interpolation for unstructured input. More importantly, a novel rendering approach is presented by combining the proposed framework and depth information to handle large disparities.      
### 63.Lightweight Image Super-Resolution with Multi-scale Feature Interaction Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13028.pdf)
>  Recently, the single image super-resolution (SISR) approaches with deep and complex convolutional neural network structures have achieved promising performance. However, those methods improve the performance at the cost of higher memory consumption, which is difficult to be applied for some mobile devices with limited storage and computing resources. To solve this problem, we present a lightweight multi-scale feature interaction network (MSFIN). For lightweight SISR, MSFIN expands the receptive field and adequately exploits the informative features of the low-resolution observed images from various scales and interactive connections. In addition, we design a lightweight recurrent residual channel attention block (RRCAB) so that the network can benefit from the channel attention mechanism while being sufficiently lightweight. Extensive experiments on some benchmarks have confirmed that our proposed MSFIN can achieve comparable performance against the state-of-the-arts with a more lightweight model.      
### 64.Convex Online Video Frame Subset Selection using Multiple Criteria for Data Efficient Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13021.pdf)
>  Training vision-based Urban Autonomous driving models is a challenging problem, which is highly researched in recent times. Training such models is a data-intensive task requiring the storage and processing of vast volumes of (possibly redundant) driving video data. In this paper, we study the problem of developing data-efficient autonomous driving systems. In this context, we study the problem of multi-criteria online video frame subset selection. We study convex optimization-based solutions and show that they are unable to provide solutions with high weightage to the loss of selected video frames. We design a novel convex optimization-based multi-criteria online subset selection algorithm that uses a thresholded concave function of selection variables. We also propose and study a submodular optimization-based algorithm. Extensive experiments using the driving simulator CARLA show that we are able to drop 80% of the frames while succeeding to complete 100% of the episodes w.r.t. the model trained on 100% data, in the most difficult task of taking turns. This results in a training time of less than 30% compared to training on the whole dataset. We also perform detailed experiments on prediction performances of various affordances used by the Conditional Affordance Learning (CAL) model and show that our subset selection improves performance on the crucial affordance "Relative Angle" during turns.      
### 65.A Multi-parameter Persistence Framework for Mathematical Morphology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13013.pdf)
>  The field of mathematical morphology offers well-studied techniques for image processing. In this work, we view morphological operations through the lens of persistent homology, a tool at the heart of the field of topological data analysis. We demonstrate that morphological operations naturally form a multiparameter filtration and that persistent homology can then be used to extract information about both topology and geometry in the images as well as to automate methods for optimizing the study and rendering of structure in images. For illustration, we apply this framework to analyze noisy binary, grayscale, and color images.      
### 66.MANAS: Multi-Scale and Multi-Level Neural Architecture Search for Low-Dose CT Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12995.pdf)
>  Lowering the radiation dose in computed tomography (CT) can greatly reduce the potential risk to public health. However, the reconstructed images from the dose-reduced CT or low-dose CT (LDCT) suffer from severe noise, compromising the subsequent diagnosis and analysis. Recently, convolutional neural networks have achieved promising results in removing noise from LDCT images; the network architectures used are either handcrafted or built on top of conventional networks such as ResNet and U-Net. Recent advance on neural network architecture search (NAS) has proved that the network architecture has a dramatic effect on the model performance, which indicates that current network architectures for LDCT may be sub-optimal. Therefore, in this paper, we make the first attempt to apply NAS to LDCT and propose a multi-scale and multi-level NAS for LDCT denoising, termed MANAS. On the one hand, the proposed MANAS fuses features extracted by different scale cells to capture multi-scale image structural details. On the other hand, the proposed MANAS can search a hybrid cell- and network-level structure for better performance. Extensively experimental results on three different dose levels demonstrate that the proposed MANAS can achieve better performance in terms of preserving image structural details than several state-of-the-art methods. In addition, we also validate the effectiveness of the multi-scale and multi-level architecture for LDCT denoising.      
### 67.Integrating Novelty Detection Capabilities with MSL Mastcam Operations to Enhance Data Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12815.pdf)
>  While innovations in scientific instrumentation have pushed the boundaries of Mars rover mission capabilities, the increase in data complexity has pressured Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) and future Mars rover operations staff to quickly analyze complex data sets to meet progressively shorter tactical and strategic planning timelines. MSLWEB is an internal data tracking tool used by operations staff to perform first pass analysis on MSL image sequences, a series of products taken by the Mast camera, Mastcam. Mastcam's multiband multispectral image sequences require more complex analysis compared to standard 3-band RGB images. Typically, these are analyzed using traditional methods to identify unique features within the sequence. Given the short time frame of tactical planning in which downlinked images might need to be analyzed (within 5-10 hours before the next uplink), there exists a need to triage analysis time to focus on the most important sequences and parts of a sequence. We address this need by creating products for MSLWEB that use novelty detection to help operations staff identify unusual data that might be diagnostic of new or atypical compositions or mineralogies detected within an imaging scene. This was achieved in two ways: 1) by creating products for each sequence to identify novel regions in the image, and 2) by assigning multispectral sequences a sortable novelty score. These new products provide colorized heat maps of inferred novelty that operations staff can use to rapidly review downlinked data and focus their efforts on analyzing potentially new kinds of diagnostic multispectral signatures. This approach has the potential to guide scientists to new discoveries by quickly drawing their attention to often subtle variations not detectable with simple color composites.      
### 68.Distributed Visual-Inertial Cooperative Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12770.pdf)
>  In this paper we present a consistent and distributed state estimator for multi-robot cooperative localization (CL) which efficiently fuses environmental features and loop-closure constraints across time and robots. In particular, we leverage covariance intersection (CI) to allow each robot to only track its own state and autocovariance and compensate for the unknown correlations between robots. Two novel different methods for utilizing common environmental temporal SLAM features are introduced and evaluated in terms of accuracy and efficiency. Moreover, we adapt CI to enable drift-free estimation through the use of loop-closure measurement constraints to other robots' historical poses without a significant increase in computational cost. The proposed distributed CL estimator is validated against its naive non-realtime centralized counterpart extensively in both simulations and real-world experiments.      
