# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 17 Mar 2021
### 1.Back to the Feature: Learning Robust Camera Localization from Pixels to Pose  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09213.pdf)
>  Camera pose estimation in known scenes is a 3D geometry task recently tackled by multiple learning algorithms. Many regress precise geometric quantities, like poses or 3D points, from an input image. This either fails to generalize to new viewpoints or ties the model parameters to a specific scene. In this paper, we go Back to the Feature: we argue that deep networks should focus on learning robust and invariant visual features, while the geometric estimation should be left to principled algorithms. We introduce PixLoc, a scene-agnostic neural network that estimates an accurate 6-DoF pose from an image and a 3D model. Our approach is based on the direct alignment of multiscale deep features, casting camera localization as metric learning. PixLoc learns strong data priors by end-to-end training from pixels to pose and exhibits exceptional generalization to new scenes by separating model parameters and scene geometry. The system can localize in large environments given coarse pose priors but also improve the accuracy of sparse feature matching by jointly refining keypoints and poses with little overhead. The code will be publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cvg/pixloc" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.Conceptual Text Region Network: Cognition-Inspired Accurate Scene Text Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09179.pdf)
>  Segmentation-based methods are widely used for scene text detection due to their superiority in describing arbitrary-shaped text instances. However, two major problems still exist: 1) current label generation techniques are mostly empirical and lack theoretical support, discouraging elaborate label design; 2) as a result, most methods rely heavily on text kernel segmentation which is unstable and requires deliberate tuning. To address these challenges, we propose a human cognition-inspired framework, termed, Conceptual Text Region Network (CTRNet). The framework utilizes Conceptual Text Regions (CTRs), which is a class of cognition-based tools inheriting good mathematical properties, allowing for sophisticated label design. Another component of CTRNet is an inference pipeline that, with the help of CTRs, completely omits the need for text kernel segmentation. Compared with previous segmentation-based methods, our approach is not only more interpretable but also more accurate. Experimental results show that CTRNet achieves state-of-the-art performance on benchmark CTW1500, Total-Text, MSRA-TD500, and ICDAR 2015 datasets, yielding performance gains of up to 2.0%. Notably, to the best of our knowledge, CTRNet is among the first detection models to achieve F-measures higher than 85.0% on all four of the benchmarks, with remarkable consistency and stability.      
### 3.RackLay: Multi-Layer Layout Estimation for Warehouse Racks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09174.pdf)
>  Given a monocular colour image of a warehouse rack, we aim to predict the bird's-eye view layout for each shelf in the rack, which we term as multi-layer layout prediction. To this end, we present RackLay, a deep neural network for real-time shelf layout estimation from a single image. Unlike previous layout estimation methods, which provide a single layout for the dominant ground plane alone, \textit{RackLay} estimates the top-view \underline{and} front-view layout for each shelf in the considered rack populated with objects. RackLay's architecture and its variants are versatile and estimate accurate layouts for diverse scenes characterized by varying number of visible shelves in an image, large range in shelf occupancy factor and varied background clutter. Given the extreme paucity of datasets in this space and the difficulty involved in acquiring real data from warehouses, we additionally release a flexible synthetic dataset generation pipeline \textit{WareSynth} which allows users to control the generation process and tailor the dataset according to contingent application. The ablations across architectural variants and comparison with strong prior baselines vindicate the efficacy of \textit{RackLay} as an apt architecture for the novel problem of multi-layered layout estimation. We also show that fusing the top-view and front-view enables 3D reasoning applications such as metric free space estimation for the considered rack.      
### 4.LRGNet: Learnable Region Growing for Class-Agnostic Point Cloud Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09160.pdf)
>  3D point cloud segmentation is an important function that helps robots understand the layout of their surrounding environment and perform tasks such as grasping objects, avoiding obstacles, and finding landmarks. Current segmentation methods are mostly class-specific, many of which are tuned to work with specific object categories and may not be generalizable to different types of scenes. This research proposes a learnable region growing method for class-agnostic point cloud segmentation, specifically for the task of instance label prediction. The proposed method is able to segment any class of objects using a single deep neural network without any assumptions about their shapes and sizes. The deep neural network is trained to predict how to add or remove points from a point cloud region to morph it into incrementally more complete regions of an object instance. Segmentation results on the S3DIS and ScanNet datasets show that the proposed method outperforms competing methods by 1%-9% on 6 different evaluation metrics.      
### 5.Leveraging Recent Advances in Deep Learning for Audio-Visual Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09154.pdf)
>  Emotional expressions are the behaviors that communicate our emotional state or attitude to others. They are expressed through verbal and non-verbal communication. Complex human behavior can be understood by studying physical features from multiple modalities; mainly facial, vocal and physical gestures. Recently, spontaneous multi-modal emotion recognition has been extensively studied for human behavior analysis. In this paper, we propose a new deep learning-based approach for audio-visual emotion recognition. Our approach leverages recent advances in deep learning like knowledge distillation and high-performing deep architectures. The deep feature representations of the audio and visual modalities are fused based on a model-level fusion strategy. A recurrent neural network is then used to capture the temporal dynamics. Our proposed approach substantially outperforms state-of-the-art approaches in predicting valence on the RECOLA dataset. Moreover, our proposed visual facial expression feature extraction network outperforms state-of-the-art results on the AffectNet and Google Facial Expression Comparison datasets.      
### 6.Adversarial Driving: Attacking End-to-End Autonomous Driving Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09151.pdf)
>  As the research in deep neural networks advances, deep convolutional networks become feasible for automated driving tasks. There is an emerging trend of employing end-to-end models in the automation of driving tasks. However, previous research unveils that deep neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial attacks in classification tasks. While for regression tasks such as autonomous driving, the effect of these attacks remains uncertain. In this research, we devise two white-box targeted attacks against end-to-end autonomous driving systems. The driving model takes an image as input and outputs the steering angle. Our attacks can manipulate the behaviour of the autonomous driving system only by changing the input image. The implementation of both attacks can achieve real-time performance on CPUs. This demo aims to raise concerns over applications of end-to-end models in safety-critical systems.      
### 7.Simultaneous Multi-View Camera Pose Estimation and Object Tracking with Square Planar Markers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09141.pdf)
>  Object tracking is a key aspect in many applications such as augmented reality in medicine (e.g. tracking a surgical instrument) or robotics. Squared planar markers have become popular tools for tracking since their pose can be estimated from their four corners. While using a single marker and a single camera limits the working area considerably, using multiple markers attached to an object requires estimating their relative position, which is not trivial, for high accuracy tracking. Likewise, using multiple cameras requires estimating their extrinsic parameters, also a tedious process that must be repeated whenever a camera is moved. <br>This work proposes a novel method to simultaneously solve the above-mentioned problems. From a video sequence showing a rigid set of planar markers recorded from multiple cameras, the proposed method is able to automatically obtain the three-dimensional configuration of the markers, the extrinsic parameters of the cameras, and the relative pose between the markers and the cameras at each frame. Our experiments show that our approach can obtain highly accurate results for estimating these parameters using low resolution cameras. <br>Once the parameters are obtained, tracking of the object can be done in real time with a low computational cost. The proposed method is a step forward in the development of cost-effective solutions for object tracking.      
### 8.QueryDet: Cascaded Sparse Query for Accelerating High-Resolution Small Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09136.pdf)
>  While general object detection with deep learning has achieved great success in the past few years, the performance and efficiency of detecting small objects are far from satisfactory. The most common and effective way to promote small object detection is to use high-resolution images or feature maps. However, both approaches induce costly computation since the computational cost grows squarely as the size of images and features increases. To get the best of two worlds, we propose QueryDet that uses a novel query mechanism to accelerate the inference speed of feature-pyramid based object detectors. The pipeline composes two steps: it first predicts the coarse locations of small objects on low-resolution features and then computes the accurate detection results using high-resolution features sparsely guided by those coarse positions. In this way, we can not only harvest the benefit of high-resolution feature maps but also avoid useless computation for the background area. On the popular COCO dataset, the proposed method improves the detection mAP by 1.0 and mAP-small by 2.0, and the high-resolution inference speed is improved to 3.0x on average. On VisDrone dataset, which contains more small objects, we create a new state-of-the-art while gaining a 2.3x high-resolution acceleration on average. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ChenhongyiYang/QueryDet-PyTorch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 9.Balancing Biases and Preserving Privacy on Balanced Faces in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09118.pdf)
>  There are demographic biases in the SOTA CNN used for FR. Our BFW dataset serves as a proxy to measure bias across ethnicity and gender subgroups, allowing us to characterize FR performances per subgroup. We show performances are non-optimal when a single score threshold is used to determine whether sample pairs are genuine or imposter. Furthermore, actual performance ratings vary greatly from the reported across subgroups. Thus, claims of specific error rates only hold true for populations matching that of the validation data. We mitigate the imbalanced performances using a novel domain adaptation learning scheme on the facial encodings extracted using SOTA deep nets. Not only does this technique balance performance, but it also boosts the overall performance. A benefit of the proposed is to preserve identity information in facial features while removing demographic knowledge in the lower dimensional features. The removal of demographic knowledge prevents future potential biases from being injected into decision-making. Additionally, privacy concerns are satisfied by this removal. We explore why this works qualitatively with hard samples. We also show quantitatively that subgroup classifiers can no longer learn from the encodings mapped by the proposed.      
### 10.Is it Enough to Optimize CNN Architectures on ImageNet?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09108.pdf)
>  An implicit but pervasive hypothesis of modern computer vision research is that convolutional neural network (CNN) architectures that perform better on ImageNet will also perform better on other vision datasets. We challenge this hypothesis through an extensive empirical study for which we train 500 sampled CNN architectures on ImageNet as well as 8 other image classification datasets from a wide array of application domains. The relationship between architecture and performance varies wildly, depending on the datasets. For some of them, the performance correlation with ImageNet is even negative. Clearly, it is not enough to optimize architectures solely for ImageNet when aiming for progress that is relevant for all applications. Therefore, we identify two dataset-specific performance indicators: the cumulative width across layers as well as the total depth of the network. Lastly, we show that the range of dataset variability covered by ImageNet can be significantly extended by adding ImageNet subsets restricted to few classes.      
### 11.Consistent Posterior Distributions under Vessel-Mixing: A Regularization for Cross-Domain Retinal Artery/Vein Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09097.pdf)
>  Retinal artery/vein (A/V) classification is a critical technique for diagnosing diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Although deep learning based methods achieve impressive results in A/V classification, their performances usually degrade severely when being directly applied to another database, due to the domain shift, e.g., caused by the variations in imaging protocols. In this paper, we propose a novel vessel-mixing based consistency regularization framework, for cross-domain learning in retinal A/V classification. Specially, to alleviate the severe bias to source domain, based on the label smooth prior, the model is regularized to give consistent predictions for unlabeled target-domain inputs that are under perturbation. This consistency regularization implicitly introduces a mechanism where the model and the perturbation is opponent to each other, where the model is pushed to be robust enough to cope with the perturbation. Thus, we investigate a more difficult opponent to further inspire the robustness of model, in the scenario of retinal A/V, called vessel-mixing perturbation. Specially, it effectively disturbs the fundus images especially the vessel structures by mixing two images regionally. We conduct extensive experiments on cross-domain A/V classification using four public datasets, which are collected by diverse institutions and imaging devices. The results demonstrate that our method achieves the state-of-the-art cross-domain performance, which is also close to the upper bound obtained by fully supervised learning on target domain.      
### 12.Frequency-aware Discriminative Feature Learning Supervised by Single-Center Loss for Face Forgery Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09096.pdf)
>  Face forgery detection is raising ever-increasing interest in computer vision since facial manipulation technologies cause serious worries. Though recent works have reached sound achievements, there are still unignorable problems: a) learned features supervised by softmax loss are separable but not discriminative enough, since softmax loss does not explicitly encourage intra-class compactness and interclass separability; and b) fixed filter banks and hand-crafted features are insufficient to capture forgery patterns of frequency from diverse inputs. To compensate for such limitations, a novel frequency-aware discriminative feature learning framework is proposed in this paper. Specifically, we design a novel single-center loss (SCL) that only compresses intra-class variations of natural faces while boosting inter-class differences in the embedding space. In such a case, the network can learn more discriminative features with less optimization difficulty. Besides, an adaptive frequency feature generation module is developed to mine frequency clues in a completely data-driven fashion. With the above two modules, the whole framework can learn more discriminative features in an end-to-end manner. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of our framework on three versions of the FF++ dataset.      
### 13.A Large-Scale Dataset for Benchmarking Elevator Button Segmentation and Character Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09030.pdf)
>  Human activities are hugely restricted by COVID-19, recently. Robots that can conduct inter-floor navigation attract much public attention, since they can substitute human workers to conduct the service work. However, current robots either depend on human assistance or elevator retrofitting, and fully autonomous inter-floor navigation is still not available. As the very first step of inter-floor navigation, elevator button segmentation and recognition hold an important position. Therefore, we release the first large-scale publicly available elevator panel dataset in this work, containing 3,718 panel images with 35,100 button labels, to facilitate more powerful algorithms on autonomous elevator operation. Together with the dataset, a number of deep learning based implementations for button segmentation and recognition are also released to benchmark future methods in the community. The dataset will be available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhudelong/elevator_button_recognition" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 14.Dense Interaction Learning for Video-based Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09013.pdf)
>  Video-based person re-identification (re-ID) aims at matching the same person across video clips. Efficiently exploiting multi-scale fine-grained features while building the structural interaction among them is pivotal for its success. In this paper, we propose a hybrid framework, Dense Interaction Learning (DenseIL), that takes the principal advantages of both CNN-based and Attention-based architectures to tackle video-based person re-ID difficulties. DenseIL contains a CNN Encoder and a Transformer Decoder. The CNN Encoder is responsible for efficiently extracting discriminative spatial features while the Transformer Decoder is designed to deliberately model spatial-temporal inherent interaction across frames. Different from the vanilla Transformer, we additionally let the Transformer Decoder densely attends to intermediate fine-grained CNN features and that naturally yields multi-scale spatial-temporal feature representation for each video clip. Moreover, we introduce Spatio-TEmporal Positional Embedding (STEP-Emb) into the Transformer Decoder to investigate the positional relation among the spatial-temporal inputs. Our experiments consistently and significantly outperform all the state-of-the-art methods on multiple standard video-based re-ID datasets.      
### 15.PC-HMR: Pose Calibration for 3D Human Mesh Recovery from 2D Images/Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09009.pdf)
>  The end-to-end Human Mesh Recovery (HMR) approach has been successfully used for 3D body reconstruction. However, most HMR-based frameworks reconstruct human body by directly learning mesh parameters from images or videos, while lacking explicit guidance of 3D human pose in visual data. As a result, the generated mesh often exhibits incorrect pose for complex activities. To tackle this problem, we propose to exploit 3D pose to calibrate human mesh. Specifically, we develop two novel Pose Calibration frameworks, i.e., Serial PC-HMR and Parallel PC-HMR. By coupling advanced 3D pose estimators and HMR in a serial or parallel manner, these two frameworks can effectively correct human mesh with guidance of a concise pose calibration module. Furthermore, since the calibration module is designed via non-rigid pose transformation, our PC-HMR frameworks can flexibly tackle bone length variations to alleviate misplacement in the calibrated mesh. Finally, our frameworks are based on generic and complementary integration of data-driven learning and geometrical modeling. Via plug-and-play modules, they can be efficiently adapted for both image/video-based human mesh recovery. Additionally, they have no requirement of extra 3D pose annotations in the testing phase, which releases inference difficulties in practice. We perform extensive experiments on the popular bench-marks, i.e., Human3.6M, 3DPW and SURREAL, where our PC-HMR frameworks achieve the SOTA results.      
### 16.Hebbian Semi-Supervised Learning in a Sample Efficiency Setting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09002.pdf)
>  We propose to address the issue of sample efficiency, in Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (DCNN), with a semisupervised training strategy that combines Hebbian learning with gradient descent: all internal layers (both convolutional and fully connected) are pre-trained using an unsupervised approach based on Hebbian learning, and the last fully connected layer (the classification layer) is using Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD). In fact, as Hebbian learning is an unsupervised learning method, its potential lies in the possibility of training the internal layers of a DCNN without labeled examples. Only the final fully connected layer has to be trained with labeled examples. We performed experiments on various object recognition datasets, in different regimes of sample efficiency, comparing our semi-supervised (Hebbian for internal layers + SGD for the final fully layer) approach with end-to-end supervised backpropagation training. The results show that, in regimes where the number of available labeled samples is low, our semi-supervised approach outperforms full backpropagation in almost all the cases.      
### 17.Modulating Localization and Classification for Harmonized Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08958.pdf)
>  Object detection involves two sub-tasks, i.e. localizing objects in an image and classifying them into various categories. For existing CNN-based detectors, we notice the widespread divergence between localization and classification, which leads to degradation in performance. In this work, we propose a mutual learning framework to modulate the two tasks. In particular, the two tasks are forced to learn from each other with a novel mutual labeling strategy. Besides, we introduce a simple yet effective IoU rescoring scheme, which further reduces the divergence. Moreover, we define a Spearman rank correlation-based metric to quantify the divergence, which correlates well with the detection performance. The proposed approach is general-purpose and can be easily injected into existing detectors such as FCOS and RetinaNet. We achieve a significant performance gain over the baseline detectors on the COCO dataset.      
### 18.Combining Morphological and Histogram based Text Line Segmentation in the OCR Context  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08922.pdf)
>  Text line segmentation is one of the pre-stages of modern optical character recognition systems. The algorithmic approach proposed by this paper has been designed for this exact purpose. Its main characteristic is the combination of two different techniques, morphological image operations and horizontal histogram projections. The method was developed to be applied on a historic data collection that commonly features quality issues, such as degraded paper, blurred text, or curved text lines. For that reason, the segmenter in question could be of particular interest for cultural institutions, such as libraries, archives, museums, ..., that want access to robust line bounding boxes for a given historic document. Because of the promising segmentation results that are joined by low computational cost, the algorithm was incorporated into the OCR pipeline of the National Library of Luxembourg, in the context of the initiative of reprocessing their historic newspaper collection. The general contribution of this paper is to outline the approach and to evaluate the gains in terms of accuracy and speed, comparing it to the segmentation algorithm bundled with the used open source OCR software.      
### 19.EADNet: Efficient Asymmetric Dilated Network for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08914.pdf)
>  Due to real-time image semantic segmentation needs on power constrained edge devices, there has been an increasing desire to design lightweight semantic segmentation neural network, to simultaneously reduce computational cost and increase inference speed. In this paper, we propose an efficient asymmetric dilated semantic segmentation network, named EADNet, which consists of multiple developed asymmetric convolution branches with different dilation rates to capture the variable shapes and scales information of an image. Specially, a multi-scale multi-shape receptive field convolution (MMRFC) block with only a few parameters is designed to capture such information. Experimental results on the Cityscapes dataset demonstrate that our proposed EADNet achieves segmentation mIoU of 67.1 with smallest number of parameters (only 0.35M) among mainstream lightweight semantic segmentation networks.      
### 20.BBAM: Bounding Box Attribution Map for Weakly Supervised Semantic and Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08907.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised segmentation methods using bounding box annotations focus on obtaining a pixel-level mask from each box containing an object. Existing methods typically depend on a class-agnostic mask generator, which operates on the low-level information intrinsic to an image. In this work, we utilize higher-level information from the behavior of a trained object detector, by seeking the smallest areas of the image from which the object detector produces almost the same result as it does from the whole image. These areas constitute a bounding-box attribution map (BBAM), which identifies the target object in its bounding box and thus serves as pseudo ground-truth for weakly supervised semantic and instance segmentation. This approach significantly outperforms recent comparable techniques on both the PASCAL VOC and MS COCO benchmarks in weakly supervised semantic and instance segmentation. In addition, we provide a detailed analysis of our method, offering deeper insight into the behavior of the BBAM.      
### 21.Anti-Adversarially Manipulated Attributions for Weakly and Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08896.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised semantic segmentation produces a pixel-level localization from a classifier, but it is likely to restrict its focus to a small discriminative region of the target object. AdvCAM is an attribution map of an image that is manipulated to increase the classification score. This manipulation is realized in an anti-adversarial manner, which perturbs the images along pixel gradients in the opposite direction from those used in an adversarial attack. It forces regions initially considered not to be discriminative to become involved in subsequent classifications, and produces attribution maps that successively identify more regions of the target object. In addition, we introduce a new regularization procedure that inhibits the incorrect attribution of regions unrelated to the target object and limits the attributions of the regions that already have high scores. On PASCAL VOC 2012 test images, we achieve mIoUs of 68.0 and 76.9 for weakly and semi-supervised semantic segmentation respectively, which represent a new state-of-the-art.      
### 22.Spatial Dependency Networks: Neural Layers for Improved Generative Image Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08877.pdf)
>  How to improve generative modeling by better exploiting spatial regularities and coherence in images? We introduce a novel neural network for building image generators (decoders) and apply it to variational autoencoders (VAEs). In our spatial dependency networks (SDNs), feature maps at each level of a deep neural net are computed in a spatially coherent way, using a sequential gating-based mechanism that distributes contextual information across 2-D space. We show that augmenting the decoder of a hierarchical VAE by spatial dependency layers considerably improves density estimation over baseline convolutional architectures and the state-of-the-art among the models within the same class. Furthermore, we demonstrate that SDN can be applied to large images by synthesizing samples of high quality and coherence. In a vanilla VAE setting, we find that a powerful SDN decoder also improves learning disentangled representations, indicating that neural architectures play an important role in this task. Our results suggest favoring spatial dependency over convolutional layers in various VAE settings. The accompanying source code is given at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/djordjemila/sdn" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.Super-Resolving Cross-Domain Face Miniatures by Peeking at One-Shot Exemplar  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08863.pdf)
>  Conventional face super-resolution methods usually assume testing low-resolution (LR) images lie in the same domain as the training ones. Due to different lighting conditions and imaging hardware, domain gaps between training and testing images inevitably occur in many real-world scenarios. Neglecting those domain gaps would lead to inferior face super-resolution (FSR) performance. However, how to transfer a trained FSR model to a target domain efficiently and effectively has not been investigated. To tackle this problem, we develop a Domain-Aware Pyramid-based Face Super-Resolution network, named DAP-FSR network. Our DAP-FSR is the first attempt to super-resolve LR faces from a target domain by exploiting only a pair of high-resolution (HR) and LR exemplar in the target domain. To be specific, our DAP-FSR firstly employs its encoder to extract the multi-scale latent representations of the input LR face. Considering only one target domain example is available, we propose to augment the target domain data by mixing the latent representations of the target domain face and source domain ones, and then feed the mixed representations to the decoder of our DAP-FSR. The decoder will generate new face images resembling the target domain image style. The generated HR faces in turn are used to optimize our decoder to reduce the domain gap. By iteratively updating the latent representations and our decoder, our DAP-FSR will be adapted to the target domain, thus achieving authentic and high-quality upsampled HR faces. Extensive experiments on three newly constructed benchmarks validate the effectiveness and superior performance of our DAP-FSR compared to the state-of-the-art.      
### 24.Adversarial YOLO: Defense Human Detection Patch Attacks via Detecting Adversarial Patches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08860.pdf)
>  The security of object detection systems has attracted increasing attention, especially when facing adversarial patch attacks. Since patch attacks change the pixels in a restricted area on objects, they are easy to implement in the physical world, especially for attacking human detection systems. The existing defenses against patch attacks are mostly applied for image classification problems and have difficulty resisting human detection attacks. Towards this critical issue, we propose an efficient and effective plug-in defense component on the YOLO detection system, which we name Ad-YOLO. The main idea is to add a patch class on the YOLO architecture, which has a negligible inference increment. Thus, Ad-YOLO is expected to directly detect both the objects of interest and adversarial patches. To the best of our knowledge, our approach is the first defense strategy against human detection attacks. <br>We investigate Ad-YOLO's performance on the YOLOv2 baseline. To improve the ability of Ad-YOLO to detect variety patches, we first use an adversarial training process to develop a patch dataset based on the Inria dataset, which we name Inria-Patch. Then, we train Ad-YOLO by a combination of Pascal VOC, Inria, and Inria-Patch datasets. With a slight drop of $0.70\%$ mAP on VOC 2007 test set, Ad-YOLO achieves $80.31\%$ AP of persons, which highly outperforms $33.93\%$ AP for YOLOv2 when facing white-box patch attacks. Furthermore, compared with YOLOv2, the results facing a physical-world attack are also included to demonstrate Ad-YOLO's excellent generalization ability.      
### 25.Lite-HDSeg: LiDAR Semantic Segmentation Using Lite Harmonic Dense Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08852.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving vehicles and robotic systems rely on accurate perception of their surroundings. Scene understanding is one of the crucial components of perception modules. Among all available sensors, LiDARs are one of the essential sensing modalities of autonomous driving systems due to their active sensing nature with high resolution of sensor readings. Accurate and fast semantic segmentation methods are needed to fully utilize LiDAR sensors for scene understanding. In this paper, we present Lite-HDSeg, a novel real-time convolutional neural network for semantic segmentation of full $3$D LiDAR point clouds. Lite-HDSeg can achieve the best accuracy vs. computational complexity trade-off in SemanticKitti benchmark and is designed on the basis of a new encoder-decoder architecture with light-weight harmonic dense convolutions as its core. Moreover, we introduce ICM, an improved global contextual module to capture multi-scale contextual features, and MCSPN, a multi-class Spatial Propagation Network to further refine the semantic boundaries. Our experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art semantic segmentation approaches which can run real-time, thus is suitable for robotic and autonomous driving applications.      
### 26.Multilingual Multimodal Pre-training for Zero-Shot Cross-Lingual Transfer of Vision-Language Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08849.pdf)
>  This paper studies zero-shot cross-lingual transfer of vision-language models. Specifically, we focus on multilingual text-to-video search and propose a Transformer-based model that learns contextualized multilingual multimodal embeddings. Under a zero-shot setting, we empirically demonstrate that performance degrades significantly when we query the multilingual text-video model with non-English sentences. To address this problem, we introduce a multilingual multimodal pre-training strategy, and collect a new multilingual instructional video dataset (MultiHowTo100M) for pre-training. Experiments on VTT show that our method significantly improves video search in non-English languages without additional annotations. Furthermore, when multilingual annotations are available, our method outperforms recent baselines by a large margin in multilingual text-to-video search on VTT and VATEX; as well as in multilingual text-to-image search on Multi30K. Our model and Multi-HowTo100M is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/berniebear/Mutli-HT100M" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 27.GSVNet: Guided Spatially-Varying Convolution for Fast Semantic Segmentation on Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08834.pdf)
>  This paper addresses fast semantic segmentation on video.Video segmentation often calls for real-time, or even fasterthan real-time, processing. One common recipe for conserving computation arising from feature extraction is to propagate features of few selected keyframes. However, recent advances in fast image segmentation make these solutions less attractive. To leverage fast image segmentation for furthering video segmentation, we propose a simple yet efficient propagation framework. Specifically, we perform lightweight flow estimation in 1/8-downscaled image space for temporal warping in segmentation outpace space. Moreover, we introduce a guided spatially-varying convolution for fusing segmentations derived from the previous and current frames, to mitigate propagation error and enable lightweight feature extraction on non-keyframes. Experimental results on Cityscapes and CamVid show that our scheme achieves the state-of-the-art accuracy-throughput trade-off on video segmentation.      
### 28.Skeleton Based Sign Language Recognition Using Whole-body Keypoints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08833.pdf)
>  Sign language is a visual language that is used by deaf or speech impaired people to communicate with each other. Sign language is always performed by fast transitions of hand gestures and body postures, requiring a great amount of knowledge and training to understand it. Sign language recognition becomes a useful yet challenging task in computer vision. Skeleton-based action recognition is becoming popular that it can be further ensembled with RGB-D based method to achieve state-of-the-art performance. However, skeleton-based recognition can hardly be applied to sign language recognition tasks, majorly because skeleton data contains no indication of hand gestures or facial expressions. Inspired by the recent development of whole-body pose estimation \cite{jin2020whole}, we propose recognizing sign language based on the whole-body key points and features. The recognition results are further ensembled with other modalities of RGB and optical flows to improve the accuracy further. In the challenge about isolated sign language recognition hosted by ChaLearn using a new large-scale multi-modal Turkish Sign Language dataset (AUTSL). Our method achieved leading accuracy in both the development phase and test phase. This manuscript is a fact sheet version. Our workshop paper version will be released soon. Our code has been made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jackyjsy/CVPR21Chal-SLR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 29.Towards Indirect Top-Down Road Transport Emissions Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08829.pdf)
>  Road transportation is one of the largest sectors of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions affecting climate change. Tackling climate change as a global community will require new capabilities to measure and inventory road transport emissions. However, the large scale and distributed nature of vehicle emissions make this sector especially challenging for existing inventory methods. In this work, we develop machine learning models that use satellite imagery to perform indirect top-down estimation of road transport emissions. Our initial experiments focus on the United States, where a bottom-up inventory was available for training our models. We achieved a mean absolute error (MAE) of 39.5 kg CO$_{2}$ of annual road transport emissions, calculated on a pixel-by-pixel (100 m$^{2}$) basis in Sentinel-2 imagery. We also discuss key model assumptions and challenges that need to be addressed to develop models capable of generalizing to global geography. We believe this work is the first published approach for automated indirect top-down estimation of road transport sector emissions using visual imagery and represents a critical step towards scalable, global, near-real-time road transportation emissions inventories that are measured both independently and objectively.      
### 30.Track to Detect and Segment: An Online Multi-Object Tracker  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08808.pdf)
>  Most online multi-object trackers perform object detection stand-alone in a neural net without any input from tracking. In this paper, we present a new online joint detection and tracking model, TraDeS (TRAck to DEtect and Segment), exploiting tracking clues to assist detection end-to-end. TraDeS infers object tracking offset by a cost volume, which is used to propagate previous object features for improving current object detection and segmentation. Effectiveness and superiority of TraDeS are shown on 4 datasets, including MOT (2D tracking), nuScenes (3D tracking), MOTS and Youtube-VIS (instance segmentation tracking). Project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://jialianwu.com/projects/TraDeS.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.A Computer Vision System to Help Prevent the Transmission of COVID-19  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08773.pdf)
>  The COVID-19 pandemic affects every area of daily life globally. To avoid the spread of coronavirus and retrieve the daily normal worldwide, health organizations advise social distancing, wearing face mask, and avoiding touching face. Based on these recommended protective measures, we developed a deep learning-based computer vision system to help prevent the transmission of COVID-19. Specifically, the developed system performs face mask detection, face-hand interaction detection, and measures social distance. For these purposes, we collected and annotated images that represent face mask usage and face-hand interaction in the real world. We presented two different face datasets, namely Unconstrained Face Mask Dataset (UFMD) and Unconstrained Face Hand Dataset (UFHD). We trained the proposed models on our own datasets and evaluated them on both our datasets and already existing datasets in the literature without performing any adaptation on these target datasets. Besides, we proposed a distance measurement module to track social distance between people. Experimental results indicate that UFMD and UFHD represent the real-world's diversity well. The proposed system achieved very high performance and generalization capacity in a real-world scenario for unseen data from outside the training data to detect face mask usage and face-hand interaction, and satisfactory performance in the case of tracking social distance. Presented UFMD and UFHD datasets will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/iremeyiokur/COVID-19-Preventions-Control-System" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.A LiDAR-Guided Framework for Video Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08764.pdf)
>  This paper presents a general framework that simultaneously improves the quality and the execution speed of a range of video enhancement tasks, such as super-sampling, deblurring, and denoising. The key to our framework is a pixel motion estimation algorithm that generates accurate motion from low-quality videos while being computationally very lightweight. Our motion estimation algorithm leverages point cloud information, which is readily available in today's autonomous devices and will only become more common in the future. We demonstrate a generic framework that leverages the motion information to guide high-quality image reconstruction. Experiments show that our framework consistently outperforms the state-of-the-art video enhancement algorithms while improving the execution speed by an order of magnitude.      
### 33.Revisiting Dynamic Convolution via Matrix Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08756.pdf)
>  Recent research in dynamic convolution shows substantial performance boost for efficient CNNs, due to the adaptive aggregation of K static convolution kernels. It has two limitations: (a) it increases the number of convolutional weights by K-times, and (b) the joint optimization of dynamic attention and static convolution kernels is challenging. In this paper, we revisit it from a new perspective of matrix decomposition and reveal the key issue is that dynamic convolution applies dynamic attention over channel groups after projecting into a higher dimensional latent space. To address this issue, we propose dynamic channel fusion to replace dynamic attention over channel groups. Dynamic channel fusion not only enables significant dimension reduction of the latent space, but also mitigates the joint optimization difficulty. As a result, our method is easier to train and requires significantly fewer parameters without sacrificing accuracy. Source code is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/liyunsheng13/dcd" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.S3Net: 3D LiDAR Sparse Semantic Segmentation Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08745.pdf)
>  Semantic Segmentation is a crucial component in the perception systems of many applications, such as robotics and autonomous driving that rely on accurate environmental perception and understanding. In literature, several approaches are introduced to attempt LiDAR semantic segmentation task, such as projection-based (range-view or birds-eye-view), and voxel-based approaches. However, they either abandon the valuable 3D topology and geometric relations and suffer from information loss introduced in the projection process or are inefficient. Therefore, there is a need for accurate models capable of processing the 3D driving-scene point cloud in 3D space. In this paper, we propose S3Net, a novel convolutional neural network for LiDAR point cloud semantic segmentation. It adopts an encoder-decoder backbone that consists of Sparse Intra-channel Attention Module (SIntraAM), and Sparse Inter-channel Attention Module (SInterAM) to emphasize the fine details of both within each feature map and among nearby feature maps. To extract the global contexts in deeper layers, we introduce Sparse Residual Tower based upon sparse convolution that suits varying sparsity of LiDAR point cloud. In addition, geo-aware anisotrophic loss is leveraged to emphasize the semantic boundaries and penalize the noise within each predicted regions, leading to a robust prediction. Our experimental results show that the proposed method leads to a large improvement (12\%) compared to its baseline counterpart (MinkNet42 \cite{choy20194d}) on SemanticKITTI \cite{DBLP:conf/iccv/BehleyGMQBSG19} test set and achieves state-of-the-art mIoU accuracy of semantic segmentation approaches.      
### 35.UPANets: Learning from the Universal Pixel Attention Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08640.pdf)
>  Among image classification, skip and densely-connection-based networks have dominated most leaderboards. Recently, from the successful development of multi-head attention in natural language processing, it is sure that now is a time of either using a Transformer-like model or hybrid CNNs with attention. However, the former need a tremendous resource to train, and the latter is in the perfect balance in this direction. In this work, to make CNNs handle global and local information, we proposed UPANets, which equips channel-wise attention with a hybrid skip-densely-connection structure. Also, the extreme-connection structure makes UPANets robust with a smoother loss landscape. In experiments, UPANets surpassed most well-known and widely-used SOTAs with an accuracy of 96.47% in Cifar-10, 80.29% in Cifar-100, and 67.67% in Tiny Imagenet. Most importantly, these performances have high parameters efficiency and only trained in one customer-based GPU. We share implementing code of UPANets in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hanktseng131415go/UPANets" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 36.Domain-Incremental Continual Learning for Mitigating Bias in Facial Expression and Action Unit Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08637.pdf)
>  As Facial Expression Recognition (FER) systems become integrated into our daily lives, these systems need to prioritise making fair decisions instead of aiming at higher individual accuracy scores. Ranging from surveillance systems to diagnosing mental and emotional health conditions of individuals, these systems need to balance the accuracy vs fairness trade-off to make decisions that do not unjustly discriminate against specific under-represented demographic groups. Identifying bias as a critical problem in facial analysis systems, different methods have been proposed that aim to mitigate bias both at data and algorithmic levels. In this work, we propose the novel usage of Continual Learning (CL), in particular, using Domain-Incremental Learning (Domain-IL) settings, as a potent bias mitigation method to enhance the fairness of FER systems while guarding against biases arising from skewed data distributions. We compare different non-CL-based and CL-based methods for their classification accuracy and fairness scores on expression recognition and Action Unit (AU) detection tasks using two popular benchmarks, the RAF-DB and BP4D datasets, respectively. Our experimental results show that CL-based methods, on average, outperform other popular bias mitigation techniques on both accuracy and fairness metrics.      
### 37.Design and Development of Autonomous Delivery Robot  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09229.pdf)
>  The field of autonomous robotics is growing at a rapid rate. The trend to use increasingly more sensors in vehicles is driven both by legislation and consumer demands for higher safety and reliable service. Nowadays, robots are found everywhere, ranging from homes, hospitals to industries, and military operations. Autonomous robots are developed to be robust enough to work beside humans and to carry out jobs efficiently. Humans have a natural sense of understanding of the physical forces acting around them like gravity, sense of motion, etc. which are not taught explicitly but are developed naturally. However, this is not the case with robots. To make the robot fully autonomous and competent to work with humans, the robot must be able to perceive the situation and devise a plan for smooth operation, considering all the adversities that may occur while carrying out the tasks. In this thesis, we present an autonomous mobile robot platform that delivers the package within the VNIT campus without any human intercommunication. From an initial user-supplied geographic target location, the system plans an optimized path and autonomously navigates through it. The entire pipeline of an autonomous robot working in outdoor environments is explained in detail in this thesis.      
### 38.Sparse Curriculum Reinforcement Learning for End-to-End Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09189.pdf)
>  Deep reinforcement Learning for end-to-end driving is limited by the need of complex reward engineering. Sparse rewards can circumvent this challenge but suffers from long training time and leads to sub-optimal policy. In this work, we explore driving using only goal conditioned sparse rewards and propose a curriculum learning approach for end to end driving using only navigation view maps that benefit from small virtual-to-real domain gap. To address the complexity of multiple driving policies, we learn concurrent individual policies which are selected at inference by a navigation system. We demonstrate the ability of our proposal to generalize on unseen road layout, and to drive longer than in the training.      
### 39.Unsupervised Anomaly Segmentation using Image-Semantic Cycle Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09094.pdf)
>  The goal of unsupervised anomaly segmentation (UAS) is to detect the pixel-level anomalies unseen during training. It is a promising field in the medical imaging community, e.g, we can use the model trained with only healthy data to segment the lesions of rare diseases. Existing methods are mainly based on Information Bottleneck, whose underlying principle is modeling the distribution of normal anatomy via learning to compress and recover the healthy data with a low-dimensional manifold, and then detecting lesions as the outlier from this learned distribution. However, this dimensionality reduction inevitably damages the localization information, which is especially essential for pixel-level anomaly detection. In this paper, to alleviate this issue, we introduce the semantic space of healthy anatomy in the process of modeling healthy-data distribution. More precisely, we view the couple of segmentation and synthesis as a special Autoencoder, and propose a novel cycle translation framework with a journey of 'image-&gt;semantic-&gt;image'. Experimental results on the BraTS and ISLES databases show that the proposed approach achieves significantly superior performance compared to several prior methods and segments the anomalies more accurately.      
### 40.Invertible Residual Network with Regularization for Effective Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09042.pdf)
>  Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) i.e. Residual Networks (ResNets) have been used successfully for many computer vision tasks, but are difficult to scale to 3D volumetric medical data. Memory is increasingly often the bottleneck when training 3D Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). Recently, invertible neural networks have been applied to significantly reduce activation memory footprint when training neural networks with backpropagation thanks to the invertible functions that allow retrieving its input from its output without storing intermediate activations in memory to perform the backpropagation. <br>Among many successful network architectures, 3D Unet has been established as a standard architecture for volumetric medical segmentation. Thus, we choose 3D Unet as a baseline for a non-invertible network and we then extend it with the invertible residual network. In this paper, we proposed two versions of the invertible Residual Network, namely Partially Invertible Residual Network (Partially-InvRes) and Fully Invertible Residual Network (Fully-InvRes). In Partially-InvRes, the invertible residual layer is defined by a technique called additive coupling whereas in Fully-InvRes, both invertible upsampling and downsampling operations are learned based on squeezing (known as pixel shuffle). Furthermore, to avoid the overfitting problem because of less training data, a variational auto-encoder (VAE) branch is added to reconstruct the input volumetric data itself. Our results indicate that by using partially/fully invertible networks as the central workhorse in volumetric segmentation, we not only reduce memory overhead but also achieve compatible segmentation performance compared against the non-invertible 3D Unet. We have demonstrated the proposed networks on various volumetric datasets such as iSeg 2019 and BraTS 2020.      
### 41.Repurposing Pretrained Models for Robust Out-of-domain Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09027.pdf)
>  Model-agnostic meta-learning (MAML) is a popular method for few-shot learning but assumes that we have access to the meta-training set. In practice, training on the meta-training set may not always be an option due to data privacy concerns, intellectual property issues, or merely lack of computing resources. In this paper, we consider the novel problem of repurposing pretrained MAML checkpoints to solve new few-shot classification tasks. Because of the potential distribution mismatch, the original MAML steps may no longer be optimal. Therefore we propose an alternative meta-testing procedure and combine MAML gradient steps with adversarial training and uncertainty-based stepsize adaptation. Our method outperforms "vanilla" MAML on same-domain and cross-domains benchmarks using both SGD and Adam optimizers and shows improved robustness to the choice of base stepsize.      
### 42.Unsupervised Missing Cone Deep Learning in Optical Diffraction Tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09022.pdf)
>  Optical diffraction tomography (ODT) produces three dimensional distribution of refractive index (RI) by measuring scattering fields at various angles. Although the distribution of RI index is highly informative, due to the missing cone problem stemming from the limited-angle acquisition of holograms, reconstructions have very poor resolution along axial direction compared to the horizontal imaging plane. To solve this issue, here we present a novel unsupervised deep learning framework, which learns the probability distribution of missing projection views through optimal transport driven cycleGAN. Experimental results show that missing cone artifact in ODT can be significantly resolved by the proposed method.      
### 43.Unsupervised anomaly detection in digital pathology using GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08945.pdf)
>  Machine learning (ML) algorithms are optimized for the distribution represented by the training data. For outlier data, they often deliver predictions with equal confidence, even though these should not be trusted. In order to deploy ML-based digital pathology solutions in clinical practice, effective methods for detecting anomalous data are crucial to avoid incorrect decisions in the outlier scenario. We propose a new unsupervised learning approach for anomaly detection in histopathology data based on generative adversarial networks (GANs). Compared to the existing GAN-based methods that have been used in medical imaging, the proposed approach improves significantly on performance for pathology data. Our results indicate that histopathology imagery is substantially more complex than the data targeted by the previous methods. This complexity requires not only a more advanced GAN architecture but also an appropriate anomaly metric to capture the quality of the reconstructed images.      
### 44.Deep Reinforcement Learning for Band Selection in Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08741.pdf)
>  Band selection refers to the process of choosing the most relevant bands in a hyperspectral image. By selecting a limited number of optimal bands, we aim at speeding up model training, improving accuracy, or both. It reduces redundancy among spectral bands while trying to preserve the original information of the image. By now many efforts have been made to develop unsupervised band selection approaches, of which the majority are heuristic algorithms devised by trial and error. In this paper, we are interested in training an intelligent agent that, given a hyperspectral image, is capable of automatically learning policy to select an optimal band subset without any hand-engineered reasoning. To this end, we frame the problem of unsupervised band selection as a Markov decision process, propose an effective method to parameterize it, and finally solve the problem by deep reinforcement learning. Once the agent is trained, it learns a band-selection policy that guides the agent to sequentially select bands by fully exploiting the hyperspectral image and previously picked bands. Furthermore, we propose two different reward schemes for the environment simulation of deep reinforcement learning and compare them in experiments. This, to the best of our knowledge, is the first study that explores a deep reinforcement learning model for hyperspectral image analysis, thus opening a new door for future research and showcasing the great potential of deep reinforcement learning in remote sensing applications. Extensive experiments are carried out on four hyperspectral data sets, and experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 45.Deep Learning for Chest X-ray Analysis: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08700.pdf)
>  Recent advances in deep learning have led to a promising performance in many medical image analysis tasks. As the most commonly performed radiological exam, chest radiographs are a particularly important modality for which a variety of applications have been researched. The release of multiple, large, publicly available chest X-ray datasets in recent years has encouraged research interest and boosted the number of publications. In this paper, we review all studies using deep learning on chest radiographs, categorizing works by task: image-level prediction (classification and regression), segmentation, localization, image generation and domain adaptation. Commercially available applications are detailed, and a comprehensive discussion of the current state of the art and potential future directions are provided.      
### 46.Towards New Multiwavelets: Associated Filters and Algorithms. Part I: Theoretical Framework and Investigation of Biomedical Signals, ECG and Coronavirus Cases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08657.pdf)
>  Biosignals are nowadays important subjects for scientific researches from both theory and applications especially with the appearance of new pandemics threatening humanity such as the new Coronavirus. One aim in the present work is to prove that Wavelets may be successful machinery to understand such phenomena by applying a step forward extension of wavelets to multiwavelets. We proposed in a first step to improve the multiwavelet notion by constructing more general families using independent components for multi-scaling and multiwavelet mother functions. A special multiwavelet is then introduced, continuous and discrete multiwavelet transforms are associated, as well as new filters and algorithms of decomposition and reconstruction. The constructed multiwavelet framework is applied for some experimentations showing fast algorithms, ECG signal, and a strain of Coronavirus processing.      
