# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 4 Mar 2021
### 1.Towards Open World Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02603.pdf)
>  Humans have a natural instinct to identify unknown object instances in their environments. The intrinsic curiosity about these unknown instances aids in learning about them, when the corresponding knowledge is eventually available. This motivates us to propose a novel computer vision problem called: `Open World Object Detection', where a model is tasked to: 1) identify objects that have not been introduced to it as `unknown', without explicit supervision to do so, and 2) incrementally learn these identified unknown categories without forgetting previously learned classes, when the corresponding labels are progressively received. We formulate the problem, introduce a strong evaluation protocol and provide a novel solution, which we call ORE: Open World Object Detector, based on contrastive clustering and energy based unknown identification. Our experimental evaluation and ablation studies analyze the efficacy of ORE in achieving Open World objectives. As an interesting by-product, we find that identifying and characterizing unknown instances helps to reduce confusion in an incremental object detection setting, where we achieve state-of-the-art performance, with no extra methodological effort. We hope that our work will attract further research into this newly identified, yet crucial research direction.      
### 2.Neural 3D Video Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02597.pdf)
>  We propose a novel approach for 3D video synthesis that is able to represent multi-view video recordings of a dynamic real-world scene in a compact, yet expressive representation that enables high-quality view synthesis and motion interpolation. Our approach takes the high quality and compactness of static neural radiance fields in a new direction: to a model-free, dynamic setting. At the core of our approach is a novel time-conditioned neural radiance fields that represents scene dynamics using a set of compact latent codes. To exploit the fact that changes between adjacent frames of a video are typically small and locally consistent, we propose two novel strategies for efficient training of our neural network: 1) An efficient hierarchical training scheme, and 2) an importance sampling strategy that selects the next rays for training based on the temporal variation of the input videos. In combination, these two strategies significantly boost the training speed, lead to fast convergence of the training process, and enable high quality results. Our learned representation is highly compact and able to represent a 10 second 30 FPS multi-view video recording by 18 cameras with a model size of just 28MB. We demonstrate that our method can render high-fidelity wide-angle novel views at over 1K resolution, even for highly complex and dynamic scenes. We perform an extensive qualitative and quantitative evaluation that shows that our approach outperforms the current state of the art. We include additional video and information at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://neural-3d-video.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 3.Cross-View Regularization for Domain Adaptive Panoptic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02584.pdf)
>  Panoptic segmentation unifies semantic segmentation and instance segmentation which has been attracting increasing attention in recent years. However, most existing research was conducted under a supervised learning setup whereas unsupervised domain adaptive panoptic segmentation which is critical in different tasks and applications is largely neglected. We design a domain adaptive panoptic segmentation network that exploits inter-style consistency and inter-task regularization for optimal domain adaptive panoptic segmentation. The inter-style consistency leverages geometric invariance across the same image of the different styles which fabricates certain self-supervisions to guide the network to learn domain-invariant features. The inter-task regularization exploits the complementary nature of instance segmentation and semantic segmentation and uses it as a constraint for better feature alignment across domains. Extensive experiments over multiple domain adaptive panoptic segmentation tasks (e.g., synthetic-to-real and real-to-real) show that our proposed network achieves superior segmentation performance as compared with the state-of-the-art.      
### 4.Simulating time to event prediction with spatiotemporal echocardiography deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02583.pdf)
>  Integrating methods for time-to-event prediction with diagnostic imaging modalities is of considerable interest, as accurate estimates of survival requires accounting for censoring of individuals within the observation period. New methods for time-to-event prediction have been developed by extending the cox-proportional hazards model with neural networks. In this paper, to explore the feasibility of these methods when applied to deep learning with echocardiography videos, we utilize the Stanford EchoNet-Dynamic dataset with over 10,000 echocardiograms, and generate simulated survival datasets based on the expert annotated ejection fraction readings. By training on just the simulated survival outcomes, we show that spatiotemporal convolutional neural networks yield accurate survival estimates.      
### 5.House-GAN++: Generative Adversarial Layout Refinement Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02574.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel generative adversarial layout refinement network for automated floorplan generation. Our architecture is an integration of a graph-constrained relational GAN and a conditional GAN, where a previously generated layout becomes the next input constraint, enabling iterative refinement. A surprising discovery of our research is that a simple non-iterative training process, dubbed component-wise GT-conditioning, is effective in learning such a generator. The iterative generator also creates a new opportunity in further improving a metric of choice via meta-optimization techniques by controlling when to pass which input constraints during iterative layout refinement. Our qualitative and quantitative evaluation based on the three standard metrics demonstrate that the proposed system makes significant improvements over the current state-of-the-art, even competitive against the ground-truth floorplans, designed by professional architects.      
### 6.ICAM-reg: Interpretable Classification and Regression with Feature Attribution for Mapping Neurological Phenotypes in Individual Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02561.pdf)
>  An important goal of medical imaging is to be able to precisely detect patterns of disease specific to individual scans; however, this is challenged in brain imaging by the degree of heterogeneity of shape and appearance. Traditional methods, based on image registration to a global template, historically fail to detect variable features of disease, as they utilise population-based analyses, suited primarily to studying group-average effects. In this paper we therefore take advantage of recent developments in generative deep learning to develop a method for simultaneous classification, or regression, and feature attribution (FA). Specifically, we explore the use of a VAE-GAN translation network called ICAM, to explicitly disentangle class relevant features from background confounds for improved interpretability and regression of neurological phenotypes. We validate our method on the tasks of Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) cognitive test score prediction for the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI) cohort, as well as brain age prediction, for both neurodevelopment and neurodegeneration, using the developing Human Connectome Project (dHCP) and UK Biobank datasets. We show that the generated FA maps can be used to explain outlier predictions and demonstrate that the inclusion of a regression module improves the disentanglement of the latent space. Our code is freely available on Github <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/CherBass/ICAM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.Style-based Point Generator with Adversarial Rendering for Point Cloud Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02535.pdf)
>  In this paper, we proposed a novel Style-based Point Generator with Adversarial Rendering (SpareNet) for point cloud completion. Firstly, we present the channel-attentive EdgeConv to fully exploit the local structures as well as the global shape in point features. Secondly, we observe that the concatenation manner used by vanilla foldings limits its potential of generating a complex and faithful shape. Enlightened by the success of StyleGAN, we regard the shape feature as style code that modulates the normalization layers during the folding, which considerably enhances its capability. Thirdly, we realize that existing point supervisions, e.g., Chamfer Distance or Earth Mover's Distance, cannot faithfully reflect the perceptual quality of the reconstructed points. To address this, we propose to project the completed points to depth maps with a differentiable renderer and apply adversarial training to advocate the perceptual realism under different viewpoints. Comprehensive experiments on ShapeNet and KITTI prove the effectiveness of our method, which achieves state-of-the-art quantitative performance while offering superior visual quality.      
### 8.On the role of depth predictions for 3D human pose estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02521.pdf)
>  Following the successful application of deep convolutional neural networks to 2d human pose estimation, the next logical problem to solve is 3d human pose estimation from monocular images. While previous solutions have shown some success, they do not fully utilize the depth information from the 2d inputs. With the goal of addressing this depth ambiguity, we build a system that takes 2d joint locations as input along with their estimated depth value and predicts their 3d positions in camera coordinates. Given the inherent noise and inaccuracy from estimating depth maps from monocular images, we perform an extensive statistical analysis showing that given this noise there is still a statistically significant correlation between the predicted depth values and the third coordinate of camera coordinates. We further explain how the state-of-the-art results we achieve on the H3.6M validation set are due to the additional input of depth. Notably, our results are produced on neural network that accepts a low dimensional input and be integrated into a real-time system. Furthermore, our system can be combined with an off-the-shelf 2d pose detector and a depth map predictor to perform 3d pose estimation in the wild.      
### 9.EllipsoidNet: Ellipsoid Representation for Point Cloud Classification and Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02517.pdf)
>  Point cloud patterns are hard to learn because of the implicit local geometry features among the orderless points. In recent years, point cloud representation in 2D space has attracted increasing research interest since it exposes the local geometry features in a 2D space. By projecting those points to a 2D feature map, the relationship between points is inherited in the context between pixels, which are further extracted by a 2D convolutional neural network. However, existing 2D representing methods are either accuracy limited or time-consuming. In this paper, we propose a novel 2D representation method that projects a point cloud onto an ellipsoid surface space, where local patterns are well exposed in ellipsoid-level and point-level. Additionally, a novel convolutional neural network named EllipsoidNet is proposed to utilize those features for point cloud classification and segmentation applications. The proposed methods are evaluated in ModelNet40 and ShapeNet benchmarks, where the advantages are clearly shown over existing 2D representation methods.      
### 10.Vanishing Twin GAN: How training a weak Generative Adversarial Network can improve semi-supervised image classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02496.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks can learn the mapping of random noise to realistic images in a semi-supervised framework. This mapping ability can be used for semi-supervised image classification to detect images of an unknown class where there is no training data to be used for supervised classification. However, if the unknown class shares similar characteristics to the known class(es), GANs can learn to generalize and generate images that look like both classes. This generalization ability can hinder the classification performance. In this work, we propose the Vanishing Twin GAN. By training a weak GAN and using its generated output image parallel to the regular GAN, the Vanishing Twin training improves semi-supervised image classification where image similarity can hurt classification tasks.      
### 11.Non-local Channel Aggregation Network for Single Image Rain Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02488.pdf)
>  Rain streaks showing in images or videos would severely degrade the performance of computer vision applications. Thus, it is of vital importance to remove rain streaks and facilitate our vision systems. While recent convolutinal neural network based methods have shown promising results in single image rain removal (SIRR), they fail to effectively capture long-range location dependencies or aggregate convolutional channel information simultaneously. However, as SIRR is a highly illposed problem, these spatial and channel information are very important clues to solve SIRR. First, spatial information could help our model to understand the image context by gathering long-range dependency location information hidden in the image. Second, aggregating channels could help our model to concentrate on channels more related to image background instead of rain streaks. In this paper, we propose a non-local channel aggregation network (NCANet) to address the SIRR problem. NCANet models 2D rainy images as sequences of vectors in three directions, namely vertical direction, transverse direction and channel direction. Recurrently aggregating information from all three directions enables our model to capture the long-range dependencies in both channels and spaitials locations. Extensive experiments on both heavy and light rain image data sets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed NCANet model.      
### 12.DeepFN: Towards Generalizable Facial Action Unit Recognition with Deep Face Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02484.pdf)
>  Facial action unit recognition has many applications from market research to psychotherapy and from image captioning to entertainment. Despite its recent progress, deployment of these models has been impeded due to their limited generalization to unseen people and demographics. This work conducts an in-depth analysis of performance across several dimensions: individuals(40 subjects), genders (male and female), skin types (darker and lighter), and databases (BP4D and DISFA). To help suppress the variance in data, we use the notion of self-supervised denoising autoencoders to design a method for deep face normalization(DeepFN) that transfers facial expressions of different people onto a common facial template which is then used to train and evaluate facial action recognition models. We show that person-independent models yield significantly lower performance (55% average F1 and accuracy across 40 subjects) than person-dependent models (60.3%), leading to a generalization gap of 5.3%. However, normalizing the data with the newly introduced DeepFN significantly increased the performance of person-independent models (59.6%), effectively reducing the gap. Similarly, we observed generalization gaps when considering gender (2.4%), skin type (5.3%), and dataset (9.4%), which were significantly reduced with the use of DeepFN. These findings represent an important step towards the creation of more generalizable facial action unit recognition systems.      
### 13.Sparsity Aware Normalization for GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02458.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) are known to benefit from regularization or normalization of their critic (discriminator) network during training. In this paper, we analyze the popular spectral normalization scheme, find a significant drawback and introduce sparsity aware normalization (SAN), a new alternative approach for stabilizing GAN training. As opposed to other normalization methods, our approach explicitly accounts for the sparse nature of the feature maps in convolutional networks with ReLU activations. We illustrate the effectiveness of our method through extensive experiments with a variety of network architectures. As we show, sparsity is particularly dominant in critics used for image-to-image translation settings. In these cases our approach improves upon existing methods, in less training epochs and with smaller capacity networks, while requiring practically no computational overhead.      
### 14.Multimodal Scale Consistency and Awareness for Monocular Self-Supervised Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02451.pdf)
>  Dense depth estimation is essential to scene-understanding for autonomous driving. However, recent self-supervised approaches on monocular videos suffer from scale-inconsistency across long sequences. Utilizing data from the ubiquitously copresent global positioning systems (GPS), we tackle this challenge by proposing a dynamically-weighted GPS-to-Scale (g2s) loss to complement the appearance-based losses. We emphasize that the GPS is needed only during the multimodal training, and not at inference. The relative distance between frames captured through the GPS provides a scale signal that is independent of the camera setup and scene distribution, resulting in richer learned feature representations. Through extensive evaluation on multiple datasets, we demonstrate scale-consistent and -aware depth estimation during inference, improving the performance even when training with low-frequency GPS data.      
### 15.OpenPifPaf: Composite Fields for Semantic Keypoint Detection and Spatio-Temporal Association  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02440.pdf)
>  Many image-based perception tasks can be formulated as detecting, associating and tracking semantic keypoints, e.g., human body pose estimation and tracking. In this work, we present a general framework that jointly detects and forms spatio-temporal keypoint associations in a single stage, making this the first real-time pose detection and tracking algorithm. We present a generic neural network architecture that uses Composite Fields to detect and construct a spatio-temporal pose which is a single, connected graph whose nodes are the semantic keypoints (e.g., a person's body joints) in multiple frames. For the temporal associations, we introduce the Temporal Composite Association Field (TCAF) which requires an extended network architecture and training method beyond previous Composite Fields. Our experiments show competitive accuracy while being an order of magnitude faster on multiple publicly available datasets such as COCO, CrowdPose and the PoseTrack 2017 and 2018 datasets. We also show that our method generalizes to any class of semantic keypoints such as car and animal parts to provide a holistic perception framework that is well suited for urban mobility such as self-driving cars and delivery robots.      
### 16.Dynamic Fusion Module Evolves Drivable Area and Road Anomaly Detection: A Benchmark and Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02433.pdf)
>  Joint detection of drivable areas and road anomalies is very important for mobile robots. Recently, many semantic segmentation approaches based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been proposed for pixel-wise drivable area and road anomaly detection. In addition, some benchmark datasets, such as KITTI and Cityscapes, have been widely used. However, the existing benchmarks are mostly designed for self-driving cars. There lacks a benchmark for ground mobile robots, such as robotic wheelchairs. Therefore, in this paper, we first build a drivable area and road anomaly detection benchmark for ground mobile robots, evaluating the existing state-of-the-art single-modal and data-fusion semantic segmentation CNNs using six modalities of visual features. Furthermore, we propose a novel module, referred to as the dynamic fusion module (DFM), which can be easily deployed in existing data-fusion networks to fuse different types of visual features effectively and efficiently. The experimental results show that the transformed disparity image is the most informative visual feature and the proposed DFM-RTFNet outperforms the state-of-the-arts. Additionally, our DFM-RTFNet achieves competitive performance on the KITTI road benchmark. Our benchmark is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/gmrb" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 17.Multi-attentional Deepfake Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02406.pdf)
>  Face forgery by deepfake is widely spread over the internet and has raised severe societal concerns. Recently, how to detect such forgery contents has become a hot research topic and many deepfake detection methods have been proposed. Most of them model deepfake detection as a vanilla binary classification problem, i.e, first use a backbone network to extract a global feature and then feed it into a binary classifier (real/fake). But since the difference between the real and fake images in this task is often subtle and local, we argue this vanilla solution is not optimal. In this paper, we instead formulate deepfake detection as a fine-grained classification problem and propose a new multi-attentional deepfake detection network. Specifically, it consists of three key components: 1) multiple spatial attention heads to make the network attend to different local parts; 2) textural feature enhancement block to zoom in the subtle artifacts in shallow features; 3) aggregate the low-level textural feature and high-level semantic features guided by the attention maps. Moreover, to address the learning difficulty of this network, we further introduce a new regional independence loss and an attention guided data augmentation strategy. Through extensive experiments on different datasets, we demonstrate the superiority of our method over the vanilla binary classifier counterparts, and achieve state-of-the-art performance.      
### 18.$S^3$: Learnable Sparse Signal Superdensity for Guided Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02396.pdf)
>  Dense Depth estimation plays a key role in multiple applications such as robotics, 3D reconstruction, and augmented reality. While sparse signal, e.g., LiDAR and Radar, has been leveraged as guidance for enhancing dense depth estimation, the improvement is limited due to its low density and imbalanced distribution. To maximize the utility from the sparse source, we propose $S^3$ technique, which expands the depth value from sparse cues while estimating the confidence of expanded region. The proposed $S^3$ can be applied to various guided depth estimation approaches and trained end-to-end at different stages, including input, cost volume and output. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness, robustness, and flexibility of the $S^3$ technique on LiDAR and Radar signal.      
### 19.Self-Distribution Binary Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02394.pdf)
>  In this work, we study the binary neural networks (BNNs) of which both the weights and activations are binary (i.e., 1-bit representation). Feature representation is critical for deep neural networks, while in BNNs, the features only differ in signs. Prior work introduces scaling factors into binary weights and activations to reduce the quantization error and effectively improves the classification accuracy of BNNs. However, the scaling factors not only increase the computational complexity of networks, but also make no sense to the signs of binary features. To this end, Self-Distribution Binary Neural Network (SD-BNN) is proposed. Firstly, we utilize Activation Self Distribution (ASD) to adaptively adjust the sign distribution of activations, thereby improve the sign differences of the outputs of the convolution. Secondly, we adjust the sign distribution of weights through Weight Self Distribution (WSD) and then fine-tune the sign distribution of the outputs of the convolution. Extensive experiments on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet datasets with various network structures show that the proposed SD-BNN consistently outperforms the state-of-the-art (SOTA) BNNs (e.g., achieves 92.5% on CIFAR-10 and 66.5% on ImageNet with ResNet-18) with less computation cost. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> pingxue-hfut/SD-BNN.      
### 20.Shape-driven Coordinate Ordering for Star Glyph Sets via Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02380.pdf)
>  We present a neural optimization model trained with reinforcement learning to solve the coordinate ordering problem for sets of star glyphs. Given a set of star glyphs associated to multiple class labels, we propose to use shape context descriptors to measure the perceptual distance between pairs of glyphs, and use the derived silhouette coefficient to measure the perception of class separability within the entire set. To find the optimal coordinate order for the given set, we train a neural network using reinforcement learning to reward orderings with high silhouette coefficients. The network consists of an encoder and a decoder with an attention mechanism. The encoder employs a recurrent neural network (RNN) to encode input shape and class information, while the decoder together with the attention mechanism employs another RNN to output a sequence with the new coordinate order. In addition, we introduce a neural network to efficiently estimate the similarity between shape context descriptors, which allows to speed up the computation of silhouette coefficients and thus the training of the axis ordering network. Two user studies demonstrate that the orders provided by our method are preferred by users for perceiving class separation. We tested our model on different settings to show its robustness and generalization abilities and demonstrate that it allows to order input sets with unseen data size, data dimension, or number of classes. We also demonstrate that our model can be adapted to coordinate ordering of other types of plots such as RadViz by replacing the proposed shape-aware silhouette coefficient with the corresponding quality metric to guide network training.      
### 21.Event-based Synthetic Aperture Imaging with a Hybrid Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02376.pdf)
>  Synthetic aperture imaging (SAI) is able to achieve the see through effect by blurring out the off-focus foreground occlusions and reconstructing the in-focus occluded targets from multi-view images. However, very dense occlusions and extreme lighting conditions may bring significant disturbances to SAI based on conventional frame-based cameras, leading to performance degeneration. To address these problems, we propose a novel SAI system based on the event camera which can produce asynchronous events with extremely low latency and high dynamic range. Thus, it can eliminate the interference of dense occlusions by measuring with almost continuous views, and simultaneously tackle the over/under exposure problems. To reconstruct the occluded targets, we propose a hybrid encoder-decoder network composed of spiking neural networks (SNNs) and convolutional neural networks (CNNs). In the hybrid network, the spatio-temporal information of the collected events is first encoded by SNN layers, and then transformed to the visual image of the occluded targets by a style-transfer CNN decoder. Through experiments, the proposed method shows remarkable performance in dealing with very dense occlusions and extreme lighting conditions, and high quality visual images can be reconstructed using pure event data.      
### 22.FSDR: Frequency Space Domain Randomization for Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02370.pdf)
>  Domain generalization aims to learn a generalizable model from a known source domain for various unknown target domains. It has been studied widely by domain randomization that transfers source images to different styles in spatial space for learning domain-agnostic features. However, most existing randomization uses GANs that often lack of controls and even alter semantic structures of images undesirably. Inspired by the idea of JPEG that converts spatial images into multiple frequency components (FCs), we propose Frequency Space Domain Randomization (FSDR) that randomizes images in frequency space by keeping domain-invariant FCs (DIFs) and randomizing domain-variant FCs (DVFs) only. FSDR has two unique features: 1) it decomposes images into DIFs and DVFs which allows explicit access and manipulation of them and more controllable randomization; 2) it has minimal effects on semantic structures of images and domain-invariant features. We examined domain variance and invariance property of FCs statistically and designed a network that can identify and fuse DIFs and DVFs dynamically through iterative learning. Extensive experiments over multiple domain generalizable segmentation tasks show that FSDR achieves superior segmentation and its performance is even on par with domain adaptation methods that access target data in training.      
### 23.General Instance Distillation for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02340.pdf)
>  In recent years, knowledge distillation has been proved to be an effective solution for model compression. This approach can make lightweight student models acquire the knowledge extracted from cumbersome teacher models. However, previous distillation methods of detection have weak generalization for different detection frameworks and rely heavily on ground truth (GT), ignoring the valuable relation information between instances. Thus, we propose a novel distillation method for detection tasks based on discriminative instances without considering the positive or negative distinguished by GT, which is called general instance distillation (GID). Our approach contains a general instance selection module (GISM) to make full use of feature-based, relation-based and response-based knowledge for distillation. Extensive results demonstrate that the student model achieves significant AP improvement and even outperforms the teacher in various detection frameworks. Specifically, RetinaNet with ResNet-50 achieves 39.1% in mAP with GID on COCO dataset, which surpasses the baseline 36.2% by 2.9%, and even better than the ResNet-101 based teacher model with 38.1% AP.      
### 24.Cooking Object's State Identification Without Using Pretrained Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02305.pdf)
>  Recently, Robotic Cooking has been a very promising field. To execute a recipe, a robot has to recognize different objects and their states. Contrary to object recognition, state identification has not been explored that much. But it is very important because different recipe might require different state of an object. Moreover, robotic grasping depends on the state. Pretrained model usually perform very well in this type of tests. Our challenge was to handle this problem without using any pretrained model. In this paper, we have proposed a CNN and trained it from scratch. The model is trained and tested on the dataset from cooking state recognition challenge. We have also evaluated the performance of our network from various perspective. Our model achieves 65.8% accuracy on the unseen test dataset.      
### 25.Domain and View-point Agnostic Hand Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02303.pdf)
>  Hand action recognition is a special case of human action recognition with applications in human robot interaction, virtual reality or life-logging systems. Building action classifiers that are useful to recognize such heterogeneous set of activities is very challenging. There are very subtle changes across different actions from a given application but also large variations across domains (e.g. virtual reality vs life-logging). This work introduces a novel skeleton-based hand motion representation model that tackles this problem. The framework we propose is agnostic to the application domain or camera recording view-point. We demonstrate the performance of our proposed motion representation model both working for a single specific domain (intra-domain action classification) and working for different unseen domains (cross-domain action classification). For the intra-domain case, our approach gets better or similar performance than current state-of-the-art methods on well-known hand action recognition benchmarks. And when performing cross-domain hand action recognition (i.e., training our motion representation model in frontal-view recordings and testing it both for egocentric and third-person views), our approach achieves comparable results to the state-of-the-art methods that are trained intra-domain.      
### 26.K-means Segmentation Based-on Lab Color Space for Embryo Egg Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02288.pdf)
>  The hatching process also influences the success of hatching eggs beside the initial egg factor. So that the results have a large percentage of hatching, it is necessary to check the development of the embryo at the beginning of the hatching. This process aims to sort eggs that have embryos to remain hatched until the end. Maximum checking is done the first week in the hatching period. This study aims to detect the presence of embryos in eggs. Detection of the existence of embryos is processed using segmentation. Egg images are segmented using the K-means algorithm based on Lab color images. The results of the images acquisition are converted into Lab color space images. The results of Lab color space images are processed using K-means for each color. The K-means process uses cluster k=3, where this cluster divided the image into three parts, namely background, eggs, and yolk eggs. Yolk eggs are part of eggs that have embryonic characteristics. This study applies the concept of color in the initial segmentation and grayscale in the final stages. The results of the initial phase show that the image segmentation results using k-means clustering based on Lab color space provide a grouping of three parts. At the grayscale image processing stage, the results of color image segmentation are processed with grayscaling, image enhancement, and morphology. Thus, it seems clear that the yolk segmented shows the presence of egg embryos. Based on this process and results, K-means segmentation based on Lab color space can be used for the initial stages of the embryo detection process. The evaluation uses MSE and MSSIM, with values of 0.0486 and 0.9979; this can be used as a reference that the results obtained can indicate the detection of embryos in egg yolk.      
### 27.Motion Classification and Height Estimation of Pedestrians Using Sparse Radar Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02278.pdf)
>  A complete overview of the surrounding vehicle environment is important for driver assistance systems and highly autonomous driving. Fusing results of multiple sensor types like camera, radar and lidar is crucial for increasing the robustness. The detection and classification of objects like cars, bicycles or pedestrians has been analyzed in the past for many sensor types. Beyond that, it is also helpful to refine these classes and distinguish for example between different pedestrian types or activities. This task is usually performed on camera data, though recent developments are based on radar spectrograms. However, for most automotive radar systems, it is only possible to obtain radar targets instead of the original spectrograms. This work demonstrates that it is possible to estimate the body height of walking pedestrians using 2D radar targets. Furthermore, different pedestrian motion types are classified.      
### 28.ID-Unet: Iterative Soft and Hard Deformation for View Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02264.pdf)
>  View synthesis is usually done by an autoencoder, in which the encoder maps a source view image into a latent content code, and the decoder transforms it into a target view image according to the condition. However, the source contents are often not well kept in this setting, which leads to unnecessary changes during the view translation. Although adding skipped connections, like Unet, alleviates the problem, but it often causes the failure on the view conformity. This paper proposes a new architecture by performing the source-to-target deformation in an iterative way. Instead of simply incorporating the features from multiple layers of the encoder, we design soft and hard deformation modules, which warp the encoder features to the target view at different resolutions, and give results to the decoder to complement the details. Particularly, the current warping flow is not only used to align the feature of the same resolution, but also as an approximation to coarsely deform the high resolution feature. Then the residual flow is estimated and applied in the high resolution, so that the deformation is built up in the coarse-to-fine fashion. To better constrain the model, we synthesize a rough target view image based on the intermediate flows and their warped features. The extensive ablation studies and the final results on two different data sets show the effectiveness of the proposed model.      
### 29.LiDAR-based Recurrent 3D Semantic Segmentation with Temporal Memory Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02263.pdf)
>  Understanding and interpreting a 3d environment is a key challenge for autonomous vehicles. Semantic segmentation of 3d point clouds combines 3d information with semantics and thereby provides a valuable contribution to this task. In many real-world applications, point clouds are generated by lidar sensors in a consecutive fashion. Working with a time series instead of single and independent frames enables the exploitation of temporal information. We therefore propose a recurrent segmentation architecture (RNN), which takes a single range image frame as input and exploits recursively aggregated temporal information. An alignment strategy, which we call Temporal Memory Alignment, uses ego motion to temporally align the memory between consecutive frames in feature space. A Residual Network and ConvGRU are investigated for the memory update. We demonstrate the benefits of the presented approach on two large-scale datasets and compare it to several stateof-the-art methods. Our approach ranks first on the SemanticKITTI multiple scan benchmark and achieves state-of-the-art performance on the single scan benchmark. In addition, the evaluation shows that the exploitation of temporal information significantly improves segmentation results compared to a single frame approach.      
### 30.Unsupervised Vehicle Re-Identification via Self-supervised Metric Learning using Feature Dictionary  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02250.pdf)
>  The key challenge of unsupervised vehicle re-identification (Re-ID) is learning discriminative features from unlabelled vehicle images. Numerous methods using domain adaptation have achieved outstanding performance, but those methods still need a labelled dataset as a source domain. This paper addresses an unsupervised vehicle Re-ID method, which no need any types of a labelled dataset, through a Self-supervised Metric Learning (SSML) based on a feature dictionary. Our method initially extracts features from vehicle images and stores them in a dictionary. Thereafter, based on the dictionary, the proposed method conducts dictionary-based positive label mining (DPLM) to search for positive labels. Pair-wise similarity, relative-rank consistency, and adjacent feature distribution similarity are jointly considered to find images that may belong to the same vehicle of a given probe image. The results of DPLM are applied to dictionary-based triplet loss (DTL) to improve the discriminativeness of learnt features and to refine the quality of the results of DPLM progressively. The iterative process with DPLM and DTL boosts the performance of unsupervised vehicle Re-ID. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method by producing promising vehicle Re-ID performance without a pre-labelled dataset. The source code for this paper is publicly available on `<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/andreYoo/VeRI_SSML_FD.git'" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.MotionRNN: A Flexible Model for Video Prediction with Spacetime-Varying Motions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02243.pdf)
>  This paper tackles video prediction from a new dimension of predicting spacetime-varying motions that are incessantly changing across both space and time. Prior methods mainly capture the temporal state transitions but overlook the complex spatiotemporal variations of the motion itself, making them difficult to adapt to ever-changing motions. We observe that physical world motions can be decomposed into transient variation and motion trend, while the latter can be regarded as the accumulation of previous motions. Thus, simultaneously capturing the transient variation and the motion trend is the key to make spacetime-varying motions more predictable. Based on these observations, we propose the MotionRNN framework, which can capture the complex variations within motions and adapt to spacetime-varying scenarios. MotionRNN has two main contributions. The first is that we design the MotionGRU unit, which can model the transient variation and motion trend in a unified way. The second is that we apply the MotionGRU to RNN-based predictive models and indicate a new flexible video prediction architecture with a Motion Highway that can significantly improve the ability to predict changeable motions and avoid motion vanishing for stacked multiple-layer predictive models. With high flexibility, this framework can adapt to a series of models for deterministic spatiotemporal prediction. Our MotionRNN can yield significant improvements on three challenging benchmarks for video prediction with spacetime-varying motions.      
### 32.FFB6D: A Full Flow Bidirectional Fusion Network for 6D Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02242.pdf)
>  In this work, we present FFB6D, a Full Flow Bidirectional fusion network designed for 6D pose estimation from a single RGBD image. Our key insight is that appearance information in the RGB image and geometry information from the depth image are two complementary data sources, and it still remains unknown how to fully leverage them. Towards this end, we propose FFB6D, which learns to combine appearance and geometry information for representation learning as well as output representation selection. Specifically, at the representation learning stage, we build bidirectional fusion modules in the full flow of the two networks, where fusion is applied to each encoding and decoding layer. In this way, the two networks can leverage local and global complementary information from the other one to obtain better representations. Moreover, at the output representation stage, we designed a simple but effective 3D keypoints selection algorithm considering the texture and geometry information of objects, which simplifies keypoint localization for precise pose estimation. Experimental results show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art by large margins on several benchmarks. Code and video are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ethnhe/FFB6D.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 33.Energy-Based Learning for Scene Graph Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02221.pdf)
>  Traditional scene graph generation methods are trained using cross-entropy losses that treat objects and relationships as independent entities. Such a formulation, however, ignores the structure in the output space, in an inherently structured prediction problem. In this work, we introduce a novel energy-based learning framework for generating scene graphs. The proposed formulation allows for efficiently incorporating the structure of scene graphs in the output space. This additional constraint in the learning framework acts as an inductive bias and allows models to learn efficiently from a small number of labels. We use the proposed energy-based framework to train existing state-of-the-art models and obtain a significant performance improvement, of up to 21% and 27%, on the Visual Genome and GQA benchmark datasets, respectively. Furthermore, we showcase the learning efficiency of the proposed framework by demonstrating superior performance in the zero- and few-shot settings where data is scarce.      
### 34.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation Network with Category-Centric Prototype Aligner for Biomedical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02220.pdf)
>  With the widespread success of deep learning in biomedical image segmentation, domain shift becomes a critical and challenging problem, as the gap between two domains can severely affect model performance when deployed to unseen data with heterogeneous features. To alleviate this problem, we present a novel unsupervised domain adaptation network, for generalizing models learned from the labeled source domain to the unlabeled target domain for cross-modality biomedical image segmentation. Specifically, our approach consists of two key modules, a conditional domain discriminator~(CDD) and a category-centric prototype aligner~(CCPA). The CDD, extended from conditional domain adversarial networks in classifier tasks, is effective and robust in handling complex cross-modality biomedical images. The CCPA, improved from the graph-induced prototype alignment mechanism in cross-domain object detection, can exploit precise instance-level features through an elaborate prototype representation. In addition, it can address the negative effect of class imbalance via entropy-based loss. Extensive experiments on a public benchmark for the cardiac substructure segmentation task demonstrate that our method significantly improves performance on the target domain.      
### 35.K-FACE: A Large-Scale KIST Face Database in Consideration with Unconstrained Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02211.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a new large-scale face database from KIST, denoted as K-FACE, and describe a novel capturing device specifically designed to obtain the data. The K-FACE database contains more than 1 million high-quality images of 1,000 subjects selected by considering the ratio of gender and age groups. It includes a variety of attributes, including 27 poses, 35 lighting conditions, three expressions, and occlusions by the combination of five types of accessories. As the K-FACE database is systematically constructed through a hemispherical capturing system with elaborate lighting control and multiple cameras, it is possible to accurately analyze the effects of factors that cause performance degradation, such as poses, lighting changes, and accessories. We consider not only the balance of external environmental factors, such as pose and lighting, but also the balance of personal characteristics such as gender and age group. The gender ratio is the same, while the age groups of subjects are uniformly distributed from the 20s to 50s for both genders. The K-FACE database can be extensively utilized in various vision tasks, such as face recognition, face frontalization, illumination normalization, face age estimation, and three-dimensional face model generation. We expect systematic diversity and uniformity of the K-FACE database to promote these research fields.      
### 36.EaZy Learning: An Adaptive Variant of Ensemble Learning for Fingerprint Liveness Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02207.pdf)
>  In the field of biometrics, fingerprint recognition systems are vulnerable to presentation attacks made by artificially generated spoof fingerprints. Therefore, it is essential to perform liveness detection of a fingerprint before authenticating it. Fingerprint liveness detection mechanisms perform well under the within-dataset environment but fail miserably under cross-sensor (when tested on a fingerprint acquired by a new sensor) and cross-dataset (when trained on one dataset and tested on another) settings. To enhance the generalization abilities, robustness and the interoperability of the fingerprint spoof detectors, the learning models need to be adaptive towards the data. We propose a generic model, EaZy learning which can be considered as an adaptive midway between eager and lazy learning. We show the usefulness of this adaptivity under cross-sensor and cross-dataset environments. EaZy learning examines the properties intrinsic to the dataset while generating a pool of hypotheses. EaZy learning is similar to ensemble learning as it generates an ensemble of base classifiers and integrates them to make a prediction. Still, it differs in the way it generates the base classifiers. EaZy learning develops an ensemble of entirely disjoint base classifiers which has a beneficial influence on the diversity of the underlying ensemble. Also, it integrates the predictions made by these base classifiers based on their performance on the validation data. Experiments conducted on the standard high dimensional datasets LivDet 2011, LivDet 2013 and LivDet 2015 prove the efficacy of the model under cross-dataset and cross-sensor environments.      
### 37.Bulk Production Augmentation Towards Explainable Melanoma Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02198.pdf)
>  Although highly accurate automated diagnostic techniques for melanoma have been reported, the realization of a system capable of providing diagnostic evidence based on medical indices remains an open issue because of difficulties in obtaining reliable training data. In this paper, we propose bulk production augmentation (BPA) to generate high-quality, diverse pseudo-skin tumor images with the desired structural malignant features for additional training images from a limited number of labeled images. The proposed BPA acts as an effective data augmentation in constructing the feature detector for the atypical pigment network (APN), which is a key structure in melanoma diagnosis. Experiments show that training with images generated by our BPA largely boosts the APN detection performance by 20.0 percentage points in the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve, which is 11.5 to 13.7 points higher than that of conventional CycleGAN-based augmentations in AUC.      
### 38.Adaptive Consistency Regularization for Semi-Supervised Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02193.pdf)
>  While recent studies on semi-supervised learning have shown remarkable progress in leveraging both labeled and unlabeled data, most of them presume a basic setting of the model is randomly initialized. In this work, we consider semi-supervised learning and transfer learning jointly, leading to a more practical and competitive paradigm that can utilize both powerful pre-trained models from source domain as well as labeled/unlabeled data in the target domain. To better exploit the value of both pre-trained weights and unlabeled target examples, we introduce adaptive consistency regularization that consists of two complementary components: Adaptive Knowledge Consistency (AKC) on the examples between the source and target model, and Adaptive Representation Consistency (ARC) on the target model between labeled and unlabeled examples. Examples involved in the consistency regularization are adaptively selected according to their potential contributions to the target task. We conduct extensive experiments on several popular benchmarks including CUB-200-2011, MIT Indoor-67, MURA, by fine-tuning the ImageNet pre-trained ResNet-50 model. Results show that our proposed adaptive consistency regularization outperforms state-of-the-art semi-supervised learning techniques such as Pseudo Label, Mean Teacher, and MixMatch. Moreover, our algorithm is orthogonal to existing methods and thus able to gain additional improvements on top of MixMatch and FixMatch. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SHI-Labs/Semi-Supervised-Transfer-Learning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 39.Task Aligned Generative Meta-learning for Zero-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02185.pdf)
>  Zero-shot learning (ZSL) refers to the problem of learning to classify instances from the novel classes (unseen) that are absent in the training set (seen). Most ZSL methods infer the correlation between visual features and attributes to train the classifier for unseen classes. However, such models may have a strong bias towards seen classes during training. Meta-learning has been introduced to mitigate the basis, but meta-ZSL methods are inapplicable when tasks used for training are sampled from diverse distributions. In this regard, we propose a novel Task-aligned Generative Meta-learning model for Zero-shot learning (TGMZ). TGMZ mitigates the potentially biased training and enables meta-ZSL to accommodate real-world datasets containing diverse distributions. TGMZ incorporates an attribute-conditioned task-wise distribution alignment network that projects tasks into a unified distribution to deliver an unbiased model. Our comparisons with state-of-the-art algorithms show the improvements of 2.1%, 3.0%, 2.5%, and 7.6% achieved by TGMZ on AWA1, AWA2, CUB, and aPY datasets, respectively. TGMZ also outperforms competitors by 3.6% in generalized zero-shot learning (GZSL) setting and 7.9% in our proposed fusion-ZSL setting.      
### 40.Touchless Palmprint Recognition based on 3D Gabor Template and Block Feature Refinement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02167.pdf)
>  With the growing demand for hand hygiene and convenience of use, palmprint recognition with touchless manner made a great development recently, providing an effective solution for person identification. Despite many efforts that have been devoted to this area, it is still uncertain about the discriminative ability of the contactless palmprint, especially for large-scale datasets. To tackle the problem, in this paper, we build a large-scale touchless palmprint dataset containing 2334 palms from 1167 individuals. To our best knowledge, it is the largest contactless palmprint image benchmark ever collected with regard to the number of individuals and palms. Besides, we propose a novel deep learning framework for touchless palmprint recognition named 3DCPN (3D Convolution Palmprint recognition Network) which leverages 3D convolution to dynamically integrate multiple Gabor features. In 3DCPN, a novel variant of Gabor filter is embedded into the first layer for enhancement of curve feature extraction. With a well-designed ensemble scheme,low-level 3D features are then convolved to extract high-level features. Finally on the top, we set a region-based loss function to strengthen the discriminative ability of both global and local descriptors. To demonstrate the superiority of our method, extensive experiments are conducted on our dataset and other popular databases TongJi and IITD, where the results show the proposed 3DCPN achieves state-of-the-art or comparable performances.      
### 41.Sensing population distribution from satellite imagery via deep learning: model selection, neighboring effect, and systematic biases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02155.pdf)
>  The rapid development of remote sensing techniques provides rich, large-coverage, and high-temporal information of the ground, which can be coupled with the emerging deep learning approaches that enable latent features and hidden geographical patterns to be extracted. This study marks the first attempt to cross-compare performances of popular state-of-the-art deep learning models in estimating population distribution from remote sensing images, investigate the contribution of neighboring effect, and explore the potential systematic population estimation biases. We conduct an end-to-end training of four popular deep learning architectures, i.e., VGG, ResNet, Xception, and DenseNet, by establishing a mapping between Sentinel-2 image patches and their corresponding population count from the LandScan population grid. The results reveal that DenseNet outperforms the other three models, while VGG has the worst performances in all evaluating metrics under all selected neighboring scenarios. As for the neighboring effect, contradicting existing studies, our results suggest that the increase of neighboring sizes leads to reduced population estimation performance, which is found universal for all four selected models in all evaluating metrics. In addition, there exists a notable, universal bias that all selected deep learning models tend to overestimate sparsely populated image patches and underestimate densely populated image patches, regardless of neighboring sizes. The methodological, experimental, and contextual knowledge this study provides is expected to benefit a wide range of future studies that estimate population distribution via remote sensing imagery.      
### 42.Group-wise Inhibition based Feature Regularization for Robust Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02152.pdf)
>  The vanilla convolutional neural network (CNN) is vulnerable to images with small variations (e.g. corrupted and adversarial samples). One of the possible reasons is that CNN pays more attention to the most discriminative regions, but ignores the auxiliary features, leading to the lack of feature diversity. In our method , we propose to dynamically suppress significant activation values of vanilla CNN by group-wise inhibition, but not fix or randomly handle them when training. Then, the feature maps with different activation distribution are processed separately due to the independence of features. Vanilla CNN is finally guided to learn more rich discriminative features hierarchically for robust classification according to proposed regularization. The proposed method is able to achieve a significant gain of robustness over 15% comparing with the state-of-the-art. We also show that the proposed regularization method complements other defense paradigms, such as adversarial training, to further improve the robustness.      
### 43.PML: Progressive Margin Loss for Long-tailed Age Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02140.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a progressive margin loss (PML) approach for unconstrained facial age classification. Conventional methods make strong assumption on that each class owns adequate instances to outline its data distribution, likely leading to bias prediction where the training samples are sparse across age classes. Instead, our PML aims to adaptively refine the age label pattern by enforcing a couple of margins, which fully takes in the in-between discrepancy of the intra-class variance, inter-class variance and class center. Our PML typically incorporates with the ordinal margin and the variational margin, simultaneously plugging in the globally-tuned deep neural network paradigm. More specifically, the ordinal margin learns to exploit the correlated relationship of the real-world age labels. Accordingly, the variational margin is leveraged to minimize the influence of head classes that misleads the prediction of tailed samples. Moreover, our optimization carefully seeks a series of indicator curricula to achieve robust and efficient model training. Extensive experimental results on three face aging datasets demonstrate that our PML achieves compelling performance compared to state of the arts. Code will be made publicly.      
### 44.Augmentation Strategies for Learning with Noisy Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02130.pdf)
>  Imperfect labels are ubiquitous in real-world datasets. Several recent successful methods for training deep neural networks (DNNs) robust to label noise have used two primary techniques: filtering samples based on loss during a warm-up phase to curate an initial set of cleanly labeled samples, and using the output of a network as a pseudo-label for subsequent loss calculations. In this paper, we evaluate different augmentation strategies for algorithms tackling the "learning with noisy labels" problem. We propose and examine multiple augmentation strategies and evaluate them using synthetic datasets based on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100, as well as on the real-world dataset Clothing1M. Due to several commonalities in these algorithms, we find that using one set of augmentations for loss modeling tasks and another set for learning is the most effective, improving results on the state-of-the-art and other previous methods. Furthermore, we find that applying augmentation during the warm-up period can negatively impact the loss convergence behavior of correctly versus incorrectly labeled samples. We introduce this augmentation strategy to the state-of-the-art technique and demonstrate that we can improve performance across all evaluated noise levels. In particular, we improve accuracy on the CIFAR-10 benchmark at 90% symmetric noise by more than 15% in absolute accuracy and we also improve performance on the real-world dataset Clothing1M. <br>(* equal contribution)      
### 45.Deblurring Processor for Motion-Blurred Faces Based on Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02121.pdf)
>  Low-quality face image restoration is a popular research direction in today's computer vision field. It can be used as a pre-work for tasks such as face detection and face recognition. At present, there is a lot of work to solve the problem of low-quality faces under various environmental conditions. This paper mainly focuses on the restoration of motion-blurred faces. In increasingly abundant mobile scenes, the fast recovery of motion-blurred faces can bring highly effective speed improvements in tasks such as face matching. In order to achieve this goal, a deblurring method for motion-blurred facial image signals based on generative adversarial networks(GANs) is proposed. It uses an end-to-end method to train a sharp image generator, i.e., a processor for motion-blurred facial images. This paper introduce the processing progress of motion-blurred images, the development and changes of GANs and some basic concepts. After that, it give the details of network structure and training optimization design of the image processor. Then we conducted a motion blur image generation experiment on some general facial data set, and used the pairs of blurred and sharp face image data to perform the training and testing experiments of the processor GAN, and gave some visual displays. Finally, MTCNN is used to detect the faces of the image generated by the deblurring processor, and compare it with the result of the blurred image. From the results, the processing effect of the deblurring processor on the motion-blurred picture has a significant improvement both in terms of intuition and evaluation indicators of face detection.      
### 46.Robust Place Recognition using an Imaging Lidar  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02111.pdf)
>  We propose a methodology for robust, real-time place recognition using an imaging lidar, which yields image-quality high-resolution 3D point clouds. Utilizing the intensity readings of an imaging lidar, we project the point cloud and obtain an intensity image. ORB feature descriptors are extracted from the image and encoded into a bag-of-words vector. The vector, used to identify the point cloud, is inserted into a database that is maintained by DBoW for fast place recognition queries. The returned candidate is further validated by matching visual feature descriptors. To reject matching outliers, we apply PnP, which minimizes the reprojection error of visual features' positions in Euclidean space with their correspondences in 2D image space, using RANSAC. Combining the advantages from both camera and lidar-based place recognition approaches, our method is truly rotation-invariant and can tackle reverse revisiting and upside-down revisiting. The proposed method is evaluated on datasets gathered from a variety of platforms over different scales and environments. Our implementation is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/imaging-lidar-place-recognition" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 47.An Alternative Practice of Tropical Convolution to Traditional Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02096.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been used in many machine learning fields. In practical applications, the computational cost of convolutional neural networks is often high with the deepening of the network and the growth of data volume, mostly due to a large amount of multiplication operations of floating-point numbers in convolution operations. To reduce the amount of multiplications, we propose a new type of CNNs called Tropical Convolutional Neural Networks (TCNNs) which are built on tropical convolutions in which the multiplications and additions in conventional convolutional layers are replaced by additions and min/max operations respectively. In addition, since tropical convolution operators are essentially nonlinear operators, we expect TCNNs to have higher nonlinear fitting ability than conventional CNNs. In the experiments, we test and analyze several different architectures of TCNNs for image classification tasks in comparison with similar-sized conventional CNNs. The results show that TCNN can achieve higher expressive power than ordinary convolutional layers on the MNIST and CIFAR10 image data set. In different noise environments, there are wins and losses in the robustness of TCNN and ordinary CNNs.      
### 48.Pseudo-labeling for Scalable 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02093.pdf)
>  To safely deploy autonomous vehicles, onboard perception systems must work reliably at high accuracy across a diverse set of environments and geographies. One of the most common techniques to improve the efficacy of such systems in new domains involves collecting large labeled datasets, but such datasets can be extremely costly to obtain, especially if each new deployment geography requires additional data with expensive 3D bounding box annotations. We demonstrate that pseudo-labeling for 3D object detection is an effective way to exploit less expensive and more widely available unlabeled data, and can lead to performance gains across various architectures, data augmentation strategies, and sizes of the labeled dataset. Overall, we show that better teacher models lead to better student models, and that we can distill expensive teachers into efficient, simple students. <br>Specifically, we demonstrate that pseudo-label-trained student models can outperform supervised models trained on 3-10 times the amount of labeled examples. Using PointPillars [24], a two-year-old architecture, as our student model, we are able to achieve state of the art accuracy simply by leveraging large quantities of pseudo-labeled data. Lastly, we show that these student models generalize better than supervised models to a new domain in which we only have unlabeled data, making pseudo-label training an effective form of unsupervised domain adaptation.      
### 49.Uncertainty guided semi-supervised segmentation of retinal layers in OCT images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02083.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks have shown outstanding performance in medical image segmentation tasks. The usual problem when training supervised deep learning methods is the lack of labeled data which is time-consuming and costly to obtain. In this paper, we propose a novel uncertainty-guided semi-supervised learning based on a student-teacher approach for training the segmentation network using limited labeled samples and a large number of unlabeled images. First, a teacher segmentation model is trained from the labeled samples using Bayesian deep learning. The trained model is used to generate soft segmentation labels and uncertainty maps for the unlabeled set. The student model is then updated using the softly segmented samples and the corresponding pixel-wise confidence of the segmentation quality estimated from the uncertainty of the teacher model using a newly designed loss function. Experimental results on a retinal layer segmentation task show that the proposed method improves the segmentation performance in comparison to the fully supervised approach and is on par with the expert annotator. The proposed semi-supervised segmentation framework is a key contribution and applicable for biomedical image segmentation across various imaging modalities where access to annotated medical images is challenging      
### 50.Sequential Place Learning: Heuristic-Free High-Performance Long-Term Place Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02074.pdf)
>  Sequential matching using hand-crafted heuristics has been standard practice in route-based place recognition for enhancing pairwise similarity results for nearly a decade. However, precision-recall performance of these algorithms dramatically degrades when searching on short temporal window (TW) lengths, while demanding high compute and storage costs on large robotic datasets for autonomous navigation research. Here, influenced by biological systems that robustly navigate spacetime scales even without vision, we develop a joint visual and positional representation learning technique, via a sequential process, and design a learning-based CNN+LSTM architecture, trainable via backpropagation through time, for viewpoint- and appearance-invariant place recognition. Our approach, Sequential Place Learning (SPL), is based on a CNN function that visually encodes an environment from a single traversal, thus reducing storage capacity, while an LSTM temporally fuses each visual embedding with corresponding positional data -- obtained from any source of motion estimation -- for direct sequential inference. Contrary to classical two-stage pipelines, e.g., match-then-temporally-filter, our network directly eliminates false-positive rates while jointly learning sequence matching from a single monocular image sequence, even using short TWs. Hence, we demonstrate that our model outperforms 15 classical methods while setting new state-of-the-art performance standards on 4 challenging benchmark datasets, where one of them can be considered solved with recall rates of 100% at 100% precision, correctly matching all places under extreme sunlight-darkness changes. In addition, we show that SPL can be up to 70x faster to deploy than classical methods on a 729 km route comprising 35,768 consecutive frames. Extensive experiments demonstrate the... Baseline code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mchancan/deepseqslam" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 51.EnD: Entangling and Disentangling deep representations for bias correction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02023.pdf)
>  Artificial neural networks perform state-of-the-art in an ever-growing number of tasks, and nowadays they are used to solve an incredibly large variety of tasks. There are problems, like the presence of biases in the training data, which question the generalization capability of these models. In this work we propose EnD, a regularization strategy whose aim is to prevent deep models from learning unwanted biases. In particular, we insert an "information bottleneck" at a certain point of the deep neural network, where we disentangle the information about the bias, still letting the useful information for the training task forward-propagating in the rest of the model. One big advantage of EnD is that we do not require additional training complexity (like decoders or extra layers in the model), since it is a regularizer directly applied on the trained model. Our experiments show that EnD effectively improves the generalization on unbiased test sets, and it can be effectively applied on real-case scenarios, like removing hidden biases in the COVID-19 detection from radiographic images.      
### 52.DeepFake-o-meter: An Open Platform for DeepFake Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02018.pdf)
>  In recent years, the advent of deep learning-based techniques and the significant reduction in the cost of computation resulted in the feasibility of creating realistic videos of human faces, commonly known as DeepFakes. The availability of open-source tools to create DeepFakes poses as a threat to the trustworthiness of the online media. In this work, we develop an open-source online platform, known as DeepFake-o-meter, that integrates state-of-the-art DeepFake detection methods and provide a convenient interface for the users. We describe the design and function of DeepFake-o-meter in this work.      
### 53.PECNet: A Deep Multi-Label Segmentation Network for Eosinophilic Esophagitis Biopsy Diagnostics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02015.pdf)
>  Background. Eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) is an allergic inflammatory condition of the esophagus associated with elevated numbers of eosinophils. Disease diagnosis and monitoring requires determining the concentration of eosinophils in esophageal biopsies, a time-consuming, tedious and somewhat subjective task currently performed by pathologists. Methods. Herein, we aimed to use machine learning to identify, quantitate and diagnose EoE. We labeled more than 100M pixels of 4345 images obtained by scanning whole slides of H&amp;E-stained sections of esophageal biopsies derived from 23 EoE patients. We used this dataset to train a multi-label segmentation deep network. To validate the network, we examined a replication cohort of 1089 whole slide images from 419 patients derived from multiple institutions. Findings. PECNet segmented both intact and not-intact eosinophils with a mean intersection over union (mIoU) of 0.93. This segmentation was able to quantitate intact eosinophils with a mean absolute error of 0.611 eosinophils and classify EoE disease activity with an accuracy of 98.5%. Using whole slide images from the validation cohort, PECNet achieved an accuracy of 94.8%, sensitivity of 94.3%, and specificity of 95.14% in reporting EoE disease activity. Interpretation. We have developed a deep learning multi-label semantic segmentation network that successfully addresses two of the main challenges in EoE diagnostics and digital pathology, the need to detect several types of small features simultaneously and the ability to analyze whole slides efficiently. Our results pave the way for an automated diagnosis of EoE and can be utilized for other conditions with similar challenges.      
### 54.Material Measurement Units: Foundations Through a Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.01997.pdf)
>  Long-term availability of minerals and industrial materials is a necessary condition for sustainable development as they are the constituents of any manufacturing product. In particular, technologies with increasing demand such as GPUs and photovoltaic panels are made of critical raw materials. To enhance the efficiency of material management, in this paper we make three main contributions: first, we identify in the literature an emerging computer-vision-enabled material monitoring technology which we call Material Measurement Unit (MMU); second, we provide a survey of works relevant to the development of MMUs; third, we describe a material stock monitoring sensor network deploying multiple MMUs.      
### 55.Sequence-Based Filtering for Visual Route-Based Navigation: Analysing the Benefits, Trade-offs and Design Choices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.01994.pdf)
>  Visual Place Recognition (VPR) is the ability to correctly recall a previously visited place using visual information under environmental, viewpoint and appearance changes. An emerging trend in VPR is the use of sequence-based filtering methods on top of single-frame-based place matching techniques for route-based navigation. The combination leads to varying levels of potential place matching performance boosts at increased computational costs. This raises a number of interesting research questions: How does performance boost (due to sequential filtering) vary along the entire spectrum of single-frame-based matching methods? How does sequence matching length affect the performance curve? Which specific combinations provide a good trade-off between performance and computation? However, there is lack of previous work looking at these important questions and most of the sequence-based filtering work to date has been used without a systematic approach. To bridge this research gap, this paper conducts an in-depth investigation of the relationship between the performance of single-frame-based place matching techniques and the use of sequence-based filtering on top of those methods. It analyzes individual trade-offs, properties and limitations for different combinations of single-frame-based and sequential techniques. A number of state-of-the-art VPR methods and widely used public datasets are utilized to present the findings that contain a number of meaningful insights for the VPR community.      
### 56.Self-supervised Pretraining of Visual Features in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.01988.pdf)
>  Recently, self-supervised learning methods like MoCo, SimCLR, BYOL and SwAV have reduced the gap with supervised methods. These results have been achieved in a control environment, that is the highly curated ImageNet dataset. However, the premise of self-supervised learning is that it can learn from any random image and from any unbounded dataset. In this work, we explore if self-supervision lives to its expectation by training large models on random, uncurated images with no supervision. Our final SElf-supERvised (SEER) model, a RegNetY with 1.3B parameters trained on 1B random images with 512 GPUs achieves 84.2% top-1 accuracy, surpassing the best self-supervised pretrained model by 1% and confirming that self-supervised learning works in a real world setting. Interestingly, we also observe that self-supervised models are good few-shot learners achieving 77.9% top-1 with access to only 10% of ImageNet. Code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/facebookresearch/vissl" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 57.CloudAAE: Learning 6D Object Pose Regression with On-line Data Synthesis on Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.01977.pdf)
>  It is often desired to train 6D pose estimation systems on synthetic data because manual annotation is expensive. However, due to the large domain gap between the synthetic and real images, synthesizing color images is expensive. In contrast, this domain gap is considerably smaller and easier to fill for depth information. In this work, we present a system that regresses 6D object pose from depth information represented by point clouds, and a lightweight data synthesis pipeline that creates synthetic point cloud segments for training. We use an augmented autoencoder (AAE) for learning a latent code that encodes 6D object pose information for pose regression. The data synthesis pipeline only requires texture-less 3D object models and desired viewpoints, and it is cheap in terms of both time and hardware storage. Our data synthesis process is up to three orders of magnitude faster than commonly applied approaches that render RGB image data. We show the effectiveness of our system on the LineMOD, LineMOD Occlusion, and YCB Video datasets. The implementation of our system is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/GeeeG/CloudAAE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 58.Domain Generalization: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02503.pdf)
>  Generalization to out-of-distribution (OOD) data is a capability natural to humans yet challenging for machines to reproduce. This is because most statistical learning algorithms strongly rely on the i.i.d.~assumption while in practice the target data often come from a different distribution than the source data, known as domain shift. Domain generalization (DG) aims to achieve OOD generalization by only using source domain data for model learning. Since first introduced in 2011, research in DG has undergone a decade progress. Ten years of research in this topic have led to a broad spectrum of methodologies, e.g., based on domain alignment, meta-learning, data augmentation, or ensemble learning, just to name a few; and have covered various applications such as object recognition, segmentation, action recognition, and person re-identification. In this paper, for the first time, a comprehensive literature review is provided to summarize the ten-year development in DG. First, we cover the background by giving the problem definitions and discussing how DG is related to other fields like domain adaptation and transfer learning. Second, we conduct a thorough review into existing methods and present a taxonomy based on their methodologies and motivations. Finally, we conclude this survey with potential research directions.      
### 59.Arthroscopic Multi-Spectral Scene Segmentation Using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02465.pdf)
>  Knee arthroscopy is a minimally invasive surgical (MIS) procedure which is performed to treat knee-joint ailment. Lack of visual information of the surgical site obtained from miniaturized cameras make this surgical procedure more complex. Knee cavity is a very confined space; therefore, surgical scenes are captured at close proximity. Insignificant context of knee atlas often makes them unrecognizable as a consequence unintentional tissue damage often occurred and shows a long learning curve to train new surgeons. Automatic context awareness through labeling of the surgical site can be an alternative to mitigate these drawbacks. However, from the previous studies, it is confirmed that the surgical site exhibits several limitations, among others, lack of discriminative contextual information such as texture and features which drastically limits this vision task. Additionally, poor imaging conditions and lack of accurate ground-truth labels are also limiting the accuracy. To mitigate these limitations of knee arthroscopy, in this work we proposed a scene segmentation method that successfully segments multi structures.      
### 60.Land Cover Mapping in Limited Labels Scenario: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02429.pdf)
>  Land cover mapping is essential for monitoring global environmental change and managing natural resources. Unfortunately, traditional classification models are plagued by limited training data available in existing land cover products and data heterogeneity over space and time. In this survey, we provide a structured and comprehensive overview of challenges in land cover mapping and machine learning methods used to address these problems. We also discuss the gaps and opportunities that exist for advancing research in this promising direction.      
### 61.Real-World Single Image Super-Resolution: A Brief Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02368.pdf)
>  Single image super-resolution (SISR), which aims to reconstruct a high-resolution (HR) image from a low-resolution (LR) observation, has been an active research topic in the area of image processing in recent decades. Particularly, deep learning-based super-resolution (SR) approaches have drawn much attention and have greatly improved the reconstruction performance on synthetic data. Recent studies show that simulation results on synthetic data usually overestimate the capacity to super-resolve real-world images. In this context, more and more researchers devote themselves to develop SR approaches for realistic images. This article aims to make a comprehensive review on real-world single image super-resolution (RSISR). More specifically, this review covers the critical publically available datasets and assessment metrics for RSISR, and four major categories of RSISR methods, namely the degradation modeling-based RSISR, image pairs-based RSISR, domain translation-based RSISR, and self-learning-based RSISR. Comparisons are also made among representative RSISR methods on benchmark datasets, in terms of both reconstruction quality and computational efficiency. Besides, we discuss challenges and promising research topics on RSISR.      
### 62.On the effectiveness of adversarial training against common corruptions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02325.pdf)
>  The literature on robustness towards common corruptions shows no consensus on whether adversarial training can improve the performance in this setting. First, we show that, when used with an appropriately selected perturbation radius, $\ell_p$ adversarial training can serve as a strong baseline against common corruptions. Then we explain why adversarial training performs better than data augmentation with simple Gaussian noise which has been observed to be a meaningful baseline on common corruptions. Related to this, we identify the $\sigma$-overfitting phenomenon when Gaussian augmentation overfits to a particular standard deviation used for training which has a significant detrimental effect on common corruption accuracy. We discuss how to alleviate this problem and then how to further enhance $\ell_p$ adversarial training by introducing an efficient relaxation of adversarial training with learned perceptual image patch similarity as the distance metric. Through experiments on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet-100, we show that our approach does not only improve the $\ell_p$ adversarial training baseline but also has cumulative gains with data augmentation methods such as AugMix, ANT, and SIN leading to state-of-the-art performance on common corruptions. The code of our experiments is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tml-epfl/adv-training-corruptions" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 63.Eye-gaze Estimation with HEOG and Neck EMG using Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02186.pdf)
>  Hearing-impaired listeners usually have troubles attending target talker in multi-talker scenes, even with hearing aids (HAs). The problem can be solved with eye-gaze steering HAs, which requires listeners eye-gazing on the target. In a situation where head rotates, eye-gaze is subject to both behaviors of saccade and head rotation. However, existing methods of eye-gaze estimation did not work reliably, since the listener's strategy of eye-gaze varies and measurements of the two behaviors were not properly combined. Besides, existing methods were based on hand-craft features, which could overlook some important information. In this paper, a head-fixed and a head-free experiments were conducted. We used horizontal electrooculography (HEOG) and neck electromyography (NEMG), which separately measured saccade and head rotation to commonly estimate eye-gaze. Besides traditional classifier and hand-craft features, deep neural networks (DNN) were introduced to automatically extract features from intact waveforms. Evaluation results showed that when the input was HEOG with inertial measurement unit, the best performance of our proposed DNN classifiers achieved 93.3%; and when HEOG was with NEMG together, the accuracy reached 72.6%, higher than that with HEOG (about 71.0%) or NEMG (about 35.7%) alone. These results indicated the feasibility to estimate eye-gaze with HEOG and NEMG.      
### 64.RGB Matters: Learning 7-DoF Grasp Poses on Monocular RGBD Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02184.pdf)
>  General object grasping is an important yet unsolved problem in the field of robotics. Most of the current methods either generate grasp poses with few DoF that fail to cover most of the success grasps, or only take the unstable depth image or point cloud as input which may lead to poor results in some cases. In this paper, we propose RGBD-Grasp, a pipeline that solves this problem by decoupling 7-DoF grasp detection into two sub-tasks where RGB and depth information are processed separately. In the first stage, an encoder-decoder like convolutional neural network Angle-View Net(AVN) is proposed to predict the SO(3) orientation of the gripper at every location of the image. Consequently, a Fast Analytic Searching(FAS) module calculates the opening width and the distance of the gripper to the grasp point. By decoupling the grasp detection problem and introducing the stable RGB modality, our pipeline alleviates the requirement for the high-quality depth image and is robust to depth sensor noise. We achieve state-of-the-art results on GraspNet-1Billion dataset compared with several baselines. Real robot experiments on a UR5 robot with an Intel Realsense camera and a Robotiq two-finger gripper show high success rates for both single object scenes and cluttered scenes. Our code and trained model will be made publicly available.      
### 65.Multi-institutional Collaborations for Improving Deep Learning-based Magnetic Resonance Image Reconstruction Using Federated Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02148.pdf)
>  Fast and accurate reconstruction of magnetic resonance (MR) images from under-sampled data is important in many clinical applications. In recent years, deep learning-based methods have been shown to produce superior performance on MR image reconstruction. However, these methods require large amounts of data which is difficult to collect and share due to the high cost of acquisition and medical data privacy regulations. In order to overcome this challenge, we propose a federated learning (FL) based solution in which we take advantage of the MR data available at different institutions while preserving patients' privacy. However, the generalizability of models trained with the FL setting can still be suboptimal due to domain shift, which results from the data collected at multiple institutions with different sensors, disease types, and acquisition protocols, etc. With the motivation of circumventing this challenge, we propose a cross-site modeling for MR image reconstruction in which the learned intermediate latent features among different source sites are aligned with the distribution of the latent features at the target site. Extensive experiments are conducted to provide various insights about FL for MR image reconstruction. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed framework is a promising direction to utilize multi-institutional data without compromising patients' privacy for achieving improved MR image reconstruction. Our code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/guopengf/FLMRCM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 66.DP-InstaHide: Provably Defusing Poisoning and Backdoor Attacks with Differentially Private Data Augmentations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.02079.pdf)
>  Data poisoning and backdoor attacks manipulate training data to induce security breaches in a victim model. These attacks can be provably deflected using differentially private (DP) training methods, although this comes with a sharp decrease in model performance. The InstaHide method has recently been proposed as an alternative to DP training that leverages supposed privacy properties of the mixup augmentation, although without rigorous guarantees. In this work, we show that strong data augmentations, such as mixup and random additive noise, nullify poison attacks while enduring only a small accuracy trade-off. To explain these finding, we propose a training method, DP-InstaHide, which combines the mixup regularizer with additive noise. A rigorous analysis of DP-InstaHide shows that mixup does indeed have privacy advantages, and that training with k-way mixup provably yields at least k times stronger DP guarantees than a naive DP mechanism. Because mixup (as opposed to noise) is beneficial to model performance, DP-InstaHide provides a mechanism for achieving stronger empirical performance against poisoning attacks than other known DP methods.      
