# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 18 Mar 2021
### 1.Temporal Cluster Matching for Change Detection of Structures from Satellite Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09787.pdf)
>  We propose a general model, Temporal Cluster Matching (TCM), for detecting building changes in time series of remotely sensed imagery when footprint labels are only available for a single point in time. The intuition behind the model is that the relationship between spectral values inside and outside of building's footprint will change when a building is constructed (or demolished). For instance, in rural settings, the pre-construction area may look similar to the surrounding environment until the building is constructed. Similarly, in urban settings, the pre-construction areas will look different from the surrounding environment until construction. We further propose a heuristic method for selecting the parameters of our model which allows it to be applied in novel settings without requiring data labeling efforts (to fit the parameters). We apply our model over a dataset of poultry barns from 2016/2017 high-resolution aerial imagery in the Delmarva Peninsula and a dataset of solar farms from a 2020 mosaic of Sentinel 2 imagery in India. Our results show that our model performs as well when fit using the proposed heuristic as it does when fit with labeled data, and further, that supervised versions of our model perform the best among all the baselines we test against. Finally, we show that our proposed approach can act as an effective data augmentation strategy -- it enables researchers to augment existing structure footprint labels along the time dimension and thus use imagery from multiple points in time to train deep learning models. We show that this improves the spatial generalization of such models when evaluated on the same change detection task.      
### 2.ALADIN: All Layer Adaptive Instance Normalization for Fine-grained Style Similarity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09776.pdf)
>  We present ALADIN (All Layer AdaIN); a novel architecture for searching images based on the similarity of their artistic style. Representation learning is critical to visual search, where distance in the learned search embedding reflects image similarity. Learning an embedding that discriminates fine-grained variations in style is hard, due to the difficulty of defining and labelling style. ALADIN takes a weakly supervised approach to learning a representation for fine-grained style similarity of digital artworks, leveraging BAM-FG, a novel large-scale dataset of user generated content groupings gathered from the web. ALADIN sets a new state of the art accuracy for style-based visual search over both coarse labelled style data (BAM) and BAM-FG; a new 2.62 million image dataset of 310,000 fine-grained style groupings also contributed by this work.      
### 3.HAMIL: Hierarchical Aggregation-Based Multi-Instance Learning for Microscopy Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09764.pdf)
>  Multi-instance learning is common for computer vision tasks, especially in biomedical image processing. Traditional methods for multi-instance learning focus on designing feature aggregation methods and multi-instance classifiers, where the aggregation operation is performed either in feature extraction or learning phase. As deep neural networks (DNNs) achieve great success in image processing via automatic feature learning, certain feature aggregation mechanisms need to be incorporated into common DNN architecture for multi-instance learning. Moreover, flexibility and reliability are crucial considerations to deal with varying quality and number of instances. <br>In this study, we propose a hierarchical aggregation network for multi-instance learning, called HAMIL. The hierarchical aggregation protocol enables feature fusion in a defined order, and the simple convolutional aggregation units lead to an efficient and flexible architecture. We assess the model performance on two microscopy image classification tasks, namely protein subcellular localization using immunofluorescence images and gene annotation using spatial gene expression images. The experimental results show that HAMIL outperforms the state-of-the-art feature aggregation methods and the existing models for addressing these two tasks. The visualization analyses also demonstrate the ability of HAMIL to focus on high-quality instances.      
### 4.Aggregated Multi-GANs for Controlled 3D Human Motion Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09755.pdf)
>  Human motion prediction from historical pose sequence is at the core of many applications in machine intelligence. However, in current state-of-the-art methods, the predicted future motion is confined within the same activity. One can neither generate predictions that differ from the current activity, nor manipulate the body parts to explore various future possibilities. Undoubtedly, this greatly limits the usefulness and applicability of motion prediction. In this paper, we propose a generalization of the human motion prediction task in which control parameters can be readily incorporated to adjust the forecasted motion. Our method is compelling in that it enables manipulable motion prediction across activity types and allows customization of the human movement in a variety of fine-grained ways. To this aim, a simple yet effective composite GAN structure, consisting of local GANs for different body parts and aggregated via a global GAN is presented. The local GANs game in lower dimensions, while the global GAN adjusts in high dimensional space to avoid mode collapse. Extensive experiments show that our method outperforms state-of-the-art. The codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/herolvkd/AM-GAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.Few-Shot Visual Grounding for Natural Human-Robot Interaction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09720.pdf)
>  Natural Human-Robot Interaction (HRI) is one of the key components for service robots to be able to work in human-centric environments. In such dynamic environments, the robot needs to understand the intention of the user to accomplish a task successfully. Towards addressing this point, we propose a software architecture that segments a target object from a crowded scene, indicated verbally by a human user. At the core of our system, we employ a multi-modal deep neural network for visual grounding. Unlike most grounding methods that tackle the challenge using pre-trained object detectors via a two-stepped process, we develop a single stage zero-shot model that is able to provide predictions in unseen data. We evaluate the performance of the proposed model on real RGB-D data collected from public scene datasets. Experimental results showed that the proposed model performs well in terms of accuracy and speed, while showcasing robustness to variation in the natural language input.      
### 6.Quantitative Effectiveness Assessment and Role Categorization of Individual Units in Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09716.pdf)
>  Identifying the roles of individual units is critical for understanding the mechanism of convolutional neural networks (CNNs). However, it is challenging to give the fully automatic and quantitative measures for effectiveness assessment of individual units in CNN. To this end, we propose a novel method for quantitatively clarifying the status and usefulness of single unit of CNN in image classification tasks. The technical substance of our method is ranking the importance of unit for each class in classification based on calculation of specifically defined entropy using algebraic topological tools. It could be implemented totally by machine without any human intervention. Some interesting phenomena including certain kind of phase transition are observed via the evolution of accuracy and loss of network in the successive ablation process of units. All of the network units are divided into four categories according to their performance on training and testing data. The role categorization is excellent startpoint for network construction and simplification. The diverse utility and contribution to the network generalization of units in classification tasks are thoroughly illustrated by extensive experiments on network (VGG) and dataset (ImageNet) with considerable scale. It is easy for our method to have extensional applications on other network models and tasks without essential difficulties.      
### 7.Interpretable Distance Metric Learning for Handwritten Chinese Character Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09714.pdf)
>  Handwriting recognition is of crucial importance to both Human Computer Interaction (HCI) and paperwork digitization. In the general field of Optical Character Recognition (OCR), handwritten Chinese character recognition faces tremendous challenges due to the enormously large character sets and the amazing diversity of writing styles. Learning an appropriate distance metric to measure the difference between data inputs is the foundation of accurate handwritten character recognition. Existing distance metric learning approaches either produce unacceptable error rates, or provide little interpretability in the results. In this paper, we propose an interpretable distance metric learning approach for handwritten Chinese character recognition. The learned metric is a linear combination of intelligible base metrics, and thus provides meaningful insights to ordinary users. Our experimental results on a benchmark dataset demonstrate the superior efficiency, accuracy and interpretability of our proposed approach.      
### 8.Trans-SVNet: Accurate Phase Recognition from Surgical Videos via Hybrid Embedding Aggregation Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09712.pdf)
>  Real-time surgical phase recognition is a fundamental task in modern operating rooms. Previous works tackle this task relying on architectures arranged in spatio-temporal order, however, the supportive benefits of intermediate spatial features are not considered. In this paper, we introduce, for the first time in surgical workflow analysis, Transformer to reconsider the ignored complementary effects of spatial and temporal features for accurate surgical phase recognition. Our hybrid embedding aggregation Transformer fuses cleverly designed spatial and temporal embeddings by allowing for active queries based on spatial information from temporal embedding sequences. More importantly, our framework is lightweight and processes the hybrid embeddings in parallel to achieve a high inference speed. Our method is thoroughly validated on two large surgical video datasets, i.e., Cholec80 and M2CAI16 Challenge datasets, and significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches at a processing speed of 91 fps.      
### 9.ShipSRDet: An End-to-End Remote Sensing Ship Detector Using Super-Resolved Feature Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09699.pdf)
>  High-resolution remote sensing images can provide abundant appearance information for ship detection. Although several existing methods use image super-resolution (SR) approaches to improve the detection performance, they consider image SR and ship detection as two separate processes and overlook the internal coherence between these two correlated tasks. In this paper, we explore the potential benefits introduced by image SR to ship detection, and propose an end-to-end network named ShipSRDet. In our method, we not only feed the super-resolved images to the detector but also integrate the intermediate features of the SR network with those of the detection network. In this way, the informative feature representation extracted by the SR network can be fully used for ship detection. Experimental results on the HRSC dataset validate the effectiveness of our method. Our ShipSRDet can recover the missing details from the input image and achieves promising ship detection performance.      
### 10.Single Underwater Image Restoration by Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09697.pdf)
>  Underwater image restoration attracts significant attention due to its importance in unveiling the underwater world. This paper elaborates on a novel method that achieves state-of-the-art results for underwater image restoration based on the unsupervised image-to-image translation framework. We design our method by leveraging from contrastive learning and generative adversarial networks to maximize mutual information between raw and restored images. Additionally, we release a large-scale real underwater image dataset to support both paired and unpaired training modules. Extensive experiments with comparisons to recent approaches further demonstrate the superiority of our proposed method.      
### 11.Fourier Transform of Percoll Gradients Boosts CNN Classification of Hereditary Hemolytic Anemias  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09671.pdf)
>  Hereditary hemolytic anemias are genetic disorders that affect the shape and density of red blood cells. Genetic tests currently used to diagnose such anemias are expensive and unavailable in the majority of clinical labs. Here, we propose a method for identifying hereditary hemolytic anemias based on a standard biochemistry method, called Percoll gradient, obtained by centrifuging a patient's blood. Our hybrid approach consists on using spatial data-driven features, extracted with a convolutional neural network and spectral handcrafted features obtained from fast Fourier transform. We compare late and early feature fusion with AlexNet and VGG16 architectures. AlexNet with late fusion of spectral features performs better compared to other approaches. We achieved an average F1-score of 88% on different classes suggesting the possibility of diagnosing of hereditary hemolytic anemias from Percoll gradients. Finally, we utilize Grad-CAM to explore the spatial features used for classification.      
### 12.Large-Scale Zero-Shot Image Classification from Rich and Diverse Textual Descriptions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09669.pdf)
>  We study the impact of using rich and diverse textual descriptions of classes for zero-shot learning (ZSL) on ImageNet. We create a new dataset ImageNet-Wiki that matches each ImageNet class to its corresponding Wikipedia article. We show that merely employing these Wikipedia articles as class descriptions yields much higher ZSL performance than prior works. Even a simple model using this type of auxiliary data outperforms state-of-the-art models that rely on standard features of word embedding encodings of class names. These results highlight the usefulness and importance of textual descriptions for ZSL, as well as the relative importance of auxiliary data type compared to algorithmic progress. Our experimental results also show that standard zero-shot learning approaches generalize poorly across categories of classes.      
### 13.An Efficient Method for the Classification of Croplands in Scarce-Label Regions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09588.pdf)
>  Two of the main challenges for cropland classification by satellite time-series images are insufficient ground-truth data and inaccessibility of high-quality hyperspectral images for under-developed areas. Unlabeled medium-resolution satellite images are abundant, but how to benefit from them is an open question. We will show how to leverage their potential for cropland classification using self-supervised tasks. Self-supervision is an approach where we provide simple training signals for the samples, which are apparent from the data's structure. Hence, they are cheap to acquire and explain a simple concept about the data. We introduce three self-supervised tasks for cropland classification. They reduce epistemic uncertainty, and the resulting model shows superior accuracy in a wide range of settings compared to SVM and Random Forest. Subsequently, we use the self-supervised tasks to perform unsupervised domain adaptation and benefit from the labeled samples in other regions. It is crucial to know what information to transfer to avoid degrading the performance. We show how to automate the information selection and transfer process in cropland classification even when the source and target areas have a very different feature distribution. We improved the model by about 24% compared to a baseline architecture without any labeled sample in the target domain. Our method is amenable to gradual improvement, works with medium-resolution satellite images, and does not require complicated models. Code and data are available.      
### 14.The Invertible U-Net for Optical-Flow-free Video Interframe Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09576.pdf)
>  Video frame interpolation is the task of creating an interface between two adjacent frames along the time axis. So, instead of simply averaging two adjacent frames to create an intermediate image, this operation should maintain semantic continuity with the adjacent frames. Most conventional methods use optical flow, and various tools such as occlusion handling and object smoothing are indispensable. Since the use of these various tools leads to complex problems, we tried to tackle the video interframe generation problem without using problematic optical flow. To enable this, we have tried to use a deep neural network with an invertible structure and developed an invertible U-Net which is a modified normalizing flow. In addition, we propose a learning method with a new consistency loss in the latent space to maintain semantic temporal consistency between frames. The resolution of the generated image is guaranteed to be identical to that of the original images by using an invertible network. Furthermore, as it is not a random image like the ones by generative models, our network guarantees stable outputs without flicker. Through experiments, we confirmed the feasibility of the proposed algorithm and would like to suggest invertible U-Net as a new possibility for baseline in video frame interpolation. This paper is meaningful in that it is the worlds first attempt to use invertible networks instead of optical flows for video interpolation.      
### 15.Hierarchical Random Walker Segmentation for Large Volumetric Biomedical Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09564.pdf)
>  The random walker method for image segmentation is a popular tool for semi-automatic image segmentation, especially in the biomedical field. However, its linear asymptotic run time and memory requirements make application to 3D datasets of increasing sizes impractical. We propose a hierarchical framework that, to the best of our knowledge, is the first attempt to overcome these restrictions for the random walker algorithm and achieves sublinear run time and constant memory complexity. The method is evaluated on synthetic data and real data from current biomedical research, where high segmentation quality is quantitatively confirmed and visually observed, respectively. The incremental (i.e., interaction update) run time is demonstrated to be in seconds on a standard PC even for volumes of hundreds of Gigabytes in size. An implementation of the presented method is publicly available in version 5.2 of the widely used volume rendering and processing software Voreen (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.uni-muenster.de/Voreen/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>).      
### 16.Multi-channel Deep Supervision for Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09553.pdf)
>  Crowd counting is a task worth exploring in modern society because of its wide applications such as public safety and video monitoring. Many CNN-based approaches have been proposed to improve the accuracy of estimation, but there are some inherent issues affect the performance, such as overfitting and details lost caused by pooling layers. To tackle these problems, in this paper, we propose an effective network called MDSNet, which introduces a novel supervision framework called Multi-channel Deep Supervision (MDS). The MDS conducts channel-wise supervision on the decoder of the estimation model to help generate the density maps. To obtain the accurate supervision information of different channels, the MDSNet employs an auxiliary network called SupervisionNet (SN) to generate abundant supervision maps based on existing groundtruth. Besides the traditional density map supervision, we also use the SN to convert the dot annotations into continuous supervision information and conduct dot supervision in the MDSNet. Extensive experiments on several mainstream benchmarks show that the proposed MDSNet achieves competitive results and the MDS significantly improves the performance without changing the network structure.      
### 17.Meta-learning of Pooling Layers for Character Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09528.pdf)
>  In convolutional neural network-based character recognition, pooling layers play an important role in dimensionality reduction and deformation compensation. However, their kernel shapes and pooling operations are empirically predetermined; typically, a fixed-size square kernel shape and max pooling operation are used. In this paper, we propose a meta-learning framework for pooling layers. As part of our framework, a parameterized pooling layer is proposed in which the kernel shape and pooling operation are trainable using two parameters, thereby allowing flexible pooling of the input data. We also propose a meta-learning algorithm for the parameterized pooling layer, which allows us to acquire a suitable pooling layer across multiple tasks. In the experiment, we applied the proposed meta-learning framework to character recognition tasks. The results demonstrate that a pooling layer that is suitable across character recognition tasks was obtained via meta-learning, and the obtained pooling layer improved the performance of the model in both few-shot character recognition and noisy image recognition tasks.      
### 18.CNN Model &amp; Tuning for Global Road Damage Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09512.pdf)
>  This paper provides a report on our solution including model selection, tuning strategy and results obtained for Global Road Damage Detection Challenge. This Big Data Cup Challenge was held as a part of IEEE International Conference on Big Data 2020. We assess single and multi-stage network architectures for object detection and provide a benchmark using popular state-of-the-art open-source PyTorch frameworks like Detectron2 and Yolov5. Data preparation for provided Road Damage training dataset, captured using smartphone camera from Czech, India and Japan is discussed. We studied the effect of training on a per country basis with respect to a single generalizable model. We briefly describe the tuning strategy for the experiments conducted on two-stage Faster R-CNN with Deep Residual Network (Resnet) and Feature Pyramid Network (FPN) backbone. Additionally, we compare this to a one-stage Yolov5 model with Cross Stage Partial Network (CSPNet) backbone. We show a mean F1 score of 0.542 on Test2 and 0.536 on Test1 datasets using a multi-stage Faster R-CNN model, with Resnet-50 and Resnet-101 backbones respectively. This shows the generalizability of the Resnet-50 model when compared to its more complex counterparts. Experiments were conducted using Google Colab having K80 and a Linux PC with 1080Ti, NVIDIA consumer grade GPU. A PyTorch based Detectron2 code to preprocess, train, test and submit the Avg F1 score to is made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/vishwakarmarhl/rdd2020" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 19.Revisiting the Loss Weight Adjustment in Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09488.pdf)
>  By definition, object detection requires a multi-task loss in order to solve classification and regression tasks simultaneously. However, loss weight tends to be set manually in actuality. Therefore, a very practical problem that has not been studied so far arises: how to quickly find the loss weight that fits the current loss functions. In addition, when we choose different regression loss functions, whether the loss weight need to be adjusted and if so, how should it be adjusted still is a problem demanding prompt solution. In this paper, through experiments and theoretical analysis of prediction box shifting, we firstly find out three important conclusions about optimal loss weight allocation strategy, including (1) the classification loss curve decays faster than regression loss curve; (2) loss weight is less than 1; (3) the gap between classification and regression loss weight should not be too large. Then, based on the above conclusions, we propose an Adaptive Loss Weight Adjustment(ALWA) to solve the above two problems by dynamically adjusting the loss weight in the training process, according to statistical characteristics of loss values. By incorporating ALWA into both one-stage and two-stage object detectors, we show a consistent improvement on their performance using L1, SmoothL1 and CIoU loss, performance measures on popular object detection benchmarks including PASCAL VOC and MS COCO. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ywx-hub/ALWA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 20.Disentangled Cycle Consistency for Highly-realistic Virtual Try-On  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09479.pdf)
>  Image virtual try-on replaces the clothes on a person image with a desired in-shop clothes image. It is challenging because the person and the in-shop clothes are unpaired. Existing methods formulate virtual try-on as either in-painting or cycle consistency. Both of these two formulations encourage the generation networks to reconstruct the input image in a self-supervised manner. However, existing methods do not differentiate clothing and non-clothing regions. A straight-forward generation impedes virtual try-on quality because of the heavily coupled image contents. In this paper, we propose a Disentangled Cycle-consistency Try-On Network (DCTON). The DCTON is able to produce highly-realistic try-on images by disentangling important components of virtual try-on including clothes warping, skin synthesis, and image composition. To this end, DCTON can be naturally trained in a self-supervised manner following cycle consistency learning. Extensive experiments on challenging benchmarks show that DCTON outperforms state-of-the-art approaches favorably.      
### 21.Virtual Dress Swap Using Landmark Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09475.pdf)
>  Online shopping has gained popularity recently. This paper addresses one crucial problem of buying dress online, which has not been solved yet. This research tries to implement the idea of clothes swapping with the help of DeepFashion dataset where 6,223 images with eight landmarks each used. Deep Convolutional Neural Network has been built for Landmark detection.      
### 22.You Only Look One-level Feature  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09460.pdf)
>  This paper revisits feature pyramids networks (FPN) for one-stage detectors and points out that the success of FPN is due to its divide-and-conquer solution to the optimization problem in object detection rather than multi-scale feature fusion. From the perspective of optimization, we introduce an alternative way to address the problem instead of adopting the complex feature pyramids - {\em utilizing only one-level feature for detection}. Based on the simple and efficient solution, we present You Only Look One-level Feature (YOLOF). In our method, two key components, Dilated Encoder and Uniform Matching, are proposed and bring considerable improvements. Extensive experiments on the COCO benchmark prove the effectiveness of the proposed model. Our YOLOF achieves comparable results with its feature pyramids counterpart RetinaNet while being $2.5\times$ faster. Without transformer layers, YOLOF can match the performance of DETR in a single-level feature manner with $7\times$ less training epochs. With an image size of $608\times608$, YOLOF achieves 44.3 mAP running at 60 fps on 2080Ti, which is $13\%$ faster than YOLOv4. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/megvii-model/YOLOF" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 23.Learning Discriminative Prototypes with Dynamic Time Warping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09458.pdf)
>  Dynamic Time Warping (DTW) is widely used for temporal data processing. However, existing methods can neither learn the discriminative prototypes of different classes nor exploit such prototypes for further analysis. We propose Discriminative Prototype DTW (DP-DTW), a novel method to learn class-specific discriminative prototypes for temporal recognition tasks. DP-DTW shows superior performance compared to conventional DTWs on time series classification benchmarks. Combined with end-to-end deep learning, DP-DTW can handle challenging weakly supervised action segmentation problems and achieves state of the art results on standard benchmarks. Moreover, detailed reasoning on the input video is enabled by the learned action prototypes. Specifically, an action-based video summarization can be obtained by aligning the input sequence with action prototypes.      
### 24.Prediction-assistant Frame Super-Resolution for Video Streaming  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09455.pdf)
>  Video frame transmission delay is critical in real-time applications such as online video gaming, live show, etc. The receiving deadline of a new frame must catch up with the frame rendering time. Otherwise, the system will buffer a while, and the user will encounter a frozen screen, resulting in unsatisfactory user experiences. An effective approach is to transmit frames in lower-quality under poor bandwidth conditions, such as using scalable video coding. In this paper, we propose to enhance video quality using lossy frames in two situations. First, when current frames are too late to receive before rendering deadline (i.e., lost), we propose to use previously received high-resolution images to predict the future frames. Second, when the quality of the currently received frames is low~(i.e., lossy), we propose to use previously received high-resolution frames to enhance the low-quality current ones. For the first case, we propose a small yet effective video frame prediction network. For the second case, we improve the video prediction network to a video enhancement network to associate current frames as well as previous frames to restore high-quality images. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that our method performs favorably against state-of-the-art algorithms in the lossy video streaming environment.      
### 25.Adversarial Attacks on Camera-LiDAR Models for 3D Car Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09448.pdf)
>  Most autonomous vehicles (AVs) rely on LiDAR and RGB camera sensors for perception. Using these point cloud and image data, perception models based on deep neural nets (DNNs) have achieved state-of-the-art performance in 3D detection. The vulnerability of DNNs to adversarial attacks have been heavily investigated in the RGB image domain and more recently in the point cloud domain, but rarely in both domains simultaneously. Multi-modal perception systems used in AVs can be divided into two broad types: cascaded models which use each modality independently, and fusion models which learn from different modalities simultaneously. We propose a universal and physically realizable adversarial attack for each type, and study and contrast their respective vulnerabilities to attacks. We place a single adversarial object with specific shape and texture on top of a car with the objective of making this car evade detection. Evaluating on the popular KITTI benchmark, our adversarial object made the host vehicle escape detection by each model type nearly 50% of the time. The dense RGB input contributed more to the success of the adversarial attacks on both cascaded and fusion models. We found that the fusion model was relatively more robust to adversarial attacks than the cascaded model.      
### 26.Improved Deep Classwise Hashing With Centers Similarity Learning for Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09442.pdf)
>  Deep supervised hashing for image retrieval has attracted researchers' attention due to its high efficiency and superior retrieval performance. Most existing deep supervised hashing works, which are based on pairwise/triplet labels, suffer from the expensive computational cost and insufficient utilization of the semantics information. Recently, deep classwise hashing introduced a classwise loss supervised by class labels information alternatively; however, we find it still has its drawback. In this paper, we propose an improved deep classwise hashing, which enables hashing learning and class centers learning simultaneously. Specifically, we design a two-step strategy on center similarity learning. It interacts with the classwise loss to attract the class center to concentrate on the intra-class samples while pushing other class centers as far as possible. The centers similarity learning contributes to generating more compact and discriminative hashing codes. We conduct experiments on three benchmark datasets. It shows that the proposed method effectively surpasses the original method and outperforms state-of-the-art baselines under various commonly-used evaluation metrics for image retrieval.      
### 27.Pose-GNN : Camera Pose Estimation System Using Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09435.pdf)
>  We propose a novel image based localization system using graph neural networks (GNN). The pretrained ResNet50 convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture is used to extract the important features for each image. Following, the extracted features are input to GNN to find the pose of each image by either using the image features as a node in a graph and formulate the pose estimation problem as node pose regression or modelling the image features themselves as a graph and the problem becomes graph pose regression. We do an extensive comparison between the proposed two approaches and the state of the art single image localization methods and show that using GNN leads to enhanced performance for both indoor and outdoor environments.      
### 28.YOLOStereo3D: A Step Back to 2D for Efficient Stereo 3D Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09422.pdf)
>  Object detection in 3D with stereo cameras is an important problem in computer vision, and is particularly crucial in low-cost autonomous mobile robots without LiDARs. <br>Nowadays, most of the best-performing frameworks for stereo 3D object detection are based on dense depth reconstruction from disparity estimation, making them extremely computationally expensive. <br>To enable real-world deployments of vision detection with binocular images, we take a step back to gain insights from 2D image-based detection frameworks and enhance them with stereo features. <br>We incorporate knowledge and the inference structure from real-time one-stage 2D/3D object detector and introduce a light-weight stereo matching module. <br>Our proposed framework, YOLOStereo3D, is trained on one single GPU and runs at more than ten fps. It demonstrates performance comparable to state-of-the-art stereo 3D detection frameworks without usage of LiDAR data. The code will be published in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Owen-Liuyuxuan/visualDet3D" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.WheatNet: A Lightweight Convolutional Neural Network for High-throughput Image-based Wheat Head Detection and Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09408.pdf)
>  For a globally recognized planting breeding organization, manually-recorded field observation data is crucial for plant breeding decision making. However, certain phenotypic traits such as plant color, height, kernel counts, etc. can only be collected during a specific time-window of a crop's growth cycle. Due to labor-intensive requirements, only a small subset of possible field observations are recorded each season. To help mitigate this data collection bottleneck in wheat breeding, we propose a novel deep learning framework to accurately and efficiently count wheat heads to aid in the gathering of real-time data for decision making. We call our model WheatNet and show that our approach is robust and accurate for a wide range of environmental conditions of the wheat field. WheatNet uses a truncated MobileNetV2 as a lightweight backbone feature extractor which merges feature maps with different scales to counter image scale variations. Then, extracted multi-scale features go to two parallel sub-networks for simultaneous density-based counting and localization tasks. Our proposed method achieves an MAE and RMSE of 3.85 and 5.19 in our wheat head counting task, respectively, while having significantly fewer parameters when compared to other state-of-the-art methods. Our experiments and comparisons with other state-of-the-art methods demonstrate the superiority and effectiveness of our proposed method.      
### 30.Triplet-Watershed for Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09384.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral images (HSI) consist of rich spatial and spectral information, which can potentially be used for several applications. However, noise, band correlations and high dimensionality restrict the applicability of such data. This is recently addressed using creative deep learning network architectures such as ResNet, SSRN, and A2S2K. However, the last layer, i.e the classification layer, remains unchanged and is taken to be the softmax classifier. In this article, we propose to use a watershed classifier. Watershed classifier extends the watershed operator from Mathematical Morphology for classification. In its vanilla form, the watershed classifier does not have any trainable parameters. In this article, we propose a novel approach to train deep learning networks to obtain representations suitable for the watershed classifier. The watershed classifier exploits the connectivity patterns, a characteristic of HSI datasets, for better inference. We show that exploiting such characteristics allows the Triplet-Watershed to achieve state-of-art results. These results are validated on Indianpines (IP), University of Pavia (UP), and Kennedy Space Center (KSC) datasets, relying on simple convnet architecture using a quarter of parameters compared to previous state-of-the-art networks.      
### 31.SPICE: Semantic Pseudo-labeling for Image Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09382.pdf)
>  This paper presents SPICE, a Semantic Pseudo-labeling framework for Image ClustEring. Instead of using indirect loss functions required by the recently proposed methods, SPICE generates pseudo-labels via self-learning and directly uses the pseudo-label-based classification loss to train a deep clustering network. The basic idea of SPICE is to synergize the discrepancy among semantic clusters, the similarity among instance samples, and the semantic consistency of local samples in an embedding space to optimize the clustering network in a semantically-driven paradigm. Specifically, a semantic-similarity-based pseudo-labeling algorithm is first proposed to train a clustering network through unsupervised representation learning. Given the initial clustering results, a local semantic consistency principle is used to select a set of reliably labeled samples, and a semi-pseudo-labeling algorithm is adapted for performance boosting. Extensive experiments demonstrate that SPICE clearly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on six common benchmark datasets including STL10, Cifar10, Cifar100-20, ImageNet-10, ImageNet-Dog, and Tiny-ImageNet. On average, our SPICE method improves the current best results by about 10% in terms of adjusted rand index, normalized mutual information, and clustering accuracy.      
### 32.Semi-Supervised Learning for Eye Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09369.pdf)
>  Recent advances in appearance-based models have shown improved eye tracking performance in difficult scenarios like occlusion due to eyelashes, eyelids or camera placement, and environmental reflections on the cornea and glasses. The key reason for the improvement is the accurate and robust identification of eye parts (pupil, iris, and sclera regions). The improved accuracy often comes at the cost of labeling an enormous dataset, which is complex and time-consuming. This work presents two semi-supervised learning frameworks to identify eye-parts by taking advantage of unlabeled images where labeled datasets are scarce. With these frameworks, leveraging the domain-specific augmentation and novel spatially varying transformations for image segmentation, we show improved performance on various test cases. For instance, for a model trained on just 48 labeled images, these frameworks achieved an improvement of 0.38% and 0.65% in segmentation performance over the baseline model, which is trained only with the labeled dataset.      
### 33.Digital Peter: Dataset, Competition and Handwriting Recognition Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09354.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new dataset of Peter the Great's manuscripts and describes a segmentation procedure that converts initial images of documents into the lines. The new dataset may be useful for researchers to train handwriting text recognition models as a benchmark for comparing different models. It consists of 9 694 images and text files corresponding to lines in historical documents. The open machine learning competition Digital Peter was held based on the considered dataset. The baseline solution for this competition as well as more advanced methods on handwritten text recognition are described in the article. Full dataset and all code are publicly available.      
### 34.A comparative study of deep learning methods for building footprints detection using high spatial resolution aerial images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09300.pdf)
>  Building footprints data is of importance in several urban applications and natural disaster management. In contrast to traditional surveying and mapping, using high spatial resolution aerial images, deep learning-based building footprints extraction methods can extract building footprints accurately and efficiently. With rapidly development of deep learning methods, it is hard for novice to harness the powerful tools in building footprints extraction. The paper aims at providing the whole process of building footprints extraction from high spatial resolution images using deep learning-based methods. In addition, we also compare the commonly used methods, including Fully Convolutional Networks (FCN)-8s, U-Net and DeepLabv3+. At the end of the work, we change the data size used in models training to explore the influence of data size to the performance of the algorithms. The experiments show that, in different data size, DeepLabv3+ is the best algorithm among them with the highest accuracy and moderate efficiency; FCN-8s has the worst accuracy and highest efficiency; U-Net shows the moderate accuracy and lowest efficiency. In addition, with more training data, algorithms converged faster with higher accuracy in extraction results.      
### 35.Co-Generation and Segmentation for Generalized Surgical Instrument Segmentation on Unlabelled Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09276.pdf)
>  Surgical instrument segmentation for robot-assisted surgery is needed for accurate instrument tracking and augmented reality overlays. Therefore, the topic has been the subject of a number of recent papers in the CAI community. Deep learning-based methods have shown state-of-the-art performance for surgical instrument segmentation, but their results depend on labelled data. However, labelled surgical data is of limited availability and is a bottleneck in surgical translation of these methods. In this paper, we demonstrate the limited generalizability of these methods on different datasets, including human robot-assisted surgeries. We then propose a novel joint generation and segmentation strategy to learn a segmentation model with better generalization capability to domains that have no labelled data. The method leverages the availability of labelled data in a different domain. The generator does the domain translation from the labelled domain to the unlabelled domain and simultaneously, the segmentation model learns using the generated data while regularizing the generative model. We compared our method with state-of-the-art methods and showed its generalizability on publicly available datasets and on our own recorded video frames from robot-assisted prostatectomies. Our method shows consistently high mean Dice scores on both labelled and unlabelled domains when data is available only for one of the domains. <br>*M. Kalia and T. Aleef contributed equally to the manuscript      
### 36.Bio-inspired Robustness: A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09265.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) have revolutionized computer vision and are often advocated as good models of the human visual system. However, there are currently many shortcomings of DCNNs, which preclude them as a model of human vision. For example, in the case of adversarial attacks, where adding small amounts of noise to an image, including an object, can lead to strong misclassification of that object. But for humans, the noise is often invisible. If vulnerability to adversarial noise cannot be fixed, DCNNs cannot be taken as serious models of human vision. Many studies have tried to add features of the human visual system to DCNNs to make them robust against adversarial attacks. However, it is not fully clear whether human vision inspired components increase robustness because performance evaluations of these novel components in DCNNs are often inconclusive. We propose a set of criteria for proper evaluation and analyze different models according to these criteria. We finally sketch future efforts to make DCCNs one step closer to the model of human vision.      
### 37.Towards Fair Affective Robotics: Continual Learning for Mitigating Bias in Facial Expression and Action Unit Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09233.pdf)
>  As affective robots become integral in human life, these agents must be able to fairly evaluate human affective expressions without discriminating against specific demographic groups. Identifying bias in Machine Learning (ML) systems as a critical problem, different approaches have been proposed to mitigate such biases in the models both at data and algorithmic levels. In this work, we propose Continual Learning (CL) as an effective strategy to enhance fairness in Facial Expression Recognition (FER) systems, guarding against biases arising from imbalances in data distributions. We compare different state-of-the-art bias mitigation approaches with CL-based strategies for fairness on expression recognition and Action Unit (AU) detection tasks using popular benchmarks for each; RAF-DB and BP4D. Our experiments show that CL-based methods, on average, outperform popular bias mitigation techniques, strengthening the need for further investigation into CL for the development of fairer FER algorithms.      
### 38.Gradient Projection Memory for Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09762.pdf)
>  The ability to learn continually without forgetting the past tasks is a desired attribute for artificial learning systems. Existing approaches to enable such learning in artificial neural networks usually rely on network growth, importance based weight update or replay of old data from the memory. In contrast, we propose a novel approach where a neural network learns new tasks by taking gradient steps in the orthogonal direction to the gradient subspaces deemed important for the past tasks. We find the bases of these subspaces by analyzing network representations (activations) after learning each task with Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) in a single shot manner and store them in the memory as Gradient Projection Memory (GPM). With qualitative and quantitative analyses, we show that such orthogonal gradient descent induces minimum to no interference with the past tasks, thereby mitigates forgetting. We evaluate our algorithm on diverse image classification datasets with short and long sequences of tasks and report better or on-par performance compared to the state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 39.On the Whitney extension problem for near isometries and beyond  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09748.pdf)
>  This paper is an exposition of work of the author et al. detailing fascinating connections between several mathematical problems which lie on the intersection of several mathematics subjects, namely algebraic-differential geometry, analysis on manifolds, complex-harmonic analysis, data science, partial differential equations, optimization and probability. <br>A significant portion of the work is based on joint research with Charles Fefferman in the papers [39, 40, 41, 42]. <br>The topics of this work include (a) The space of maps of bounded mean oscillation (BMO) in $\mathbb R^D,\, D\geq 2$. (b) The labeled and unlabeled near alignment and Procrustes problem for point sets with certain geometries and for not too thin compact sets both in $\mathbb R^D,\, D\geq 2$. (c) The Whitney near isometry extension problem for point sets with certain geometries and for not too thin compact sets both in $\mathbb R^D,\, D\geq 2$. (d) Partitions and clustering of compact sets and point sets with certain geometries in $\mathbb R^D,\, D\geq 2$ and analysis on certain manifolds in $\mathbb R^D,\, D\geq 2$. Many open problems for future research are given.      
### 40.Training GANs with Stronger Augmentations via Contrastive Discriminator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09742.pdf)
>  Recent works in Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) are actively revisiting various data augmentation techniques as an effective way to prevent discriminator overfitting. It is still unclear, however, that which augmentations could actually improve GANs, and in particular, how to apply a wider range of augmentations in training. In this paper, we propose a novel way to address these questions by incorporating a recent contrastive representation learning scheme into the GAN discriminator, coined ContraD. This "fusion" enables the discriminators to work with much stronger augmentations without increasing their training instability, thereby preventing the discriminator overfitting issue in GANs more effectively. Even better, we observe that the contrastive learning itself also benefits from our GAN training, i.e., by maintaining discriminative features between real and fake samples, suggesting a strong coherence between the two worlds: good contrastive representations are also good for GAN discriminators, and vice versa. Our experimental results show that GANs with ContraD consistently improve FID and IS compared to other recent techniques incorporating data augmentations, still maintaining highly discriminative features in the discriminator in terms of the linear evaluation. Finally, as a byproduct, we also show that our GANs trained in an unsupervised manner (without labels) can induce many conditional generative models via a simple latent sampling, leveraging the learned features of ContraD. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jh-jeong/ContraD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.What s in My LiDAR Odometry Toolbox?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09708.pdf)
>  With the democratization of 3D LiDAR sensors, precise LiDAR odometries and SLAM are in high demand. New methods regularly appear, proposing solutions ranging from small variations in classical algorithms to radically new paradigms based on deep learning. Yet it is often difficult to compare these methods, notably due to the few datasets on which the methods can be evaluated and compared. Furthermore, their weaknesses are rarely examined, often letting the user discover the hard way whether a method would be appropriate for a use case. In this paper, we review and organize the main 3D LiDAR odometries into distinct categories. We implemented several approaches (geometric based, deep learning based, and hybrid methods) to conduct an in-depth analysis of their strengths and weaknesses on multiple datasets, guiding the reader through the different LiDAR odometries available. Implementation of the methods has been made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://gitlab.kitware.com/keu-computervision/pylidar-slam" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 42.Generating Annotated Training Data for 6D Object Pose Estimation in Operational Environments with Minimal User Interaction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09696.pdf)
>  Recently developed deep neural networks achieved state-of-the-art results in the subject of 6D object pose estimation for robot manipulation. However, those supervised deep learning methods require expensive annotated training data. Current methods for reducing those costs frequently use synthetic data from simulations, but rely on expert knowledge and suffer from the "domain gap" when shifting to the real world. Here, we present a proof of concept for a novel approach of autonomously generating annotated training data for 6D object pose estimation. This approach is designed for learning new objects in operational environments while requiring little interaction and no expertise on the part of the user. We evaluate our autonomous data generation approach in two grasping experiments, where we archive a similar grasping success rate as related work on a non autonomously generated data set.      
### 43.On the Role of Images for Analyzing Claims in Social Media  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09602.pdf)
>  Fake news is a severe problem in social media. In this paper, we present an empirical study on visual, textual, and multimodal models for the tasks of claim, claim check-worthiness, and conspiracy detection, all of which are related to fake news detection. Recent work suggests that images are more influential than text and often appear alongside fake text. To this end, several multimodal models have been proposed in recent years that use images along with text to detect fake news on social media sites like Twitter. However, the role of images is not well understood for claim detection, specifically using transformer-based textual and multimodal models. We investigate state-of-the-art models for images, text (Transformer-based), and multimodal information for four different datasets across two languages to understand the role of images in the task of claim and conspiracy detection.      
### 44.Automatic Generation of Contrast Sets from Scene Graphs: Probing the Compositional Consistency of GQA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09591.pdf)
>  Recent works have shown that supervised models often exploit data artifacts to achieve good test scores while their performance severely degrades on samples outside their training distribution. Contrast sets (Gardneret al., 2020) quantify this phenomenon by perturbing test samples in a minimal way such that the output label is modified. While most contrast sets were created manually, requiring intensive annotation effort, we present a novel method which leverages rich semantic input representation to automatically generate contrast sets for the visual question answering task. Our method computes the answer of perturbed questions, thus vastly reducing annotation cost and enabling thorough evaluation of models' performance on various semantic aspects (e.g., spatial or relational reasoning). We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on the GQA dataset and its semantic scene graph image representation. We find that, despite GQA's compositionality and carefully balanced label distribution, two high-performing models drop 13-17% in accuracy compared to the original test set. Finally, we show that our automatic perturbation can be applied to the training set to mitigate the degradation in performance, opening the door to more robust models.      
### 45.Theoretical bounds on data requirements for the ray-based classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09577.pdf)
>  The problem of classifying high-dimensional shapes in real-world data grows in complexity as the dimension of the space increases. For the case of identifying convex shapes of different geometries, a new classification framework has recently been proposed in which the intersections of a set of one-dimensional representations, called rays, with the boundaries of the shape are used to identify the specific geometry. This ray-based classification (RBC) has been empirically verified using a synthetic dataset of two- and three-dimensional shapes [1] and, more recently, has also been validated experimentally [2]. Here, we establish a bound on the number of rays necessary for shape classification, defined by key angular metrics, for arbitrary convex shapes. For two dimensions, we derive a lower bound on the number of rays in terms of the shape's length, diameter, and exterior angles. For convex polytopes in R^N, we generalize this result to a similar bound given as a function of the dihedral angle and the geometrical parameters of polygonal faces. This result enables a different approach for estimating high-dimensional shapes using substantially fewer data elements than volumetric or surface-based approaches.      
### 46.PredRNN: A Recurrent Neural Network for Spatiotemporal Predictive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09504.pdf)
>  The predictive learning of spatiotemporal sequences aims to generate future images by learning from the historical context, where the visual dynamics are believed to have modular structures that can be learned with compositional subsystems. This paper models these structures by presenting PredRNN, a new recurrent network, in which a pair of memory cells are explicitly decoupled, operate in nearly independent transition manners, and finally form unified representations of the complex environment. Concretely, besides the original memory cell of LSTM, this network is featured by a zigzag memory flow that propagates in both bottom-up and top-down directions across all layers, enabling the learned visual dynamics at different levels of RNNs to communicate. It also leverages a memory decoupling loss to keep the memory cells from learning redundant features. We further improve PredRNN with a new curriculum learning strategy, which can be generalized to most sequence-to-sequence RNNs in predictive learning scenarios. We provide detailed ablation studies, gradient analyses, and visualizations to verify the effectiveness of each component. We show that our approach obtains highly competitive results on three standard datasets: the synthetic Moving MNIST dataset, the KTH human action dataset, and a radar echo dataset for precipitation forecasting.      
### 47.Learning with Group Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09468.pdf)
>  Machine learning in the context of noise is a challenging but practical setting to plenty of real-world applications. Most of the previous approaches in this area focus on the pairwise relation (casual or correlational relationship) with noise, such as learning with noisy labels. However, the group noise, which is parasitic on the coarse-grained accurate relation with the fine-grained uncertainty, is also universal and has not been well investigated. The challenge under this setting is how to discover true pairwise connections concealed by the group relation with its fine-grained noise. To overcome this issue, we propose a novel Max-Matching method for learning with group noise. Specifically, it utilizes a matching mechanism to evaluate the relation confidence of each object w.r.t. the target, meanwhile considering the Non-IID characteristics among objects in the group. Only the most confident object is considered to learn the model, so that the fine-grained noise is mostly dropped. The performance on arange of real-world datasets in the area of several learning paradigms demonstrates the effectiveness of Max-Matching      
### 48.Collapsible Linear Blocks for Super-Efficient Super Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09404.pdf)
>  With the advent of smart devices that support 4K and 8K resolution, Single Image Super Resolution (SISR) has become an important computer vision problem. However, most super resolution deep networks are computationally very expensive. In this paper, we propose SESR, a new class of Super-Efficient Super Resolution networks that significantly improve image quality and reduce computational complexity. Detailed experiments across six benchmark datasets demonstrate that SESR achieves similar or better image quality than state-of-the-art models while requiring 2x to 330x fewer Multiply-Accumulate (MAC) operations. As a result, SESR can be used on constrained hardware to perform x2 (1080p to 4K) and x4 SISR (1080p to 8K). Towards this, we simulate hardware performance numbers for a commercial mobile Neural Processing Unit (NPU) for 1080p to 4K (x2) and 1080p to 8K (x4) SISR. Our results highlight the challenges faced by super resolution on AI accelerators and demonstrate that SESR is significantly faster than existing models. Overall, SESR establishes a new Pareto frontier on the quality (PSNR)-computation relationship for the super resolution task.      
### 49.Pros and Cons of GAN Evaluation Measures: New Developments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09396.pdf)
>  This work is an update of a previous paper on the same topic published a few years ago. With the dramatic progress in generative modeling, a suite of new quantitative and qualitative techniques to evaluate models has emerged. Although some measures such as Inception Score, Frchet Inception Distance, Precision-Recall, and Perceptual Path Length are relatively more popular, GAN evaluation is not a settled issue and there is still room for improvement. For example, in addition to quality and diversity of synthesized images, generative models should be evaluated in terms of bias and fairness. I describe new dimensions that are becoming important in assessing models, and discuss the connection between GAN evaluation and deepfakes.      
### 50.Multi-Prize Lottery Ticket Hypothesis: Finding Accurate Binary Neural Networks by Pruning A Randomly Weighted Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09377.pdf)
>  Recently, Frankle &amp; Carbin (2019) demonstrated that randomly-initialized dense networks contain subnetworks that once found can be trained to reach test accuracy comparable to the trained dense network. However, finding these high performing trainable subnetworks is expensive, requiring iterative process of training and pruning weights. In this paper, we propose (and prove) a stronger Multi-Prize Lottery Ticket Hypothesis: <br>A sufficiently over-parameterized neural network with random weights contains several subnetworks (winning tickets) that (a) have comparable accuracy to a dense target network with learned weights (prize 1), (b) do not require any further training to achieve prize 1 (prize 2), and (c) is robust to extreme forms of quantization (i.e., binary weights and/or activation) (prize 3). <br>This provides a new paradigm for learning compact yet highly accurate binary neural networks simply by pruning and quantizing randomly weighted full precision neural networks. We also propose an algorithm for finding multi-prize tickets (MPTs) and test it by performing a series of experiments on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet datasets. Empirical results indicate that as models grow deeper and wider, multi-prize tickets start to reach similar (and sometimes even higher) test accuracy compared to their significantly larger and full-precision counterparts that have been weight-trained. Without ever updating the weight values, our MPTs-1/32 not only set new binary weight network state-of-the-art (SOTA) Top-1 accuracy -- 94.8% on CIFAR-10 and 74.03% on ImageNet -- but also outperform their full-precision counterparts by 1.78% and 0.76%, respectively. Further, our MPT-1/1 achieves SOTA Top-1 accuracy (91.9%) for binary neural networks on CIFAR-10. Code and pre-trained models are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/chrundle/biprop" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 51.Colorectal Cancer Segmentation using Atrous Convolution and Residual Enhanced UNet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09289.pdf)
>  Colorectal cancer is a leading cause of death worldwide. However, early diagnosis dramatically increases the chances of survival, for which it is crucial to identify the tumor in the body. Since its imaging uses high-resolution techniques, annotating the tumor is time-consuming and requires particular expertise. Lately, methods built upon Convolutional Neural Networks(CNNs) have proven to be at par, if not better in many biomedical segmentation tasks. For the task at hand, we propose another CNN-based approach, which uses atrous convolutions and residual connections besides the conventional filters. The training and inference were made using an efficient patch-based approach, which significantly reduced unnecessary computations. The proposed AtResUNet was trained on the DigestPath 2019 Challenge dataset for colorectal cancer segmentation with results having a Dice Coefficient of 0.748.      
### 52.LightningDOT: Pre-training Visual-Semantic Embeddings for Real-Time Image-Text Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08784.pdf)
>  Multimodal pre-training has propelled great advancement in vision-and-language research. These large-scale pre-trained models, although successful, fatefully suffer from slow inference speed due to enormous computation cost mainly from cross-modal attention in Transformer architecture. When applied to real-life applications, such latency and computation demand severely deter the practical use of pre-trained models. In this paper, we study Image-text retrieval (ITR), the most mature scenario of V+L application, which has been widely studied even prior to the emergence of recent pre-trained models. We propose a simple yet highly effective approach, LightningDOT that accelerates the inference time of ITR by thousands of times, without sacrificing accuracy. LightningDOT removes the time-consuming cross-modal attention by pre-training on three novel learning objectives, extracting feature indexes offline, and employing instant dot-product matching with further re-ranking, which significantly speeds up retrieval process. In fact, LightningDOT achieves new state of the art across multiple ITR benchmarks such as Flickr30k, COCO and Multi30K, outperforming existing pre-trained models that consume 1000x magnitude of computational hours. Code and pre-training checkpoints are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/intersun/LightningDOT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 53.Learning with Feature-Dependent Label Noise: A Progressive Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.07756.pdf)
>  Label noise is frequently observed in real-world large-scale datasets. The noise is introduced due to a variety of reasons; it is heterogeneous and feature-dependent. Most existing approaches to handling noisy labels fall into two categories: they either assume an ideal feature-independent noise, or remain heuristic without theoretical guarantees. In this paper, we propose to target a new family of feature-dependent label noise, which is much more general than commonly used i.i.d. label noise and encompasses a broad spectrum of noise patterns. Focusing on this general noise family, we propose a progressive label correction algorithm that iteratively corrects labels and refines the model. We provide theoretical guarantees showing that for a wide variety of (unknown) noise patterns, a classifier trained with this strategy converges to be consistent with the Bayes classifier. In experiments, our method outperforms SOTA baselines and is robust to various noise types and levels.      
