# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 26 Mar 2021
### 1.High-Fidelity Pluralistic Image Completion with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.14031.pdf)
>  Image completion has made tremendous progress with convolutional neural networks (CNNs), because of their powerful texture modeling capacity. However, due to some inherent properties (e.g., local inductive prior, spatial-invariant kernels), CNNs do not perform well in understanding global structures or naturally support pluralistic completion. Recently, transformers demonstrate their power in modeling the long-term relationship and generating diverse results, but their computation complexity is quadratic to input length, thus hampering the application in processing high-resolution images. This paper brings the best of both worlds to pluralistic image completion: appearance prior reconstruction with transformer and texture replenishment with CNN. The former transformer recovers pluralistic coherent structures together with some coarse textures, while the latter CNN enhances the local texture details of coarse priors guided by the high-resolution masked images. The proposed method vastly outperforms state-of-the-art methods in terms of three aspects: 1) large performance boost on image fidelity even compared to deterministic completion methods; 2) better diversity and higher fidelity for pluralistic completion; 3) exceptional generalization ability on large masks and generic dataset, like ImageNet.      
### 2.Swin Transformer: Hierarchical Vision Transformer using Shifted Windows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.14030.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new vision Transformer, called Swin Transformer, that capably serves as a general-purpose backbone for computer vision. Challenges in adapting Transformer from language to vision arise from differences between the two domains, such as large variations in the scale of visual entities and the high resolution of pixels in images compared to words in text. To address these differences, we propose a hierarchical Transformer whose representation is computed with shifted windows. The shifted windowing scheme brings greater efficiency by limiting self-attention computation to non-overlapping local windows while also allowing for cross-window connection. This hierarchical architecture has the flexibility to model at various scales and has linear computational complexity with respect to image size. These qualities of Swin Transformer make it compatible with a broad range of vision tasks, including image classification (86.4 top-1 accuracy on ImageNet-1K) and dense prediction tasks such as object detection (58.7 box AP and 51.1 mask AP on COCO test-dev) and semantic segmentation (53.5 mIoU on ADE20K val). Its performance surpasses the previous state-of-the-art by a large margin of +2.7 box AP and +2.6 mask AP on COCO, and +3.2 mIoU on ADE20K, demonstrating the potential of Transformer-based models as vision backbones. The code and models will be made publicly available at~\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/microsoft/Swin-Transformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 3.USB: Universal-Scale Object Detection Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.14027.pdf)
>  Benchmarks, such as COCO, play a crucial role in object detection. However, existing benchmarks are insufficient in scale variation, and their protocols are inadequate for fair comparison. In this paper, we introduce the Universal-Scale object detection Benchmark (USB). USB has variations in object scales and image domains by incorporating COCO with the recently proposed Waymo Open Dataset and Manga109-s dataset. To enable fair comparison, we propose USB protocols by defining multiple thresholds for training epochs and evaluation image resolutions. By analyzing methods on the proposed benchmark, we designed fast and accurate object detectors called UniverseNets, which surpassed all baselines on USB and achieved state-of-the-art results on existing benchmarks. Specifically, UniverseNets achieved 54.1% AP on COCO test-dev with 20 epochs training, the top result among single-stage detectors on the Waymo Open Dataset Challenge 2020 2D detection, and the first place in the NightOwls Detection Challenge 2020 all objects track. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/shinya7y/UniverseNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 4.AutoLoss-Zero: Searching Loss Functions from Scratch for Generic Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.14026.pdf)
>  Significant progress has been achieved in automating the design of various components in deep networks. However, the automatic design of loss functions for generic tasks with various evaluation metrics remains under-investigated. Previous works on handcrafting loss functions heavily rely on human expertise, which limits their extendibility. Meanwhile, existing efforts on searching loss functions mainly focus on specific tasks and particular metrics, with task-specific heuristics. Whether such works can be extended to generic tasks is not verified and questionable. In this paper, we propose AutoLoss-Zero, the first general framework for searching loss functions from scratch for generic tasks. Specifically, we design an elementary search space composed only of primitive mathematical operators to accommodate the heterogeneous tasks and evaluation metrics. A variant of the evolutionary algorithm is employed to discover loss functions in the elementary search space. A loss-rejection protocol and a gradient-equivalence-check strategy are developed so as to improve the search efficiency, which are applicable to generic tasks. Extensive experiments on various computer vision tasks demonstrate that our searched loss functions are on par with or superior to existing loss functions, which generalize well to different datasets and networks. Code shall be released.      
### 5.The ThreeDWorld Transport Challenge: A Visually Guided Task-and-Motion Planning Benchmark for Physically Realistic Embodied AI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.14025.pdf)
>  We introduce a visually-guided and physics-driven task-and-motion planning benchmark, which we call the ThreeDWorld Transport Challenge. In this challenge, an embodied agent equipped with two 9-DOF articulated arms is spawned randomly in a simulated physical home environment. The agent is required to find a small set of objects scattered around the house, pick them up, and transport them to a desired final location. We also position containers around the house that can be used as tools to assist with transporting objects efficiently. To complete the task, an embodied agent must plan a sequence of actions to change the state of a large number of objects in the face of realistic physical constraints. We build this benchmark challenge using the ThreeDWorld simulation: a virtual 3D environment where all objects respond to physics, and where can be controlled using fully physics-driven navigation and interaction API. We evaluate several existing agents on this benchmark. Experimental results suggest that: 1) a pure RL model struggles on this challenge; 2) hierarchical planning-based agents can transport some objects but still far from solving this task. We anticipate that this benchmark will empower researchers to develop more intelligent physics-driven robots for the physical world.      
### 6.PlenOctrees for Real-time Rendering of Neural Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.14024.pdf)
>  We introduce a method to render Neural Radiance Fields (NeRFs) in real time using PlenOctrees, an octree-based 3D representation which supports view-dependent effects. Our method can render 800x800 images at more than 150 FPS, which is over 3000 times faster than conventional NeRFs. We do so without sacrificing quality while preserving the ability of NeRFs to perform free-viewpoint rendering of scenes with arbitrary geometry and view-dependent effects. Real-time performance is achieved by pre-tabulating the NeRF into a PlenOctree. In order to preserve view-dependent effects such as specularities, we factorize the appearance via closed-form spherical basis functions. Specifically, we show that it is possible to train NeRFs to predict a spherical harmonic representation of radiance, removing the viewing direction as an input to the neural network. Furthermore, we show that PlenOctrees can be directly optimized to further minimize the reconstruction loss, which leads to equal or better quality compared to competing methods. Moreover, this octree optimization step can be used to reduce the training time, as we no longer need to wait for the NeRF training to converge fully. Our real-time neural rendering approach may potentially enable new applications such as 6-DOF industrial and product visualizations, as well as next generation AR/VR systems. PlenOctrees are amenable to in-browser rendering as well; please visit the project page for the interactive online demo, as well as video and code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://alexyu.net/plenoctrees" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 7.Orthogonal Projection Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.14021.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have achieved remarkable performance on a range of classification tasks, with softmax cross-entropy (CE) loss emerging as the de-facto objective function. The CE loss encourages features of a class to have a higher projection score on the true class-vector compared to the negative classes. However, this is a relative constraint and does not explicitly force different class features to be well-separated. Motivated by the observation that ground-truth class representations in CE loss are orthogonal (one-hot encoded vectors), we develop a novel loss function termed `Orthogonal Projection Loss' (OPL) which imposes orthogonality in the feature space. OPL augments the properties of CE loss and directly enforces inter-class separation alongside intra-class clustering in the feature space through orthogonality constraints on the mini-batch level. As compared to other alternatives of CE, OPL offers unique advantages e.g., no additional learnable parameters, does not require careful negative mining and is not sensitive to the batch size. Given the plug-and-play nature of OPL, we evaluate it on a diverse range of tasks including image recognition (CIFAR-100), large-scale classification (ImageNet), domain generalization (PACS) and few-shot learning (miniImageNet, CIFAR-FS, tiered-ImageNet and Meta-dataset) and demonstrate its effectiveness across the board. Furthermore, OPL offers better robustness against practical nuisances such as adversarial attacks and label noise. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kahnchana/opl" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 8.Scaling-up Disentanglement for Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.14017.pdf)
>  Image translation methods typically aim to manipulate a set of labeled attributes (given as supervision at training time e.g. domain label) while leaving the unlabeled attributes intact. Current methods achieve either: (i) disentanglement, which exhibits low visual fidelity and can only be satisfied where the attributes are perfectly uncorrelated. (ii) visually-plausible translations, which are clearly not disentangled. In this work, we propose OverLORD, a single framework for disentangling labeled and unlabeled attributes as well as synthesizing high-fidelity images, which is composed of two stages; (i) Disentanglement: Learning disentangled representations with latent optimization. Differently from previous approaches, we do not rely on adversarial training or any architectural biases. (ii) Synthesis: Training feed-forward encoders for inferring the learned attributes and tuning the generator in an adversarial manner to increase the perceptual quality. When the labeled and unlabeled attributes are correlated, we model an additional representation that accounts for the correlated attributes and improves disentanglement. We highlight that our flexible framework covers multiple image translation settings e.g. attribute manipulation, pose-appearance translation, segmentation-guided synthesis and shape-texture transfer. In an extensive evaluation, we present significantly better disentanglement with higher translation quality and greater output diversity than state-of-the-art methods.      
### 9.Self-Supervised Training Enhances Online Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.14010.pdf)
>  In continual learning, a system must incrementally learn from a non-stationary data stream without catastrophic forgetting. Recently, multiple methods have been devised for incrementally learning classes on large-scale image classification tasks, such as ImageNet. State-of-the-art continual learning methods use an initial supervised pre-training phase, in which the first 10% - 50% of the classes in a dataset are used to learn representations in an offline manner before continual learning of new classes begins. We hypothesize that self-supervised pre-training could yield features that generalize better than supervised learning, especially when the number of samples used for pre-training is small. We test this hypothesis using the self-supervised MoCo-V2 and SwAV algorithms. On ImageNet, we find that both outperform supervised pre-training considerably for online continual learning, and the gains are larger when fewer samples are available. Our findings are consistent across three continual learning algorithms. Our best system achieves a 14.95% relative increase in top-1 accuracy on class incremental ImageNet over the prior state of the art for online continual learning.      
### 10.Contrasting Contrastive Self-Supervised Representation Learning Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.14005.pdf)
>  In the past few years, we have witnessed remarkable breakthroughs in self-supervised representation learning. Despite the success and adoption of representations learned through this paradigm, much is yet to be understood about how different training methods and datasets influence performance on downstream tasks. In this paper, we analyze contrastive approaches as one of the most successful and popular variants of self-supervised representation learning. We perform this analysis from the perspective of the training algorithms, pre-training datasets and end tasks. We examine over 700 training experiments including 30 encoders, 4 pre-training datasets and 20 diverse downstream tasks. Our experiments address various questions regarding the performance of self-supervised models compared to their supervised counterparts, current benchmarks used for evaluation, and the effect of the pre-training data on end task performance. We hope the insights and empirical evidence provided by this work will help future research in learning better visual representations.      
### 11.Rethinking Deep Contrastive Learning with Embedding Memory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.14003.pdf)
>  Pair-wise loss functions have been extensively studied and shown to continuously improve the performance of deep metric learning (DML). However, they are primarily designed with intuition based on simple toy examples, and experimentally identifying the truly effective design is difficult in complicated, real-world cases. In this paper, we provide a new methodology for systematically studying weighting strategies of various pair-wise loss functions, and rethink pair weighting with an embedding memory. We delve into the weighting mechanisms by decomposing the pair-wise functions, and study positive and negative weights separately using direct weight assignment. This allows us to study various weighting functions deeply and systematically via weight curves, and identify a number of meaningful, comprehensive and insightful facts, which come up with our key observation on memory-based DML: it is critical to mine hard negatives and discard easy negatives which are less informative and redundant, but weighting on positive pairs is not helpful. This results in an efficient but surprisingly simple rule to design the weighting scheme, making it significantly different from existing mini-batch based methods which design various sophisticated loss functions to weight pairs carefully. Finally, we conduct extensive experiments on three large-scale visual retrieval benchmarks, and demonstrate the superiority of memory-based DML over recent mini-batch based approaches, by using a simple contrastive loss with momentum-updated memory.      
### 12.GridDehazeNet+: An Enhanced Multi-Scale Network with Intra-Task Knowledge Transfer for Single Image Dehazing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13998.pdf)
>  We propose an enhanced multi-scale network, dubbed GridDehazeNet+, for single image dehazing. It consists of three modules: pre-processing, backbone, and post-processing. The trainable pre-processing module can generate learned inputs with better diversity and more pertinent features as compared to those derived inputs produced by hand-selected pre-processing methods. The backbone module implements multi-scale estimation with two major enhancements: 1) a novel grid structure that effectively alleviates the bottleneck issue via dense connections across different scales; 2) a spatial-channel attention block that can facilitate adaptive fusion by consolidating dehazing-relevant features. The post-processing module helps to reduce the artifacts in the final output. To alleviate domain shift between network training and testing, we convert synthetic data to so-called translated data with the distribution shaped to match that of real data. Moreover, to further improve the dehazing performance in real-world scenarios, we propose a novel intra-task knowledge transfer mechanism that leverages the distilled knowledge from synthetic data to assist the learning process on translated data. Experimental results indicate that the proposed GridDehazeNet+ outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on several dehazing benchmarks. The proposed dehazing method does not rely on the atmosphere scattering model, and we provide a possible explanation as to why it is not necessarily beneficial to take advantage of the dimension reduction offered by this model, even if only the dehazing results on synthetic images are concerned.      
### 13.More Photos are All You Need: Semi-Supervised Learning for Fine-Grained Sketch Based Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13990.pdf)
>  A fundamental challenge faced by existing Fine-Grained Sketch-Based Image Retrieval (FG-SBIR) models is the data scarcity -- model performances are largely bottlenecked by the lack of sketch-photo pairs. Whilst the number of photos can be easily scaled, each corresponding sketch still needs to be individually produced. In this paper, we aim to mitigate such an upper-bound on sketch data, and study whether unlabelled photos alone (of which they are many) can be cultivated for performances gain. In particular, we introduce a novel semi-supervised framework for cross-modal retrieval that can additionally leverage large-scale unlabelled photos to account for data scarcity. At the centre of our semi-supervision design is a sequential photo-to-sketch generation model that aims to generate paired sketches for unlabelled photos. Importantly, we further introduce a discriminator guided mechanism to guide against unfaithful generation, together with a distillation loss based regularizer to provide tolerance against noisy training samples. Last but not least, we treat generation and retrieval as two conjugate problems, where a joint learning procedure is devised for each module to mutually benefit from each other. Extensive experiments show that our semi-supervised model yields significant performance boost over the state-of-the-art supervised alternatives, as well as existing methods that can exploit unlabelled photos for FG-SBIR.      
### 14.Multi-Target Domain Adaptation via Unsupervised Domain Classification for Weather Invariant Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13970.pdf)
>  Object detection is an essential technique for autonomous driving. The performance of an object detector significantly degrades if the weather of the training images is different from that of test images. Domain adaptation can be used to address the domain shift problem so as to improve the robustness of an object detector. However, most existing domain adaptation methods either handle single target domain or require domain labels. We propose a novel unsupervised domain classification method which can be used to generalize single-target domain adaptation methods to multi-target domains, and design a weather-invariant object detector training framework based on it. We conduct the experiments on Cityscapes dataset and its synthetic variants, i.e. foggy, rainy, and night. The experimental results show that the object detector trained by our proposed method realizes robust object detection under different weather conditions.      
### 15.Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Visual Detection and Tracking using Deep Neural Networks: A Performance Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13933.pdf)
>  Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV) can pose a major risk for aviation safety, due to both negligent and malicious use. For this reason, the automated detection and tracking of UAV is a fundamental task in aerial security systems. Common technologies for UAV detection include visible-band and thermal infrared imaging, radio frequency and radar. Recent advances in deep neural networks (DNNs) for image-based object detection open the possibility to use visual information for this detection and tracking task. Furthermore, these detection architectures can be implemented as backbones for visual tracking systems, thereby enabling persistent tracking of UAV incursions. To date, no comprehensive performance benchmark exists that applies DNNs to visible-band imagery for UAV detection and tracking. To this end, three datasets with varied environmental conditions for UAV detection and tracking, comprising a total of 241 videos (331,486 images), are assessed using four detection architectures and three tracking frameworks. The best performing detector architecture obtains an mAP of 98.6% and the best performing tracking framework obtains a MOTA of 96.3%. Cross-modality evaluation is carried out between visible and infrared spectrums, achieving a maximal 82.8% mAP on visible images when training in the infrared modality. These results provide the first public multi-approach benchmark for state-of-the-art deep learning-based methods and give insight into which detection and tracking architectures are effective in the UAV domain.      
### 16.ScanGAN360: A Generative Model of Realistic Scanpaths for 360$^{\circ}$ Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13922.pdf)
>  Understanding and modeling the dynamics of human gaze behavior in 360$^\circ$ environments is a key challenge in computer vision and virtual reality. Generative adversarial approaches could alleviate this challenge by generating a large number of possible scanpaths for unseen images. Existing methods for scanpath generation, however, do not adequately predict realistic scanpaths for 360$^\circ$ images. We present ScanGAN360, a new generative adversarial approach to address this challenging problem. Our network generator is tailored to the specifics of 360$^\circ$ images representing immersive environments. Specifically, we accomplish this by leveraging the use of a spherical adaptation of dynamic-time warping as a loss function and proposing a novel parameterization of 360$^\circ$ scanpaths. The quality of our scanpaths outperforms competing approaches by a large margin and is almost on par with the human baseline. ScanGAN360 thus allows fast simulation of large numbers of virtual observers, whose behavior mimics real users, enabling a better understanding of gaze behavior and novel applications in virtual scene design.      
### 17.Disentanglement-based Cross-Domain Feature Augmentation for Effective Unsupervised Domain Adaptive Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13917.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptive (UDA) person re-identification (ReID) aims to transfer the knowledge from the labeled source domain to the unlabeled target domain for person matching. One challenge is how to generate target domain samples with reliable labels for training. To address this problem, we propose a Disentanglement-based Cross-Domain Feature Augmentation (DCDFA) strategy, where the augmented features characterize well the target and source domain data distributions while inheriting reliable identity labels. Particularly, we disentangle each sample feature into a robust domain-invariant/shared feature and a domain-specific feature, and perform cross-domain feature recomposition to enhance the diversity of samples used in the training, with the constraints of cross-domain ReID loss and domain classification loss. Each recomposed feature, obtained based on the domain-invariant feature (which enables a reliable inheritance of identity) and an enhancement from a domain specific feature (which enables the approximation of real distributions), is thus an "ideal" augmentation. Extensive experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our method, which achieves the state-of-the-art performance.      
### 18.An Image is Worth 16x16 Words, What is a Video Worth?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13915.pdf)
>  Leading methods in the domain of action recognition try to distill information from both the spatial and temporal dimensions of an input video. Methods that reach State of the Art (SotA) accuracy, usually make use of 3D convolution layers as a way to abstract the temporal information from video frames. The use of such convolutions requires sampling short clips from the input video, where each clip is a collection of closely sampled frames. Since each short clip covers a small fraction of an input video, multiple clips are sampled at inference in order to cover the whole temporal length of the video. This leads to increased computational load and is impractical for real-world applications. We address the computational bottleneck by significantly reducing the number of frames required for inference. Our approach relies on a temporal transformer that applies global attention over video frames, and thus better exploits the salient information in each frame. Therefore our approach is very input efficient, and can achieve SotA results (on Kinetics dataset) with a fraction of the data (frames per video), computation and latency. Specifically on Kinetics-400, we reach 78.8 top-1 accuracy with $\times 30$ less frames per video, and $\times 40$ faster inference than the current leading method. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Alibaba-MIIL/STAM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 19.StyleLess layer: Improving robustness for real-world driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13905.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are a critical component for self-driving vehicles. They achieve impressive performance by reaping information from high amounts of labeled data. Yet, the full complexity of the real world cannot be encapsulated in the training data, no matter how big the dataset, and DNNs can hardly generalize to unseen conditions. Robustness to various image corruptions, caused by changing weather conditions or sensor degradation and aging, is crucial for safety when such vehicles are deployed in the real world. We address this problem through a novel type of layer, dubbed StyleLess, which enables DNNs to learn robust and informative features that can cope with varying external conditions. We propose multiple variations of this layer that can be integrated in most of the architectures and trained jointly with the main task. We validate our contribution on typical autonomous-driving tasks (detection, semantic segmentation), showing that in most cases, this approach improves predictive performance on unseen conditions (fog, rain), while preserving performance on seen conditions and objects.      
### 20.Boosting Binary Masks for Multi-Domain Learning through Affine Transformations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13894.pdf)
>  In this work, we present a new, algorithm for multi-domain learning. Given a pretrained architecture and a set of visual domains received sequentially, the goal of multi-domain learning is to produce a single model performing a task in all the domains together. Recent works showed how we can address this problem by masking the internal weights of a given original conv-net through learned binary variables. In this work, we provide a general formulation of binary mask based models for multi-domain learning by affine transformations of the original network parameters. Our formulation obtains significantly higher levels of adaptation to new domains, achieving performances comparable to domain-specific models while requiring slightly more than 1 bit per network parameter per additional domain. Experiments on two popular benchmarks showcase the power of our approach, achieving performances close to state-of-the-art methods on the Visual Decathlon Challenge.      
### 21.Robust and Accurate Object Detection via Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13886.pdf)
>  Data augmentation has become a de facto component for training high-performance deep image classifiers, but its potential is under-explored for object detection. Noting that most state-of-the-art object detectors benefit from fine-tuning a pre-trained classifier, we first study how the classifiers' gains from various data augmentations transfer to object detection. The results are discouraging; the gains diminish after fine-tuning in terms of either accuracy or robustness. This work instead augments the fine-tuning stage for object detectors by exploring adversarial examples, which can be viewed as a model-dependent data augmentation. Our method dynamically selects the stronger adversarial images sourced from a detector's classification and localization branches and evolves with the detector to ensure the augmentation policy stays current and relevant. This model-dependent augmentation generalizes to different object detectors better than AutoAugment, a model-agnostic augmentation policy searched based on one particular detector. Our approach boosts the performance of state-of-the-art EfficientDets by +1.1 mAP on the COCO object detection benchmark. It also improves the detectors' robustness against natural distortions by +3.8 mAP and against domain shift by +1.3 mAP.      
### 22.Progressive-X+: Clustering in the Consensus Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13875.pdf)
>  We propose Progressive-X+, a new algorithm for finding an unknown number of geometric models, e.g., homographies. The problem is formalized as finding dominant model instances progressively without forming crisp point-to-model assignments. Dominant instances are found via RANSAC-like sampling and a consolidation process driven by a model quality function considering previously proposed instances. New ones are found by clustering in the consensus space. This new formulation leads to a simple iterative algorithm with state-of-the-art accuracy while running in real-time on a number of vision problems. Also, we propose a sampler reflecting the fact that real-world data tend to form spatially coherent structures. The sampler returns connected components in a progressively growing neighborhood-graph. We present a number of applications where the use of multiple geometric models improves accuracy. These include using multiple homographies to estimate relative poses for global SfM; pose estimation from generalized homographies; and trajectory estimation of fast-moving objects.      
### 23.Inferring Latent Domains for Unsupervised Deep Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13873.pdf)
>  Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) refers to the problem of learning a model in a target domain where labeled data are not available by leveraging information from annotated data in a source domain. Most deep UDA approaches operate in a single-source, single-target scenario, i.e. they assume that the source and the target samples arise from a single distribution. However, in practice most datasets can be regarded as mixtures of multiple domains. In these cases, exploiting traditional single-source, single-target methods for learning classification models may lead to poor results. Furthermore, it is often difficult to provide the domain labels for all data points, i.e. latent domains should be automatically discovered. This paper introduces a novel deep architecture which addresses the problem of UDA by automatically discovering latent domains in visual datasets and exploiting this information to learn robust target classifiers. Specifically, our architecture is based on two main components, i.e. a side branch that automatically computes the assignment of each sample to its latent domain and novel layers that exploit domain membership information to appropriately align the distribution of the CNN internal feature representations to a reference distribution. We evaluate our approach on publicly available benchmarks, showing that it outperforms state-of-the-art domain adaptation methods.      
### 24.Transform consistency for learning with noisy labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13872.pdf)
>  It is crucial to distinguish mislabeled samples for dealing with noisy labels. Previous methods such as Coteaching and JoCoR introduce two different networks to select clean samples out of the noisy ones and only use these clean ones to train the deep models. Different from these methods which require to train two networks simultaneously, we propose a simple and effective method to identify clean samples only using one single network. We discover that the clean samples prefer to reach consistent predictions for the original images and the transformed images while noisy samples usually suffer from inconsistent predictions. Motivated by this observation, we introduce to constrain the transform consistency between the original images and the transformed images for network training, and then select small-loss samples to update the parameters of the network. Furthermore, in order to mitigate the negative influence of noisy labels, we design a classification loss by using the off-line hard labels and on-line soft labels to provide more reliable supervisions for training a robust model. We conduct comprehensive experiments on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and Clothing1M datasets. Compared with the baselines, we achieve the state-of-the-art performance. Especially, in most cases, our proposed method outperforms the baselines by a large margin.      
### 25.Group-CAM: Group Score-Weighted Visual Explanations for Deep Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13859.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an efficient saliency map generation method, called Group score-weighted Class Activation Mapping (Group-CAM), which adopts the "split-transform-merge" strategy to generate saliency maps. Specifically, for an input image, the class activations are firstly split into groups. In each group, the sub-activations are summed and de-noised as an initial mask. After that, the initial masks are transformed with meaningful perturbations and then applied to preserve sub-pixels of the input (i.e., masked inputs), which are then fed into the network to calculate the confidence scores. Finally, the initial masks are weighted summed to form the final saliency map, where the weights are confidence scores produced by the masked inputs. Group-CAM is efficient yet effective, which only requires dozens of queries to the network while producing target-related saliency maps. As a result, Group-CAM can be served as an effective data augment trick for fine-tuning the networks. We comprehensively evaluate the performance of Group-CAM on common-used benchmarks, including deletion and insertion tests on ImageNet-1k, and pointing game tests on COCO2017. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that Group-CAM achieves better visual performance than the current state-of-the-art explanation approaches. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wofmanaf/Group-CAM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 26.Generative-Adversarial-Networks-based Ghost Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13858.pdf)
>  Nowadays, target recognition technique plays an important role in many fields. However, the existing image information based methods suffer from the influence of target image quality. In addition, some methods also need image reconstruction, which will bring additional time cost. In this paper, we propose a novel coincidence recognition method combining ghost imaging (GI) and generative adversarial networks (GAN). Based on the mechanism of GI, a set of random speckles sequence is employed to illuminate target, and a bucket detector without resolution is utilized to receive echo signal. The bucket signal sequence formed after continuous detections is constructed into a bucket signal array, which is regarded as the sample of GAN. Then, conditional GAN is used to map bucket signal array and target category. In practical application, the speckles sequence in training step is still employed to illuminate target, and the bucket signal array is input GAN for recognition. The proposed method can improve the problems caused by existing recognition methods that based on image information, and provide a certain turbulence-free ability. Extensive experiments are show that the proposed method achieves promising performance.      
### 27.Hierarchical Deep CNN Feature Set-Based Representation Learning for Robust Cross-Resolution Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13851.pdf)
>  Cross-resolution face recognition (CRFR), which is important in intelligent surveillance and biometric forensics, refers to the problem of matching a low-resolution (LR) probe face image against high-resolution (HR) gallery face images. Existing shallow learning-based and deep learning-based methods focus on mapping the HR-LR face pairs into a joint feature space where the resolution discrepancy is mitigated. However, little works consider how to extract and utilize the intermediate discriminative features from the noisy LR query faces to further mitigate the resolution discrepancy due to the resolution limitations. In this study, we desire to fully exploit the multi-level deep convolutional neural network (CNN) feature set for robust CRFR. In particular, our contributions are threefold. (i) To learn more robust and discriminative features, we desire to adaptively fuse the contextual features from different layers. (ii) To fully exploit these contextual features, we design a feature set-based representation learning (FSRL) scheme to collaboratively represent the hierarchical features for more accurate recognition. Moreover, FSRL utilizes the primitive form of feature maps to keep the latent structural information, especially in noisy cases. (iii) To further promote the recognition performance, we desire to fuse the hierarchical recognition outputs from different stages. Meanwhile, the discriminability from different scales can also be fully integrated. By exploiting these advantages, the efficiency of the proposed method can be delivered. Experimental results on several face datasets have verified the superiority of the presented algorithm to the other competitive CRFR approaches.      
### 28.Universal Representation Learning from Multiple Domains for Few-shot Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13841.pdf)
>  In this paper, we look at the problem of few-shot classification that aims to learn a classifier for previously unseen classes and domains from few labeled samples. Recent methods use adaptation networks for aligning their features to new domains or select the relevant features from multiple domain-specific feature extractors. In this work, we propose to learn a single set of universal deep representations by distilling knowledge of multiple separately trained networks after co-aligning their features with the help of adapters and centered kernel alignment. We show that the universal representations can be further refined for previously unseen domains by an efficient adaptation step in a similar spirit to distance learning methods. We rigorously evaluate our model in the recent Meta-Dataset benchmark and demonstrate that it significantly outperforms the previous methods while being more efficient. Our code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VICO-UoE/URL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.Multi-frame Super-resolution from Noisy Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13778.pdf)
>  Obtaining high resolution images from low resolution data with clipped noise is algorithmically challenging due to the ill-posed nature of the problem. So far such problems have hardly been tackled, and the few existing approaches use simplistic regularisers. We show the usefulness of two adaptive regularisers based on anisotropic diffusion ideas: Apart from evaluating the classical edge-enhancing anisotropic diffusion regulariser, we introduce a novel non-local one with one-sided differences and superior performance. It is termed sector diffusion. We combine it with all six variants of the classical super-resolution observational model that arise from permutations of its three operators for warping, blurring, and downsampling. Surprisingly, the evaluation in a practically relevant noisy scenario produces a different ranking than the one in the noise-free setting in our previous work (SSVM 2017).      
### 30.Patch Craft: Video Denoising by Deep Modeling and Patch Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13767.pdf)
>  The non-local self-similarity property of natural images has been exploited extensively for solving various image processing problems. When it comes to video sequences, harnessing this force is even more beneficial due to the temporal redundancy. In the context of image and video denoising, many classically-oriented algorithms employ self-similarity, splitting the data into overlapping patches, gathering groups of similar ones and processing these together somehow. With the emergence of convolutional neural networks (CNN), the patch-based framework has been abandoned. Most CNN denoisers operate on the whole image, leveraging non-local relations only implicitly by using a large receptive field. This work proposes a novel approach for leveraging self-similarity in the context of video denoising, while still relying on a regular convolutional architecture. We introduce a concept of patch-craft frames - artificial frames that are similar to the real ones, built by tiling matched patches. Our algorithm augments video sequences with patch-craft frames and feeds them to a CNN. We demonstrate the substantial boost in denoising performance obtained with the proposed approach.      
### 31.I^3Net: Implicit Instance-Invariant Network for Adapting One-Stage Object Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13757.pdf)
>  Recent works on two-stage cross-domain detection have widely explored the local feature patterns to achieve more accurate adaptation results. These methods heavily rely on the region proposal mechanisms and ROI-based instance-level features to design fine-grained feature alignment modules with respect to the foreground objects. However, for one-stage detectors, it is hard or even impossible to obtain explicit instance-level features in the detection pipelines. Motivated by this, we propose an Implicit Instance-Invariant Network (I^3Net), which is tailored for adapting one-stage detectors and implicitly learns instance-invariant features via exploiting the natural characteristics of deep features in different layers. Specifically, we facilitate the adaptation from three aspects: (1) Dynamic and Class-Balanced Reweighting (DCBR) strategy, which considers the coexistence of intra-domain and intra-class variations to assign larger weights to those sample-scarce categories and easy-to-adapt samples; (2) Category-aware Object Pattern Matching (COPM) module, which boosts the cross-domain foreground objects matching guided by the categorical information and suppresses the uninformative background features; (3) Regularized Joint Category Alignment (RJCA) module, which jointly enforces the category alignment at different domain-specific layers with a consistency regularization. Experiments reveal that I^3Net exceeds the state-of-the-art performance on benchmark datasets.      
### 32.Video Instance Segmentation with a Propose-Reduce Paradigm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13746.pdf)
>  Video instance segmentation (VIS) aims to segment and associate all instances of predefined classes for each frame in videos. Prior methods usually obtain segmentation for a frame or clip first, and then merge the incomplete results by tracking or matching. These methods may cause error accumulation in the merging step. Contrarily, we propose a new paradigm -- Propose-Reduce, to generate complete sequences for input videos by a single step. We further build a sequence propagation head on the existing image-level instance segmentation network for long-term propagation. To ensure robustness and high recall of our proposed framework, multiple sequences are proposed where redundant sequences of the same instance are reduced. We achieve state-of-the-art performance on two representative benchmark datasets -- we obtain 47.6% in terms of AP on YouTube-VIS validation set and 70.4% for J&amp;F on DAVIS-UVOS validation set.      
### 33.KiloNeRF: Speeding up Neural Radiance Fields with Thousands of Tiny MLPs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13744.pdf)
>  NeRF synthesizes novel views of a scene with unprecedented quality by fitting a neural radiance field to RGB images. However, NeRF requires querying a deep Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP) millions of times, leading to slow rendering times, even on modern GPUs. In this paper, we demonstrate that significant speed-ups are possible by utilizing thousands of tiny MLPs instead of one single large MLP. In our setting, each individual MLP only needs to represent parts of the scene, thus smaller and faster-to-evaluate MLPs can be used. By combining this divide-and-conquer strategy with further optimizations, rendering is accelerated by two orders of magnitude compared to the original NeRF model without incurring high storage costs. Further, using teacher-student distillation for training, we show that this speed-up can be achieved without sacrificing visual quality.      
### 34.Spirit Distillation: Precise Real-time Prediction with Insufficient Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13733.pdf)
>  Recent trend demonstrates the effectiveness of deep neural networks (DNNs) apply on the task of environment perception in autonomous driving system. While large-scale and complete data can train out fine DNNs, collecting it is always difficult, expensive, and time-consuming. Also, the significance of both accuracy and efficiency cannot be over-emphasized due to the requirement of real-time recognition. To alleviate the conflicts between weak data and high computational consumption of DNNs, we propose a new training framework named Spirit Distillation(SD). It extends the ideas of fine-tuning-based transfer learning(FTT) and feature-based knowledge distillation. By allowing the student to mimic its teacher in feature extraction, the gap of general features between the teacher-student networks is bridged. The Image Party distillation enhancement method(IP) is also proposed, which shuffling images from various domains, and randomly selecting a few as mini-batch. With this approach, the overfitting that the student network to the general features of the teacher network can be easily avoided. Persuasive experiments and discussions are conducted on CityScapes with the prompt of COCO2017 and KITTI. Results demonstrate the boosting performance in segmentation(mIOU and high-precision accuracy boost by 1.4% and 8.2% respectively, with 78.2% output variance), and can gain a precise compact network with only 41.8\% FLOPs(see Fig. 1). This paper is a pioneering work on knowledge distillation applied to few-shot learning. The proposed methods significantly reduce the dependence on data of DNNs training, and improves the robustness of DNNs when facing rare situations, with real-time requirement satisfied. We provide important technical support for the advancement of scene perception technology for autonomous driving.      
### 35.GyroFlow: Gyroscope-Guided Unsupervised Optical Flow Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13725.pdf)
>  Existing optical flow methods are erroneous in challenging scenes, such as fog, rain, and night because the basic optical flow assumptions such as brightness and gradient constancy are broken. To address this problem, we present an unsupervised learning approach that fuses gyroscope into optical flow learning. Specifically, we first convert gyroscope readings into motion fields named gyro field. Then, we design a self-guided fusion module to fuse the background motion extracted from the gyro field with the optical flow and guide the network to focus on motion details. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first deep learning-based framework that fuses gyroscope data and image content for optical flow learning. To validate our method, we propose a new dataset that covers regular and challenging scenes. Experiments show that our method outperforms the state-of-art methods in both regular and challenging scenes.      
### 36.AttrLostGAN: Attribute Controlled Image Synthesis from Reconfigurable Layout and Style  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13722.pdf)
>  Conditional image synthesis from layout has recently attracted much interest. Previous approaches condition the generator on object locations as well as class labels but lack fine-grained control over the diverse appearance aspects of individual objects. Gaining control over the image generation process is fundamental to build practical applications with a user-friendly interface. In this paper, we propose a method for attribute controlled image synthesis from layout which allows to specify the appearance of individual objects without affecting the rest of the image. We extend a state-of-the-art approach for layout-to-image generation to additionally condition individual objects on attributes. We create and experiment on a synthetic, as well as the challenging Visual Genome dataset. Our qualitative and quantitative results show that our method can successfully control the fine-grained details of individual objects when modelling complex scenes with multiple objects.      
### 37.Vectorization and Rasterization: Self-Supervised Learning for Sketch and Handwriting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13716.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning has gained prominence due to its efficacy at learning powerful representations from unlabelled data that achieve excellent performance on many challenging downstream tasks. However supervision-free pre-text tasks are challenging to design and usually modality specific. Although there is a rich literature of self-supervised methods for either spatial (such as images) or temporal data (sound or text) modalities, a common pre-text task that benefits both modalities is largely missing. In this paper, we are interested in defining a self-supervised pre-text task for sketches and handwriting data. This data is uniquely characterised by its existence in dual modalities of rasterized images and vector coordinate sequences. We address and exploit this dual representation by proposing two novel cross-modal translation pre-text tasks for self-supervised feature learning: Vectorization and Rasterization. Vectorization learns to map image space to vector coordinates and rasterization maps vector coordinates to image space. We show that the our learned encoder modules benefit both raster-based and vector-based downstream approaches to analysing hand-drawn data. Empirical evidence shows that our novel pre-text tasks surpass existing single and multi-modal self-supervision methods.      
### 38.Spatial-spectral Hyperspectral Image Classification via Multiple Random Anchor Graphs Ensemble Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13710.pdf)
>  Graph-based semi-supervised learning methods, which deal well with the situation of limited labeled data, have shown dominant performance in practical applications. However, the high dimensionality of hyperspectral images (HSI) makes it hard to construct the pairwise adjacent graph. Besides, the fine spatial features that help improve the discriminability of the model are often overlooked. To handle the problems, this paper proposes a novel spatial-spectral HSI classification method via multiple random anchor graphs ensemble learning (RAGE). Firstly, the local binary pattern is adopted to extract the more descriptive features on each selected band, which preserves local structures and subtle changes of a region. Secondly, the adaptive neighbors assignment is introduced in the construction of anchor graph, to reduce the computational complexity. Finally, an ensemble model is built by utilizing multiple anchor graphs, such that the diversity of HSI is learned. Extensive experiments show that RAGE is competitive against the state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 39.SSLayout360: Semi-Supervised Indoor Layout Estimation from 360$^{\circ}$ Panorama  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13696.pdf)
>  Recent years have seen flourishing research on both semi-supervised learning and 3D room layout reconstruction. In this work, we explore the intersection of these two fields to advance the research objective of enabling more accurate 3D indoor scene modeling with less labeled data. We propose the first approach to learn representations of room corners and boundaries by using a combination of labeled and unlabeled data for improved layout estimation in a 360$^{\circ}$ panoramic scene. Through extensive comparative experiments, we demonstrate that our approach can advance layout estimation of complex indoor scenes using as few as 20 labeled examples. When coupled with a layout predictor pre-trained on synthetic data, our semi-supervised method matches the fully supervised counterpart using only 12% of the labels. Our work takes an important first step towards robust semi-supervised layout estimation that can enable many applications in 3D perception with limited labeled data.      
### 40.MBA-VO: Motion Blur Aware Visual Odometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13684.pdf)
>  Motion blur is one of the major challenges remaining for visual odometry methods. In low-light conditions where longer exposure times are necessary, motion blur can appear even for relatively slow camera motions. In this paper we present a novel hybrid visual odometry pipeline with direct approach that explicitly models and estimates the camera's local trajectory within the exposure time. This allows us to actively compensate for any motion blur that occurs due to the camera motion. In addition, we also contribute a novel benchmarking dataset for motion blur aware visual odometry. In experiments we show that by directly modeling the image formation process, we are able to improve robustness of the visual odometry, while keeping comparable accuracy as that for images without motion blur.      
### 41.JDSR-GAN: Constructing A Joint and Collaborative Learning Network for Masked Face Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13676.pdf)
>  With the growing importance of preventing the COVID-19 virus, face images obtained in most video surveillance scenarios are low resolution with mask simultaneously. However, most of the previous face super-resolution solutions can not handle both tasks in one model. In this work, we treat the mask occlusion as image noise and construct a joint and collaborative learning network, called JDSR-GAN, for the masked face super-resolution task. Given a low-quality face image with the mask as input, the role of the generator composed of a denoising module and super-resolution module is to acquire a high-quality high-resolution face image. The discriminator utilizes some carefully designed loss functions to ensure the quality of the recovered face images. Moreover, we incorporate the identity information and attention mechanism into our network for feasible correlated feature expression and informative feature learning. By jointly performing denoising and face super-resolution, the two tasks can complement each other and attain promising performance. Extensive qualitative and quantitative results show the superiority of our proposed JDSR-GAN over some comparable methods which perform the previous two tasks separately.      
### 42.Contrast to Divide: Self-Supervised Pre-Training for Learning with Noisy Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13646.pdf)
>  The success of learning with noisy labels (LNL) methods relies heavily on the success of a warm-up stage where standard supervised training is performed using the full (noisy) training set. In this paper, we identify a "warm-up obstacle": the inability of standard warm-up stages to train high quality feature extractors and avert memorization of noisy labels. We propose "Contrast to Divide" (C2D), a simple framework that solves this problem by pre-training the feature extractor in a self-supervised fashion. Using self-supervised pre-training boosts the performance of existing LNL approaches by drastically reducing the warm-up stage's susceptibility to noise level, shortening its duration, and increasing extracted feature quality. C2D works out of the box with existing methods and demonstrates markedly improved performance, especially in the high noise regime, where we get a boost of more than 27% for CIFAR-100 with 90% noise over the previous state of the art. In real-life noise settings, C2D trained on mini-WebVision outperforms previous works both in WebVision and ImageNet validation sets by 3% top-1 accuracy. We perform an in-depth analysis of the framework, including investigating the performance of different pre-training approaches and estimating the effective upper bound of the LNL performance with semi-supervised learning. Code for reproducing our experiments is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ContrastToDivide/C2D" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 43.Asymmetric CNN for image super-resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13634.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been widely applied for low-level vision over the past five years. According to nature of different applications, designing appropriate CNN architectures is developed. However, customized architectures gather different features via treating all pixel points as equal to improve the performance of given application, which ignores the effects of local power pixel points and results in low training efficiency. In this paper, we propose an asymmetric CNN (ACNet) comprising an asymmetric block (AB), a mem?ory enhancement block (MEB) and a high-frequency feature enhancement block (HFFEB) for image super-resolution. The AB utilizes one-dimensional asymmetric convolutions to intensify the square convolution kernels in horizontal and vertical directions for promoting the influences of local salient features for SISR. The MEB fuses all hierarchical low-frequency features from the AB via residual learning (RL) technique to resolve the long-term dependency problem and transforms obtained low-frequency fea?tures into high-frequency features. The HFFEB exploits low- and high-frequency features to obtain more robust super-resolution features and address excessive feature enhancement problem. Ad?ditionally, it also takes charge of reconstructing a high-resolution (HR) image. Extensive experiments show that our ACNet can effectively address single image super-resolution (SISR), blind SISR and blind SISR of blind noise problems. The code of the ACNet is shown at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hellloxiaotian/ACNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 44.A Survey of Quantization Methods for Efficient Neural Network Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13630.pdf)
>  As soon as abstract mathematical computations were adapted to computation on digital computers, the problem of efficient representation, manipulation, and communication of the numerical values in those computations arose. Strongly related to the problem of numerical representation is the problem of quantization: in what manner should a set of continuous real-valued numbers be distributed over a fixed discrete set of numbers to minimize the number of bits required and also to maximize the accuracy of the attendant computations? This perennial problem of quantization is particularly relevant whenever memory and/or computational resources are severely restricted, and it has come to the forefront in recent years due to the remarkable performance of Neural Network models in computer vision, natural language processing, and related areas. Moving from floating-point representations to low-precision fixed integer values represented in four bits or less holds the potential to reduce the memory footprint and latency by a factor of 16x; and, in fact, reductions of 4x to 8x are often realized in practice in these applications. Thus, it is not surprising that quantization has emerged recently as an important and very active sub-area of research in the efficient implementation of computations associated with Neural Networks. In this article, we survey approaches to the problem of quantizing the numerical values in deep Neural Network computations, covering the advantages/disadvantages of current methods. With this survey and its organization, we hope to have presented a useful snapshot of the current research in quantization for Neural Networks and to have given an intelligent organization to ease the evaluation of future research in this area.      
### 45.Learning Probabilistic Ordinal Embeddings for Uncertainty-Aware Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13629.pdf)
>  Uncertainty is the only certainty there is. Modeling data uncertainty is essential for regression, especially in unconstrained settings. Traditionally the direct regression formulation is considered and the uncertainty is modeled by modifying the output space to a certain family of probabilistic distributions. On the other hand, classification based regression and ranking based solutions are more popular in practice while the direct regression methods suffer from the limited performance. How to model the uncertainty within the present-day technologies for regression remains an open issue. In this paper, we propose to learn probabilistic ordinal embeddings which represent each data as a multivariate Gaussian distribution rather than a deterministic point in the latent space. An ordinal distribution constraint is proposed to exploit the ordinal nature of regression. Our probabilistic ordinal embeddings can be integrated into popular regression approaches and empower them with the ability of uncertainty estimation. Experimental results show that our approach achieves competitive performance. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Li-Wanhua/POEs" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 46.Gaussian Guided IoU: A Better Metric for Balanced Learning on Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13613.pdf)
>  For most of the anchor-based detectors, Intersection over Union(IoU) is widely utilized to assign targets for the anchors during training. However, IoU pays insufficient attention to the closeness of the anchor's center to the truth box's center. This results in two problems: (1) only one anchor is assigned to most of the slender objects which leads to insufficient supervision information for the slender objects during training and the performance on the slender objects is hurt; (2) IoU can not accurately represent the alignment degree between the receptive field of the feature at the anchor's center and the object. Thus during training, some features whose receptive field aligns better with objects are missing while some features whose receptive field aligns worse with objects are adopted. This hurts the localization accuracy of models. To solve these problems, we firstly design Gaussian Guided IoU(GGIoU) which focuses more attention on the closeness of the anchor's center to the truth box's center. Then we propose GGIoU-balanced learning method including GGIoU-guided assignment strategy and GGIoU-balanced localization loss. The method can assign multiple anchors for each slender object and bias the training process to the features well-aligned with objects. Extensive experiments on the popular benchmarks such as PASCAL VOC and MS COCO demonstrate GGIoU-balanced learning can solve the above problems and substantially improve the performance of the object detection model, especially in the localization accuracy.      
### 47.THAT: Two Head Adversarial Training for Improving Robustness at Scale  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13612.pdf)
>  Many variants of adversarial training have been proposed, with most research focusing on problems with relatively few classes. In this paper, we propose Two Head Adversarial Training (THAT), a two-stream adversarial learning network that is designed to handle the large-scale many-class ImageNet dataset. The proposed method trains a network with two heads and two loss functions; one to minimize feature-space domain shift between natural and adversarial images, and one to promote high classification accuracy. This combination delivers a hardened network that achieves state of the art robust accuracy while maintaining high natural accuracy on ImageNet. Through extensive experiments, we demonstrate that the proposed framework outperforms alternative methods under both standard and "free" adversarial training settings.      
### 48.Exploiting Class Similarity for Machine Learning with Confidence Labels and Projective Loss Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13607.pdf)
>  Class labels used for machine learning are relatable to each other, with certain class labels being more similar to each other than others (e.g. images of cats and dogs are more similar to each other than those of cats and cars). Such similarity among classes is often the cause of poor model performance due to the models confusing between them. Current labeling techniques fail to explicitly capture such similarity information. In this paper, we instead exploit the similarity between classes by capturing the similarity information with our novel confidence labels. Confidence labels are probabilistic labels denoting the likelihood of similarity, or confusability, between the classes. Often even after models are trained to differentiate between classes in the feature space, the similar classes' latent space still remains clustered. We view this type of clustering as valuable information and exploit it with our novel projective loss functions. Our projective loss functions are designed to work with confidence labels with an ability to relax the loss penalty for errors that confuse similar classes. We use our approach to train neural networks with noisy labels, as we believe noisy labels are partly a result of confusability arising from class similarity. We show improved performance compared to the use of standard loss functions. We conduct a detailed analysis using the CIFAR-10 dataset and show our proposed methods' applicability to larger datasets, such as ImageNet and Food-101N.      
### 49.Learning Dynamic Alignment via Meta-filter for Few-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13582.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning (FSL), which aims to recognise new classes by adapting the learned knowledge with extremely limited few-shot (support) examples, remains an important open problem in computer vision. Most of the existing methods for feature alignment in few-shot learning only consider image-level or spatial-level alignment while omitting the channel disparity. Our insight is that these methods would lead to poor adaptation with redundant matching, and leveraging channel-wise adjustment is the key to well adapting the learned knowledge to new classes. Therefore, in this paper, we propose to learn a dynamic alignment, which can effectively highlight both query regions and channels according to different local support information. Specifically, this is achieved by first dynamically sampling the neighbourhood of the feature position conditioned on the input few shot, based on which we further predict a both position-dependent and channel-dependent Dynamic Meta-filter. The filter is used to align the query feature with position-specific and channel-specific knowledge. Moreover, we adopt Neural Ordinary Differential Equation (ODE) to enable a more accurate control of the alignment. In such a sense our model is able to better capture fine-grained semantic context of the few-shot example and thus facilitates dynamical knowledge adaptation for few-shot learning. The resulting framework establishes the new state-of-the-arts on major few-shot visual recognition benchmarks, including miniImageNet and tieredImageNet.      
### 50.STA-VPR: Spatio-temporal Alignment for Visual Place Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13580.pdf)
>  Recently, the methods based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have gained popularity in the field of visual place recognition (VPR). In particular, the features from the middle layers of CNNs are more robust to drastic appearance changes than handcrafted features and high-layer features. Unfortunately, the holistic mid-layer features lack robustness to large viewpoint changes. Here we split the holistic mid-layer features into local features, and propose an adaptive dynamic time warping (DTW) algorithm to align local features from the spatial domain while measuring the distance between two images. This realizes viewpoint-invariant and condition-invariant place recognition. Meanwhile, a local matching DTW (LM-DTW) algorithm is applied to perform image sequence matching based on temporal alignment, which achieves further improvements and ensures linear time complexity. We perform extensive experiments on five representative VPR datasets. The results show that the proposed method significantly improves the CNN-based methods. Moreover, our method outperforms several state-of-the-art methods while maintaining good run-time performance. This work provides a novel way to boost the performance of CNN methods without any re-training for VPR. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Lu-Feng/STA-VPR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 51.Test-Time Training for Deformable Multi-Scale Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13578.pdf)
>  Registration is a fundamental task in medical robotics and is often a crucial step for many downstream tasks such as motion analysis, intra-operative tracking and image segmentation. Popular registration methods such as ANTs and NiftyReg optimize objective functions for each pair of images from scratch, which are time-consuming for 3D and sequential images with complex deformations. Recently, deep learning-based registration approaches such as VoxelMorph have been emerging and achieve competitive performance. In this work, we construct a test-time training for deep deformable image registration to improve the generalization ability of conventional learning-based registration model. We design multi-scale deep networks to consecutively model the residual deformations, which is effective for high variational deformations. Extensive experiments validate the effectiveness of multi-scale deep registration with test-time training based on Dice coefficient for image segmentation and mean square error (MSE), normalized local cross-correlation (NLCC) for tissue dense tracking tasks. Two videos are in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NvLrCaqCiAE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> and <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEA6ZmtTNuQ" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 52.MetaAlign: Coordinating Domain Alignment and Classification for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13575.pdf)
>  For unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA), to alleviate the effect of domain shift, many approaches align the source and target domains in the feature space by adversarial learning or by explicitly aligning their statistics. However, the optimization objective of such domain alignment is generally not coordinated with that of the object classification task itself such that their descent directions for optimization may be inconsistent. This will reduce the effectiveness of domain alignment in improving the performance of UDA. In this paper, we aim to study and alleviate the optimization inconsistency problem between the domain alignment and classification tasks. We address this by proposing an effective meta-optimization based strategy dubbed MetaAlign, where we treat the domain alignment objective and the classification objective as the meta-train and meta-test tasks in a meta-learning scheme. MetaAlign encourages both tasks to be optimized in a coordinated way, which maximizes the inner product of the gradients of the two tasks during training. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method on top of various alignment-based baseline approaches, for tasks of object classification and object detection. MetaAlign helps achieve the state-of-the-art performance.      
### 53.Deepfake Forensics via An Adversarial Game  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13567.pdf)
>  With the progress in AI-based facial forgery (i.e., deepfake), people are increasingly concerned about its abuse. Albeit effort has been made for training classification (also known as deepfake detection) models to recognize such forgeries, existing models suffer from poor generalization to unseen forgery technologies and high sensitivity to changes in image/video quality. In this paper, we advocate adversarial training for improving the generalization ability to both unseen facial forgeries and unseen image/video qualities. We believe training with samples that are adversarially crafted to attack the classification models improves the generalization ability considerably. Considering that AI-based face manipulation often leads to high-frequency artifacts that can be easily spotted by models yet difficult to generalize, we further propose a new adversarial training method that attempts to blur out these specific artifacts, by introducing pixel-wise Gaussian blurring models. With adversarial training, the classification models are forced to learn more discriminative and generalizable features, and the effectiveness of our method can be verified by plenty of empirical evidence. Our code will be made publicly available.      
### 54.On Evolving Attention Towards Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13561.pdf)
>  Towards better unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA). Recently, researchers propose various domain-conditioned attention modules and make promising progresses. However, considering that the configuration of attention, i.e., the type and the position of attention module, affects the performance significantly, it is more generalized to optimize the attention configuration automatically to be specialized for arbitrary UDA scenario. For the first time, this paper proposes EvoADA: a novel framework to evolve the attention configuration for a given UDA task without human intervention. In particular, we propose a novel search space containing diverse attention configurations. Then, to evaluate the attention configurations and make search procedure UDA-oriented (transferability + discrimination), we apply a simple and effective evaluation strategy: 1) training the network weights on two domains with off-the-shelf domain adaptation methods; 2) evolving the attention configurations under the guide of the discriminative ability on the target domain. Experiments on various kinds of cross-domain benchmarks, i.e., Office-31, Office-Home, CUB-Paintings, and Duke-Market-1510, reveal that the proposed EvoADA consistently boosts multiple state-of-the-art domain adaptation approaches, and the optimal attention configurations help them achieve better performance.      
### 55.Rethinking Self-Supervised Learning: Small is Beautiful  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13559.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning (SSL), in particular contrastive learning, has made great progress in recent years. However, a common theme in these methods is that they inherit the learning paradigm from the supervised deep learning scenario. Current SSL methods are often pretrained for many epochs on large-scale datasets using high resolution images, which brings heavy computational cost and lacks flexibility. In this paper, we demonstrate that the learning paradigm for SSL should be different from supervised learning and the information encoded by the contrastive loss is expected to be much less than that encoded in the labels in supervised learning via the cross entropy loss. Hence, we propose scaled-down self-supervised learning (S3L), which include 3 parts: small resolution, small architecture and small data. On a diverse set of datasets, SSL methods and backbone architectures, S3L achieves higher accuracy consistently with much less training cost when compared to previous SSL learning paradigm. Furthermore, we show that even without a large pretraining dataset, S3L can achieve impressive results on small data alone. Our code has been made publically available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/CupidJay/Scaled-down-self-supervised-learning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 56.Evidential fully convolutional network for semantic segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13544.pdf)
>  We propose a hybrid architecture composed of a fully convolutional network (FCN) and a Dempster-Shafer layer for image semantic segmentation. In the so-called evidential FCN (E-FCN), an encoder-decoder architecture first extracts pixel-wise feature maps from an input image. A Dempster-Shafer layer then computes mass functions at each pixel location based on distances to prototypes. Finally, a utility layer performs semantic segmentation from mass functions and allows for imprecise classification of ambiguous pixels and outliers. We propose an end-to-end learning strategy for jointly updating the network parameters, which can make use of soft (imprecise) labels. Experiments using three databases (Pascal VOC 2011, MIT-scene Parsing and SIFT Flow) show that the proposed combination improves the accuracy and calibration of semantic segmentation by assigning confusing pixels to multi-class sets.      
### 57.Hierarchical Proxy-based Loss for Deep Metric Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13538.pdf)
>  Proxy-based metric learning losses are superior to pair-based losses due to their fast convergence and low training complexity. However, existing proxy-based losses focus on learning class-discriminative features while overlooking the commonalities shared across classes which are potentially useful in describing and matching samples. Moreover, they ignore the implicit hierarchy of categories in real-world datasets, where similar subordinate classes can be grouped together. In this paper, we present a framework that leverages this implicit hierarchy by imposing a hierarchical structure on the proxies and can be used with any existing proxy-based loss. This allows our model to capture both class-discriminative features and class-shared characteristics without breaking the implicit data hierarchy. We evaluate our method on five established image retrieval datasets such as In-Shop and SOP. Results demonstrate that our hierarchical proxy-based loss framework improves the performance of existing proxy-based losses, especially on large datasets which exhibit strong hierarchical structure.      
### 58.A Broad Study on the Transferability of Visual Representations with Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13517.pdf)
>  Tremendous progress has been made in visual representation learning, notably with the recent success of self-supervised contrastive learning methods. Supervised contrastive learning has also been shown to outperform its cross-entropy counterparts by leveraging labels for choosing where to contrast. However, there has been little work to explore the transfer capability of contrastive learning to a different domain. In this paper, we conduct a comprehensive study on the transferability of learned representations of different contrastive approaches for linear evaluation, full-network transfer, and few-shot recognition on 12 downstream datasets from different domains, and object detection tasks on MSCOCO and VOC0712. The results show that the contrastive approaches learn representations that are easily transferable to a different downstream task. We further observe that the joint objective of self-supervised contrastive loss with cross-entropy/supervised-contrastive loss leads to better transferability of these models over their supervised counterparts. Our analysis reveals that the representations learned from the contrastive approaches contain more low/mid-level semantics than cross-entropy models, which enables them to quickly adapt to a new task. Our codes and models will be publicly available to facilitate future research on transferability of visual representations.      
### 59.Tracking Pedestrian Heads in Dense Crowd  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13516.pdf)
>  Tracking humans in crowded video sequences is an important constituent of visual scene understanding. Increasing crowd density challenges visibility of humans, limiting the scalability of existing pedestrian trackers to higher crowd densities. For that reason, we propose to revitalize head tracking with Crowd of Heads Dataset (CroHD), consisting of 9 sequences of 11,463 frames with over 2,276,838 heads and 5,230 tracks annotated in diverse scenes. For evaluation, we proposed a new metric, IDEucl, to measure an algorithm's efficacy in preserving a unique identity for the longest stretch in image coordinate space, thus building a correspondence between pedestrian crowd motion and the performance of a tracking algorithm. Moreover, we also propose a new head detector, HeadHunter, which is designed for small head detection in crowded scenes. We extend HeadHunter with a Particle Filter and a color histogram based re-identification module for head tracking. To establish this as a strong baseline, we compare our tracker with existing state-of-the-art pedestrian trackers on CroHD and demonstrate superiority, especially in identity preserving tracking metrics. With a light-weight head detector and a tracker which is efficient at identity preservation, we believe our contributions will serve useful in advancement of pedestrian tracking in dense crowds.      
### 60.Matched sample selection with GANs for mitigating attribute confounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13455.pdf)
>  Measuring biases of vision systems with respect to protected attributes like gender and age is critical as these systems gain widespread use in society. However, significant correlations between attributes in benchmark datasets make it difficult to separate algorithmic bias from dataset bias. To mitigate such attribute confounding during bias analysis, we propose a matching approach that selects a subset of images from the full dataset with balanced attribute distributions across protected attributes. Our matching approach first projects real images onto a generative adversarial network (GAN)'s latent space in a manner that preserves semantic attributes. It then finds image matches in this latent space across a chosen protected attribute, yielding a dataset where semantic and perceptual attributes are balanced across the protected attribute. We validate projection and matching strategies with qualitative, quantitative, and human annotation experiments. We demonstrate our work in the context of gender bias in multiple open-source facial-recognition classifiers and find that bias persists after removing key confounders via matching. Code and documentation to reproduce the results here and apply the methods to new data is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/csinva/matching-with-gans" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 61.DRANet: Disentangling Representation and Adaptation Networks for Unsupervised Cross-Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13447.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present DRANet, a network architecture that disentangles image representations and transfers the visual attributes in a latent space for unsupervised cross-domain adaptation. Unlike the existing domain adaptation methods that learn associated features sharing a domain, DRANet preserves the distinctiveness of each domain's characteristics. Our model encodes individual representations of content (scene structure) and style (artistic appearance) from both source and target images. Then, it adapts the domain by incorporating the transferred style factor into the content factor along with learnable weights specified for each domain. This learning framework allows bi-/multi-directional domain adaptation with a single encoder-decoder network and aligns their domain shift. Additionally, we propose a content-adaptive domain transfer module that helps retain scene structure while transferring style. Extensive experiments show our model successfully separates content-style factors and synthesizes visually pleasing domain-transferred images. The proposed method demonstrates state-of-the-art performance on standard digit classification tasks as well as semantic segmentation tasks.      
### 62.TagMe: GPS-Assisted Automatic Object Annotation in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13428.pdf)
>  Training high-accuracy object detection models requires large and diverse annotated datasets. However, creating these data-sets is time-consuming and expensive since it relies on human annotators. We design, implement, and evaluate TagMe, a new approach for automatic object annotation in videos that uses GPS data. When the GPS trace of an object is available, TagMe matches the object's motion from GPS trace and the pixels' motions in the video to find the pixels belonging to the object in the video and creates the bounding box annotations of the object. TagMe works using passive data collection and can continuously generate new object annotations from outdoor video streams without any human annotators. We evaluate TagMe on a dataset of 100 video clips. We show TagMe can produce high-quality object annotations in a fully-automatic and low-cost way. Compared with the traditional human-in-the-loop solution, TagMe can produce the same amount of annotations at a much lower cost, e.g., up to 110x.      
### 63.Diverse Branch Block: Building a Convolution as an Inception-like Unit  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13425.pdf)
>  We propose a universal building block of Convolutional Neural Network (ConvNet) to improve the performance without any inference-time costs. The block is named Diverse Branch Block (DBB), which enhances the representational capacity of a single convolution by combining diverse branches of different scales and complexities to enrich the feature space, including sequences of convolutions, multi-scale convolutions, and average pooling. After training, a DBB can be equivalently converted into a single conv layer for deployment. Unlike the advancements of novel ConvNet architectures, DBB complicates the training-time microstructure while maintaining the macro architecture, so that it can be used as a drop-in replacement for regular conv layers of any architecture. In this way, the model can be trained to reach a higher level of performance and then transformed into the original inference-time structure for inference. DBB improves ConvNets on image classification (up to 1.9% higher top-1 accuracy on ImageNet), object detection and semantic segmentation. The PyTorch code and models are released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DingXiaoH/DiverseBranchBlock" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 64.Foreground color prediction through inverse compositing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13423.pdf)
>  In natural image matting, the goal is to estimate the opacity of the foreground object in the image. This opacity controls the way the foreground and background is blended in transparent regions. In recent years, advances in deep learning have led to many natural image matting algorithms that have achieved outstanding performance in a fully automatic manner. However, most of these algorithms only predict the alpha matte from the image, which is not sufficient to create high-quality compositions. Further, it is not possible to manually interact with these algorithms in any way except by directly changing their input or output. We propose a novel recurrent neural network that can be used as a post-processing method to recover the foreground and background colors of an image, given an initial alpha estimation. Our method outperforms the state-of-the-art in color estimation for natural image matting and show that the recurrent nature of our method allows users to easily change candidate solutions that lead to superior color estimations.      
### 65.Mip-NeRF: A Multiscale Representation for Anti-Aliasing Neural Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13415.pdf)
>  The rendering procedure used by neural radiance fields (NeRF) samples a scene with a single ray per pixel and may therefore produce renderings that are excessively blurred or aliased when training or testing images observe scene content at different resolutions. The straightforward solution of supersampling by rendering with multiple rays per pixel is impractical for NeRF, because rendering each ray requires querying a multilayer perceptron hundreds of times. Our solution, which we call "mip-NeRF" (a la "mipmap"), extends NeRF to represent the scene at a continuously-valued scale. By efficiently rendering anti-aliased conical frustums instead of rays, mip-NeRF reduces objectionable aliasing artifacts and significantly improves NeRF's ability to represent fine details, while also being 7% faster than NeRF and half the size. Compared to NeRF, mip-NeRF reduces average error rates by 16% on the dataset presented with NeRF and by 60% on a challenging multiscale variant of that dataset that we present. Mip-NeRF is also able to match the accuracy of a brute-force supersampled NeRF on our multiscale dataset while being 22x faster.      
### 66.Vision Transformers for Dense Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13413.pdf)
>  We introduce dense vision transformers, an architecture that leverages vision transformers in place of convolutional networks as a backbone for dense prediction tasks. We assemble tokens from various stages of the vision transformer into image-like representations at various resolutions and progressively combine them into full-resolution predictions using a convolutional decoder. The transformer backbone processes representations at a constant and relatively high resolution and has a global receptive field at every stage. These properties allow the dense vision transformer to provide finer-grained and more globally coherent predictions when compared to fully-convolutional networks. Our experiments show that this architecture yields substantial improvements on dense prediction tasks, especially when a large amount of training data is available. For monocular depth estimation, we observe an improvement of up to 28% in relative performance when compared to a state-of-the-art fully-convolutional network. When applied to semantic segmentation, dense vision transformers set a new state of the art on ADE20K with 49.02% mIoU. We further show that the architecture can be fine-tuned on smaller datasets such as NYUv2, KITTI, and Pascal Context where it also sets the new state of the art. Our models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/intel-isl/DPT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 67.AgentFormer: Agent-Aware Transformers for Socio-Temporal Multi-Agent Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.14023.pdf)
>  Predicting accurate future trajectories of multiple agents is essential for autonomous systems, but is challenging due to the complex agent interaction and the uncertainty in each agent's future behavior. Forecasting multi-agent trajectories requires modeling two key dimensions: (1) time dimension, where we model the influence of past agent states over future states; (2) social dimension, where we model how the state of each agent affects others. Most prior methods model these two dimensions separately; e.g., first using a temporal model to summarize features over time for each agent independently and then modeling the interaction of the summarized features with a social model. This approach is suboptimal since independent feature encoding over either the time or social dimension can result in a loss of information. Instead, we would prefer a method that allows an agent's state at one time to directly affect another agent's state at a future time. To this end, we propose a new Transformer, AgentFormer, that jointly models the time and social dimensions. The model leverages a sequence representation of multi-agent trajectories by flattening trajectory features across time and agents. Since standard attention operations disregard the agent identity of each element in the sequence, AgentFormer uses a novel agent-aware attention mechanism that preserves agent identities by attending to elements of the same agent differently than elements of other agents. Based on AgentFormer, we propose a stochastic multi-agent trajectory prediction model that can attend to features of any agent at any previous timestep when inferring an agent's future position. The latent intent of all agents is also jointly modeled, allowing the stochasticity in one agent's behavior to affect other agents. Our method significantly improves the state of the art on well-established pedestrian and autonomous driving datasets.      
### 68.Zero-shot super-resolution with a physically-motivated downsampling kernel for endomicroscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.14015.pdf)
>  Super-resolution (SR) methods have seen significant advances thanks to the development of convolutional neural networks (CNNs). CNNs have been successfully employed to improve the quality of endomicroscopy imaging. Yet, the inherent limitation of research on SR in endomicroscopy remains the lack of ground truth high-resolution (HR) images, commonly used for both supervised training and reference-based image quality assessment (IQA). Therefore, alternative methods, such as unsupervised SR are being explored. To address the need for non-reference image quality improvement, we designed a novel zero-shot super-resolution (ZSSR) approach that relies only on the endomicroscopy data to be processed in a self-supervised manner without the need for ground-truth HR images. We tailored the proposed pipeline to the idiosyncrasies of endomicroscopy by introducing both: a physically-motivated Voronoi downscaling kernel accounting for the endomicroscope's irregular fibre-based sampling pattern, and realistic noise patterns. We also took advantage of video sequences to exploit a sequence of images for self-supervised zero-shot image quality improvement. We run ablation studies to assess our contribution in regards to the downscaling kernel and noise simulation. We validate our methodology on both synthetic and original data. Synthetic experiments were assessed with reference-based IQA, while our results for original images were evaluated in a user study conducted with both expert and non-expert observers. The results demonstrated superior performance in image quality of ZSSR reconstructions in comparison to the baseline method. The ZSSR is also competitive when compared to supervised single-image SR, especially being the preferred reconstruction technique by experts.      
### 69.Designing a Practical Degradation Model for Deep Blind Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.14006.pdf)
>  It is widely acknowledged that single image super-resolution (SISR) methods would not perform well if the assumed degradation model deviates from those in real images. Although several degradation models take additional factors into consideration, such as blur, they are still not effective enough to cover the diverse degradations of real images. To address this issue, this paper proposes to design a more complex but practical degradation model that consists of randomly shuffled blur, downsampling and noise degradations. Specifically, the blur is approximated by two convolutions with isotropic and anisotropic Gaussian kernels; the downsampling is randomly chosen from nearest, bilinear and bicubic interpolations; the noise is synthesized by adding Gaussian noise with different noise levels, adopting JPEG compression with different quality factors, and generating processed camera sensor noise via reverse-forward camera image signal processing (ISP) pipeline model and RAW image noise model. To verify the effectiveness of the new degradation model, we have trained a deep blind ESRGAN super-resolver and then applied it to super-resolve both synthetic and real images with diverse degradations. The experimental results demonstrate that the new degradation model can help to significantly improve the practicability of deep super-resolvers, thus providing a powerful alternative solution for real SISR applications.      
### 70.OTCE: A Transferability Metric for Cross-Domain Cross-Task Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13843.pdf)
>  Transfer learning across heterogeneous data distributions (a.k.a. domains) and distinct tasks is a more general and challenging problem than conventional transfer learning, where either domains or tasks are assumed to be the same. While neural network based feature transfer is widely used in transfer learning applications, finding the optimal transfer strategy still requires time-consuming experiments and domain knowledge. We propose a transferability metric called Optimal Transport based Conditional Entropy (OTCE), to analytically predict the transfer performance for supervised classification tasks in such cross-domain and cross-task feature transfer settings. Our OTCE score characterizes transferability as a combination of domain difference and task difference, and explicitly evaluates them from data in a unified framework. Specifically, we use optimal transport to estimate domain difference and the optimal coupling between source and target distributions, which is then used to derive the conditional entropy of the target task (task difference). Experiments on the largest cross-domain dataset DomainNet and Office31 demonstrate that OTCE shows an average of 21% gain in the correlation with the ground truth transfer accuracy compared to state-of-the-art methods. We also investigate two applications of the OTCE score including source model selection and multi-source feature fusion.      
### 71.Deep Learning with robustness to missing data: A novel approach to the detection of COVID-19  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13833.pdf)
>  In the context of the current global pandemic and the limitations of the RT-PCR test, we propose a novel deep learning architecture, DFCN, (Denoising Fully Connected Network) for the detection of COVID-19 using laboratory tests and chest x-rays. Since medical facilities around the world differ enormously in what laboratory tests or chest imaging may be available, DFCN is designed to be robust to missing input data. An ablation study extensively evaluates the performance benefits of the DFCN architecture as well as its robustness to missing inputs. Data from 1088 patients with confirmed RT-PCR results are obtained from two independent medical facilities. The data collected includes results from 27 laboratory tests and a chest x-ray scored by a deep learning network. Training and test datasets are defined based on the source medical facility. Data is made publicly available. The performance of DFCN in predicting the RT-PCR result is compared with 3 related architectures as well as a Random Forest baseline. All models are trained with varying levels of masked input data to encourage robustness to missing inputs. Missing data is simulated at test time by masking inputs randomly. Using area under the receiver operating curve (AUC) as a metric, DFCN outperforms all other models with statistical significance using random subsets of input data with 2-27 available inputs. When all 28 inputs are available DFCN obtains an AUC of 0.924, higher than achieved by any other model. Furthermore, with clinically meaningful subsets of parameters consisting of just 6 and 7 inputs respectively, DFCN also achieves higher AUCs than any other model, with values of 0.909 and 0.919.      
### 72.RA-BNN: Constructing Robust &amp; Accurate Binary Neural Network to Simultaneously Defend Adversarial Bit-Flip Attack and Improve Accuracy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13813.pdf)
>  Recently developed adversarial weight attack, a.k.a. bit-flip attack (BFA), has shown enormous success in compromising Deep Neural Network (DNN) performance with an extremely small amount of model parameter perturbation. To defend against this threat, we propose RA-BNN that adopts a complete binary (i.e., for both weights and activation) neural network (BNN) to significantly improve DNN model robustness (defined as the number of bit-flips required to degrade the accuracy to as low as a random guess). However, such an aggressive low bit-width model suffers from poor clean (i.e., no attack) inference accuracy. To counter this, we propose a novel and efficient two-stage network growing method, named Early-Growth. It selectively grows the channel size of each BNN layer based on channel-wise binary masks training with Gumbel-Sigmoid function. Apart from recovering the inference accuracy, our RA-BNN after growing also shows significantly higher resistance to BFA. Our evaluation of the CIFAR-10 dataset shows that the proposed RA-BNN can improve the clean model accuracy by ~2-8 %, compared with a baseline BNN, while simultaneously improving the resistance to BFA by more than 125 x. Moreover, on ImageNet, with a sufficiently large (e.g., 5,000) amount of bit-flips, the baseline BNN accuracy drops to 4.3 % from 51.9 %, while our RA-BNN accuracy only drops to 37.1 % from 60.9 % (9 % clean accuracy improvement).      
### 73.3D3L: Deep Learned 3D Keypoint Detection and Description for LiDARs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13808.pdf)
>  With the advent of powerful, light-weight 3D LiDARs, they have become the hearth of many navigation and SLAM algorithms on various autonomous systems. Pointcloud registration methods working with unstructured pointclouds such as ICP are often computationally expensive or require a good initial guess. Furthermore, 3D feature-based registration methods have never quite reached the robustness of 2D methods in visual SLAM. With the continuously increasing resolution of LiDAR range images, these 2D methods not only become applicable but should exploit the illumination-independent modalities that come with it, such as depth and intensity. In visual SLAM, deep learned 2D features and descriptors perform exceptionally well compared to traditional methods. In this publication, we use a state-of-the-art 2D feature network as a basis for 3D3L, exploiting both intensity and depth of LiDAR range images to extract powerful 3D features. Our results show that these keypoints and descriptors extracted from LiDAR scan images outperform state-of-the-art on different benchmark metrics and allow for robust scan-to-scan alignment as well as global localization.      
### 74.ECINN: Efficient Counterfactuals from Invertible Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13701.pdf)
>  Counterfactual examples identify how inputs can be altered to change the predicted class of a classifier, thus opening up the black-box nature of, e.g., deep neural networks. We propose a method, ECINN, that utilizes the generative capacities of invertible neural networks for image classification to generate counterfactual examples efficiently. In contrast to competing methods that sometimes need a thousand evaluations or more of the classifier, ECINN has a closed-form expression and generates a counterfactual in the time of only two evaluations. Arguably, the main challenge of generating counterfactual examples is to alter only input features that affect the predicted outcome, i.e., class-dependent features. Our experiments demonstrate how ECINN alters class-dependent image regions to change the perceptual and predicted class of the counterfactuals. Additionally, we extend ECINN to also produce heatmaps (ECINNh) for easy inspection of, e.g., pairwise class-dependent changes in the generated counterfactual examples. Experimentally, we find that ECINNh outperforms established methods that generate heatmap-based explanations.      
### 75.MCTSteg: A Monte Carlo Tree Search-based Reinforcement Learning Framework for Universal Non-additive Steganography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13689.pdf)
>  Recent research has shown that non-additive image steganographic frameworks effectively improve security performance through adjusting distortion distribution. However, as far as we know, all of the existing non-additive proposals are based on handcrafted policies, and can only be applied to a specific image domain, which heavily prevent non-additive steganography from releasing its full potentiality. In this paper, we propose an automatic non-additive steganographic distortion learning framework called MCTSteg to remove the above restrictions. Guided by the reinforcement learning paradigm, we combine Monte Carlo Tree Search (MCTS) and steganalyzer-based environmental model to build MCTSteg. MCTS makes sequential decisions to adjust distortion distribution without human intervention. Our proposed environmental model is used to obtain feedbacks from each decision. Due to its self-learning characteristic and domain-independent reward function, MCTSteg has become the first reported universal non-additive steganographic framework which can work in both spatial and JPEG domains. Extensive experimental results show that MCTSteg can effectively withstand the detection of both hand-crafted feature-based and deep-learning-based steganalyzers. In both spatial and JPEG domains, the security performance of MCTSteg steadily outperforms the state of the art by a clear margin under different scenarios.      
### 76.Explainability Guided Multi-Site COVID-19 CT Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13677.pdf)
>  Radiologist examination of chest CT is an effective way for screening COVID-19 cases. In this work, we overcome three challenges in the automation of this process: (i) the limited number of supervised positive cases, (ii) the lack of region-based supervision, and (iii) the variability across acquisition sites. These challenges are met by incorporating a recent augmentation solution called SnapMix, by a new patch embedding technique, and by performing a test-time stability analysis. The three techniques are complementary and are all based on utilizing the heatmaps produced by the Class Activation Mapping (CAM) explainability method. Compared to the current state of the art, we obtain an increase of five percent in the F1 score on a site with a relatively high number of cases, and a gap twice as large for a site with much fewer training images.      
### 77.Frame-rate Up-conversion Detection Based on Convolutional Neural Network for Learning Spatiotemporal Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13674.pdf)
>  With the advance in user-friendly and powerful video editing tools, anyone can easily manipulate videos without leaving prominent visual traces. Frame-rate up-conversion (FRUC), a representative temporal-domain operation, increases the motion continuity of videos with a lower frame-rate and is used by malicious counterfeiters in video tampering such as generating fake frame-rate video without improving the quality or mixing temporally spliced videos. FRUC is based on frame interpolation schemes and subtle artifacts that remain in interpolated frames are often difficult to distinguish. Hence, detecting such forgery traces is a critical issue in video forensics. This paper proposes a frame-rate conversion detection network (FCDNet) that learns forensic features caused by FRUC in an end-to-end fashion. The proposed network uses a stack of consecutive frames as the input and effectively learns interpolation artifacts using network blocks to learn spatiotemporal features. This study is the first attempt to apply a neural network to the detection of FRUC. Moreover, it can cover the following three types of frame interpolation schemes: nearest neighbor interpolation, bilinear interpolation, and motion-compensated interpolation. In contrast to existing methods that exploit all frames to verify integrity, the proposed approach achieves a high detection speed because it observes only six frames to test its authenticity. Extensive experiments were conducted with conventional forensic methods and neural networks for video forensic tasks to validate our research. The proposed network achieved state-of-the-art performance in terms of detecting the interpolated artifacts of FRUC. The experimental results also demonstrate that our trained model is robust for an unseen dataset, unlearned frame-rate, and unlearned quality factor.      
### 78.Closing the Loop: Joint Rain Generation and Removal via Disentangled Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13660.pdf)
>  Existing deep learning-based image deraining methods have achieved promising performance for synthetic rainy images, typically rely on the pairs of sharp images and simulated rainy counterparts. However, these methods suffer from significant performance drop when facing the real rain, because of the huge gap between the simplified synthetic rain and the complex real rain. In this work, we argue that the rain generation and removal are the two sides of the same coin and should be tightly coupled. To close the loop, we propose to jointly learn real rain generation and removal procedure within a unified disentangled image translation framework. Specifically, we propose a bidirectional disentangled translation network, in which each unidirectional network contains two loops of joint rain generation and removal for both the real and synthetic rain image, respectively. Meanwhile, we enforce the disentanglement strategy by decomposing the rainy image into a clean background and rain layer (rain removal), in order to better preserve the identity background via both the cycle-consistency loss and adversarial loss, and ease the rain layer translating between the real and synthetic rainy image. A counterpart composition with the entanglement strategy is symmetrically applied for rain generation. Extensive experiments on synthetic and real-world rain datasets show the superiority of proposed method compared to state-of-the-arts.      
### 79.Contextual Information Enhanced Convolutional Neural Networks for Retinal Vessel Segmentation in Color Fundus Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13622.pdf)
>  Accurate retinal vessel segmentation is a challenging problem in color fundus image analysis. An automatic retinal vessel segmentation system can effectively facilitate clinical diagnosis and ophthalmological research. Technically, this problem suffers from various degrees of vessel thickness, perception of details, and contextual feature fusion. For addressing these challenges, a deep learning based method has been proposed and several customized modules have been integrated into the well-known encoder-decoder architecture U-net, which is mainly employed in medical image segmentation. Structurally, cascaded dilated convolutional modules have been integrated into the intermediate layers, for obtaining larger receptive field and generating denser encoded feature maps. Also, the advantages of the pyramid module with spatial continuity have been taken, for multi-thickness perception, detail refinement, and contextual feature fusion. Additionally, the effectiveness of different normalization approaches has been discussed in network training for different datasets with specific properties. Experimentally, sufficient comparative experiments have been enforced on three retinal vessel segmentation datasets, DRIVE, CHASEDB1, and the unhealthy dataset STARE. As a result, the proposed method outperforms the work of predecessors and achieves state-of-the-art performance in Sensitivity/Recall, F1-score and MCC.      
### 80.Recent Advances in Large Margin Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13598.pdf)
>  This paper serves as a survey of recent advances in large margin training and its theoretical foundations, mostly for (nonlinear) deep neural networks (DNNs) that are probably the most prominent machine learning models for large-scale data in the community over the past decade. We generalize the formulation of classification margins from classical research to latest DNNs, summarize theoretical connections between the margin, network generalization, and robustness, and introduce recent efforts in enlarging the margins for DNNs comprehensively. Since the viewpoint of different methods is discrepant, we categorize them into groups for ease of comparison and discussion in the paper. Hopefully, our discussions and overview inspire new research work in the community that aim to improve the performance of DNNs, and we also point to directions where the large margin principle can be verified to provide theoretical evidence why certain regularizations for DNNs function well in practice. We managed to shorten the paper such that the crucial spirit of large margin learning and related methods are better emphasized.      
### 81.Artificial Intelligence in Tumor Subregion Analysis Based on Medical Imaging: A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13588.pdf)
>  Medical imaging is widely used in cancer diagnosis and treatment, and artificial intelligence (AI) has achieved tremendous success in various tasks of medical image analysis. This paper reviews AI-based tumor subregion analysis in medical imaging. We summarize the latest AI-based methods for tumor subregion analysis and their applications. Specifically, we categorize the AI-based methods by training strategy: supervised and unsupervised. A detailed review of each category is presented, highlighting important contributions and achievements. Specific challenges and potential AI applications in tumor subregion analysis are discussed.      
### 82.Efficient Feature Transformations for Discriminative and Generative Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13558.pdf)
>  As neural networks are increasingly being applied to real-world applications, mechanisms to address distributional shift and sequential task learning without forgetting are critical. Methods incorporating network expansion have shown promise by naturally adding model capacity for learning new tasks while simultaneously avoiding catastrophic forgetting. However, the growth in the number of additional parameters of many of these types of methods can be computationally expensive at larger scales, at times prohibitively so. Instead, we propose a simple task-specific feature map transformation strategy for continual learning, which we call Efficient Feature Transformations (EFTs). These EFTs provide powerful flexibility for learning new tasks, achieved with minimal parameters added to the base architecture. We further propose a feature distance maximization strategy, which significantly improves task prediction in class incremental settings, without needing expensive generative models. We demonstrate the efficacy and efficiency of our method with an extensive set of experiments in discriminative (CIFAR-100 and ImageNet-1K) and generative (LSUN, CUB-200, Cats) sequences of tasks. Even with low single-digit parameter growth rates, EFTs can outperform many other continual learning methods in a wide range of settings.      
### 83.Task-Oriented Low-Dose CT Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13557.pdf)
>  The extensive use of medical CT has raised a public concern over the radiation dose to the patient. Reducing the radiation dose leads to increased CT image noise and artifacts, which can adversely affect not only the radiologists judgement but also the performance of downstream medical image analysis tasks. Various low-dose CT denoising methods, especially the recent deep learning based approaches, have produced impressive results. However, the existing denoising methods are all downstream-task-agnostic and neglect the diverse needs of the downstream applications. In this paper, we introduce a novel Task-Oriented Denoising Network (TOD-Net) with a task-oriented loss leveraging knowledge from the downstream tasks. Comprehensive empirical analysis shows that the task-oriented loss complements other task agnostic losses by steering the denoiser to enhance the image quality in the task related regions of interest. Such enhancement in turn brings general boosts on the performance of various methods for the downstream task. The presented work may shed light on the future development of context-aware image denoising methods.      
### 84.Projection: A Mechanism for Human-like Reasoning in Artificial Intelligence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13512.pdf)
>  Artificial Intelligence systems cannot yet match human abilities to apply knowledge to situations that vary from what they have been programmed for, or trained for. In visual object recognition methods of inference exploiting top-down information (from a model) have been shown to be effective for recognising entities in difficult conditions. Here this type of inference, called `projection', is shown to be a key mechanism to solve the problem of applying knowledge to varied or challenging situations, across a range of AI domains, such as vision, robotics, or language. Finally the relevance of projection to tackling the commonsense knowledge problem is discussed.      
### 85.Addressing catastrophic forgetting for medical domain expansion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13511.pdf)
>  Model brittleness is a key concern when deploying deep learning models in real-world medical settings. A model that has high performance at one institution may suffer a significant decline in performance when tested at other institutions. While pooling datasets from multiple institutions and retraining may provide a straightforward solution, it is often infeasible and may compromise patient privacy. An alternative approach is to fine-tune the model on subsequent institutions after training on the original institution. Notably, this approach degrades model performance at the original institution, a phenomenon known as catastrophic forgetting. In this paper, we develop an approach to address catastrophic forget-ting based on elastic weight consolidation combined with modulation of batch normalization statistics under two scenarios: first, for expanding the domain from one imaging system's data to another imaging system's, and second, for expanding the domain from a large multi-institutional dataset to another single institution dataset. We show that our approach outperforms several other state-of-the-art approaches and provide theoretical justification for the efficacy of batch normalization modulation. The results of this study are generally applicable to the deployment of any clinical deep learning model which requires domain expansion.      
### 86.3D Reasoning for Unsupervised Anomaly Detection in Pediatric WbMRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13497.pdf)
>  Modern deep unsupervised learning methods have shown great promise for detecting diseases across a variety of medical imaging modalities. While previous generative modeling approaches successfully perform anomaly detection by learning the distribution of healthy 2D image slices, they process such slices independently and ignore the fact that they are correlated, all being sampled from a 3D volume. We show that incorporating the 3D context and processing whole-body MRI volumes is beneficial to distinguishing anomalies from their benign counterparts. In our work, we introduce a multi-channel sliding window generative model to perform lesion detection in whole-body MRI (wbMRI). Our experiments demonstrate that our proposed method significantly outperforms processing individual images in isolation and our ablations clearly show the importance of 3D reasoning. Moreover, our work also shows that it is beneficial to include additional patient-specific features to further improve anomaly detection in pediatric scans.      
### 87.Semi-Supervised Learning for Bone Mineral Density Estimation in Hip X-ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13482.pdf)
>  Bone mineral density (BMD) is a clinically critical indicator of osteoporosis, usually measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DEXA). Due to the limited accessibility of DEXA machines and examinations, osteoporosis is often under-diagnosed and under-treated, leading to increased fragility fracture risks. Thus it is highly desirable to obtain BMDs with alternative cost-effective and more accessible medical imaging examinations such as X-ray plain films. In this work, we formulate the BMD estimation from plain hip X-ray images as a regression problem. Specifically, we propose a new semi-supervised self-training algorithm to train the BMD regression model using images coupled with DEXA measured BMDs and unlabeled images with pseudo BMDs. Pseudo BMDs are generated and refined iteratively for unlabeled images during self-training. We also present a novel adaptive triplet loss to improve the model's regression accuracy. On an in-house dataset of 1,090 images (819 unique patients), our BMD estimation method achieves a high Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.8805 to ground-truth BMDs. It offers good feasibility to use the more accessible and cheaper X-ray imaging for opportunistic osteoporosis screening.      
### 88.A Survey of Multimedia Technologies and Robust Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13477.pdf)
>  Multimedia technologies are now more practical and deployable in real life, and the algorithms are widely used in various researching areas such as deep learning, signal processing, haptics, computer vision, robotics, and medical multimedia processing. This survey provides an overview of multimedia technologies and robust algorithms in multimedia data processing, medical multimedia processing, human facial expression tracking and pose recognition, and multimedia in education and training. This survey will also analyze and propose a future research direction based on the overview of current robust algorithms and multimedia technologies. We want to thank the research and previous work done by the Multimedia Research Centre (MRC), the University of Alberta, which is the inspiration and starting point for future research.      
### 89.A Framework for 3D Tracking of Frontal Dynamic Objects in Autonomous Cars  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13430.pdf)
>  Both recognition and 3D tracking of frontal dynamic objects are crucial problems in an autonomous vehicle, while depth estimation as an essential issue becomes a challenging problem using a monocular camera. Since both camera and objects are moving, the issue can be formed as a structure from motion (SFM) problem. In this paper, to elicit features from an image, the YOLOv3 approach is utilized beside an OpenCV tracker. Subsequently, to obtain the lateral and longitudinal distances, a nonlinear SFM model is considered alongside a state-dependent Riccati equation (SDRE) filter and a newly developed observation model. Additionally, a switching method in the form of switching estimation error covariance is proposed to enhance the robust performance of the SDRE filter. The stability analysis of the presented filter is conducted on a class of discrete nonlinear systems. Furthermore, the ultimate bound of estimation error caused by model uncertainties is analytically obtained to investigate the switching significance. Simulations are reported to validate the performance of the switched SDRE filter. Finally, real-time experiments are performed through a multi-thread framework implemented on a Jetson TX2 board, while radar data is used for the evaluation.      
