# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 19 Nov 2020
### 1.Adversarial collision attacks on image hashing functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09473.pdf)
>  Hashing images with a perceptual algorithm is a common approach to solving duplicate image detection problems. However, perceptual image hashing algorithms are differentiable, and are thus vulnerable to gradient-based adversarial attacks. We demonstrate that not only is it possible to modify an image to produce an unrelated hash, but an exact image hash collision between a source and target image can be produced via minuscule adversarial perturbations. In a white box setting, these collisions can be replicated across nearly every image pair and hash type (including both deep and non-learned hashes). Furthermore, by attacking points other than the output of a hashing function, an attacker can avoid having to know the details of a particular algorithm, resulting in collisions that transfer across different hash sizes or model architectures. Using these techniques, an adversary can poison the image lookup table of a duplicate image detection service, resulting in undefined or unwanted behavior. Finally, we offer several potential mitigations to gradient-based image hash attacks.      
### 2.Fast Motion Understanding with Spatiotemporal Neural Networks and Dynamic Vision Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09427.pdf)
>  This paper presents a Dynamic Vision Sensor (DVS) based system for reasoning about high speed motion. As a representative scenario, we consider the case of a robot at rest reacting to a small, fast approaching object at speeds higher than 15m/s. Since conventional image sensors at typical frame rates observe such an object for only a few frames, estimating the underlying motion presents a considerable challenge for standard computer vision systems and algorithms. In this paper we present a method motivated by how animals such as insects solve this problem with their relatively simple vision systems. <br>Our solution takes the event stream from a DVS and first encodes the temporal events with a set of causal exponential filters across multiple time scales. We couple these filters with a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) to efficiently extract relevant spatiotemporal features. The combined network learns to output both the expected time to collision of the object, as well as the predicted collision point on a discretized polar grid. These critical estimates are computed with minimal delay by the network in order to react appropriately to the incoming object. We highlight the results of our system to a toy dart moving at 23.4m/s with a 24.73° error in ${\theta}$, 18.4mm average discretized radius prediction error, and 25.03% median time to collision prediction error.      
### 3.Convolutional Autoencoder for Blind Hyperspectral Image Unmixing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09420.pdf)
>  In the remote sensing context spectral unmixing is a technique to decompose a mixed pixel into two fundamental representatives: endmembers and abundances. In this paper, a novel architecture is proposed to perform blind unmixing on hyperspectral images. The proposed architecture consists of convolutional layers followed by an autoencoder. The encoder transforms the feature space produced through convolutional layers to a latent space representation. Then, from these latent characteristics the decoder reconstructs the roll-out image of the monochrome image which is at the input of the architecture; and each single-band image is fed sequentially. Experimental results on real hyperspectral data concludes that the proposed algorithm outperforms existing unmixing methods at abundance estimation and generates competitive results for endmember extraction with RMSE and SAD as the metrics, respectively.      
### 4.Attentional Separation-and-Aggregation Network for Self-supervised Depth-Pose Learning in Dynamic Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09369.pdf)
>  Learning depth and ego-motion from unlabeled videos via self-supervision from epipolar projection can improve the robustness and accuracy of the 3D perception and localization of vision-based robots. However, the rigid projection computed by ego-motion cannot represent all scene points, such as points on moving objects, leading to false guidance in these regions. To address this problem, we propose an Attentional Separation-and-Aggregation Network (ASANet), which can learn to distinguish and extract the scene's static and dynamic characteristics via the attention mechanism. We further propose a novel MotionNet with an ASANet as the encoder, followed by two separate decoders, to estimate the camera's ego-motion and the scene's dynamic motion field. Then, we introduce an auto-selecting approach to detect the moving objects for dynamic-aware learning automatically. Empirical experiments demonstrate that our method can achieve the state-of-the-art performance on the KITTI benchmark.      
### 5.Online Exemplar Fine-Tuning for Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09330.pdf)
>  Existing techniques to solve exemplar-based image-to-image translation within deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) generally require a training phase to optimize the network parameters on domain-specific and task-specific benchmarks, thus having limited applicability and generalization ability. In this paper, we propose a novel framework, for the first time, to solve exemplar-based translation through an online optimization given an input image pair, called online exemplar fine-tuning (OEFT), in which we fine-tune the off-the-shelf and general-purpose networks to the input image pair themselves. We design two sub-networks, namely correspondence fine-tuning and multiple GAN inversion, and optimize these network parameters and latent codes, starting from the pre-trained ones, with well-defined loss functions. Our framework does not require the off-line training phase, which has been the main challenge of existing methods, but the pre-trained networks to enable optimization in online. Experimental results prove that our framework is effective in having a generalization power to unseen image pairs and clearly even outperforms the state-of-the-arts needing the intensive training phase.      
### 6.End-to-End Object Detection with Adaptive Clustering Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09315.pdf)
>  End-to-end Object Detection with Transformer (DETR)proposes to perform object detection with Transformer and achieve comparable performance with two-stage object detection like Faster-RCNN. However, DETR needs huge computational resources for training and inference due to the high-resolution spatial input. In this paper, a novel variant of transformer named Adaptive Clustering Transformer(ACT) has been proposed to reduce the computation cost for high-resolution input. ACT cluster the query features adaptively using Locality Sensitive Hashing (LSH) and ap-proximate the query-key interaction using the prototype-key interaction. ACT can reduce the quadratic O(N2) complexity inside self-attention into O(NK) where K is the number of prototypes in each layer. ACT can be a drop-in module replacing the original self-attention module without any training. ACT achieves a good balance between accuracy and computation cost (FLOPs). The code is available as supplementary for the ease of experiment replication and verification.      
### 7.Explicitly Learning Topology for Differentiable Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09300.pdf)
>  Differentiable neural architecture search (DARTS) has gained much success in discovering more flexible and diverse cell types. Current methods couple the operations and topology during search, and simply derive optimal topology by a hand-craft rule. However, topology also matters for neural architectures since it controls the interactions between features of operations. In this paper, we highlight the topology learning in differentiable NAS, and propose an explicit topology modeling method, named TopoNAS, to directly decouple the operation selection and topology during search. Concretely, we introduce a set of topological variables and a combinatorial probabilistic distribution to explicitly indicate the target topology. Besides, we also leverage a passive-aggressive regularization to suppress invalid topology within supernet. Our introduced topological variables can be jointly learned with operation variables and supernet weights, and apply to various DARTS variants. Extensive experiments on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet validate the effectiveness of our proposed TopoNAS. The results show that TopoNAS does enable to search cells with more diverse and complex topology, and boost the performance significantly. For example, TopoNAS can improve DARTS by 0.16\% accuracy on CIFAR-10 dataset with 40\% parameters reduced or 0.35\% with similar parameters.      
### 8.Continuous Emotion Recognition with Spatiotemporal Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09280.pdf)
>  The attention in affect computing and emotion recognition has increased in the last decade. Facial expressions are one of the most powerful ways for depicting specific patterns in human behavior and describing human emotional state. Nevertheless, even for humans, identifying facial expressions is difficult, and automatic video-based systems for facial expression recognition (FER) have often suffered from variations in expressions among individuals, and from a lack of diverse and cross-culture training datasets. However, with video sequences captured in-the-wild and more complex emotion representation such as dimensional models, deep FER systems have the ability to learn more discriminative feature representations. In this paper, we present a survey of the state-of-the-art approaches based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for long video sequences recorded with in-the-wild settings, by considering the continuous emotion space of valence and arousal. Since few studies have used 3D-CNN for FER systems and dimensional representation of emotions, we propose an inflated 3D-CNN architecture, allowing for weight inflation of pre-trained 2D-CNN model, in order to operate the essential transfer learning for our video-based application. As a baseline, we also considered a 2D-CNN architecture cascaded network with a long short term memory network, therefore we could finally conclude with a model comparison over two approaches for spatiotemporal representation of facial features and performing the regression of valence/arousal values for emotion prediction. The experimental results on RAF-DB and SEWA-DB datasets have shown that these fine-tuned architectures allow to effectively encode the spatiotemporal information from raw pixel images, and achieved far better results than the current state-of-the-art.      
### 9.A Multi-class Approach -- Building a Visual Classifier based on Textual Descriptions using Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09236.pdf)
>  Machine Learning (ML) techniques for image classification routinely require many labelled images for training the model and while testing, we ought to use images belonging to the same domain as those used for training. In this paper, we overcome the two main hurdles of ML, i.e. scarcity of data and constrained prediction of the classification model. We do this by introducing a visual classifier which uses a concept of transfer learning, namely Zero-Shot Learning (ZSL), and standard Natural Language Processing techniques. We train a classifier by mapping labelled images to their textual description instead of training it for specific classes. Transfer learning involves transferring knowledge across domains that are similar. ZSL intelligently applies the knowledge learned while training for future recognition tasks. ZSL differentiates classes as two types: seen and unseen classes. Seen classes are the classes upon which we have trained our model and unseen classes are the classes upon which we test our model. The examples from unseen classes have not been encountered in the training phase. Earlier research in this domain focused on developing a binary classifier but, in this paper, we present a multi-class classifier with a Zero-Shot Learning approach.      
### 10.FixBi: Bridging Domain Spaces for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09230.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) methods for learning domain invariant representations have achieved remarkable progress. However, few studies have been conducted on the case of large domain discrepancies between a source and a target domain. In this paper, we propose a UDA method that effectively handles such large domain discrepancies. We introduce a fixed ratio-based mixup to augment multiple intermediate domains between the source and target domain. From the augmented-domains, we train the source-dominant model and the target-dominant model that have complementary characteristics. Using our confidence-based learning methodologies, e.g., bidirectional matching with high-confidence predictions and self-penalization using low-confidence predictions, the models can learn from each other or from its own results. Through our proposed methods, the models gradually transfer domain knowledge from the source to the target domain. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of our proposed method on three public benchmarks: Office-31, Office-Home, and VisDA-2017.      
### 11.CGAP2: Context and gap aware predictive pose framework for early detection of gestures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09216.pdf)
>  With a growing interest in autonomous vehicles' operation, there is an equally increasing need for efficient anticipatory gesture recognition systems for human-vehicle interaction. Existing gesture-recognition algorithms have been primarily restricted to historical data. In this paper, we propose a novel context and gap aware pose prediction framework(CGAP2), which predicts future pose data for anticipatory recognition of gestures in an online fashion. CGAP2 implements an encoder-decoder architecture paired with a pose prediction module to anticipate future frames followed by a shallow classifier. CGAP2 pose prediction module uses 3D convolutional layers and depends on the number of pose frames supplied, the time difference between each pose frame, and the number of predicted pose frames. The performance of CGAP2 is evaluated on the Human3.6M dataset with the MPJPE metric. For pose prediction of 15 frames in advance, an error of 79.0mm is achieved. The pose prediction module consists of only 26M parameters and can run at 50 FPS on the NVidia RTX Titan. Furthermore, the ablation study indicates supplying higher context information to the pose prediction module can be detrimental for anticipatory recognition. CGAP2 has a 1-second time advantage compared to other gesture recognition systems, which can be crucial for autonomous vehicles.      
### 12.Res-GCNN: A Lightweight Residual Graph Convolutional Neural Networks for Human Trajectory Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09214.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving vehicles (ADVs) hold great hopes to solve traffic congestion problems and reduce the number of traffic accidents. Accurate trajectories prediction of other traffic agents around ADVs is of key importance to achieve safe and efficient driving. Pedestrians, particularly, are more challenging to forecast due to their complex social in-teractions and randomly moving patterns. We propose a Residual Graph Convolutional Neural Network (Res-GCNN), which models the interactive behaviors of pedes-trians by using the adjacent matrix of the constructed graph for the current scene. Though the proposed Res-GCNN is quite lightweight with only about 6.4 kilo parameters which outperforms all other methods in terms of parameters size, our experimental results show an improvement over the state of art by 13.3% on the Final Displacement Error (FDE) which reaches 0.65 meter. As for the Average Dis-placement Error (ADE), we achieve a suboptimal result (the value is 0.37 meter), which is also very competitive. The Res-GCNN is evaluated in the platform with an NVIDIA GeForce RTX1080Ti GPU, and its mean inference time of the whole dataset is only about 2.2 microseconds. Compared with other methods, the proposed method shows strong potential for onboard application accounting for forecasting accuracy and time efficiency. The code will be made publicly available on GitHub.      
### 13.TJU-DHD: A Diverse High-Resolution Dataset for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09170.pdf)
>  Vehicles, pedestrians, and riders are the most important and interesting objects for the perception modules of self-driving vehicles and video surveillance. However, the state-of-the-art performance of detecting such important objects (esp. small objects) is far from satisfying the demand of practical systems. Large-scale, rich-diversity, and high-resolution datasets play an important role in developing better object detection methods to satisfy the demand. Existing public large-scale datasets such as MS COCO collected from websites do not focus on the specific scenarios. Moreover, the popular datasets (e.g., KITTI and Citypersons) collected from the specific scenarios are limited in the number of images and instances, the resolution, and the diversity. To attempt to solve the problem, we build a diverse high-resolution dataset (called TJU-DHD). The dataset contains 115,354 high-resolution images (52% images have a resolution of 1624$\times$1200 pixels and 48% images have a resolution of at least 2,560$\times$1,440 pixels) and 709,330 labeled objects in total with a large variance in scale and appearance. Meanwhile, the dataset has a rich diversity in season variance, illumination variance, and weather variance. In addition, a new diverse pedestrian dataset is further built. With the four different detectors (i.e., the one-stage RetinaNet, anchor-free FCOS, two-stage FPN, and Cascade R-CNN), experiments about object detection and pedestrian detection are conducted. We hope that the newly built dataset can help promote the research on object detection and pedestrian detection in these two scenes. The dataset is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tjubiit/TJU-DHD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.Positive-Congruent Training: Towards Regression-Free Model Updates  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09161.pdf)
>  Reducing inconsistencies in the behavior of different versions of an AI system can be as important in practice as reducing its overall error. In image classification, sample-wise inconsistencies appear as "negative flips:" A new model incorrectly predicts the output for a test sample that was correctly classified by the old (reference) model. Positive-congruent (PC) training aims at reducing error rate while at the same time reducing negative flips, thus maximizing congruency with the reference model only on positive predictions, unlike model distillation. We propose a simple approach for PC training, Focal Distillation, which enforces congruence with the reference model by giving more weights to samples that were correctly classified. We also found that, if the reference model itself can be chosen as an ensemble of multiple deep neural networks, negative flips can be further reduced without affecting the new model's accuracy.      
### 15.Privileged Knowledge Distillation for Online Action Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09158.pdf)
>  Online Action Detection (OAD) in videos is proposed as a per-frame labeling task to address the real-time prediction tasks that can only obtain the previous and current video frames. This paper presents a novel learning-with-privileged based framework for online action detection where the future frames only observable at the training stages are considered as a form of privileged information. Knowledge distillation is employed to transfer the privileged information from the offline teacher to the online student. We note that this setting is different from conventional KD because the difference between the teacher and student models mostly lies in input data rather than the network architecture. We propose Privileged Knowledge Distillation (PKD) which (i) schedules a curriculum learning procedure and (ii) inserts auxiliary nodes to the student model, both for shrinking the information gap and improving learning performance. Compared to other OAD methods that explicitly predict future frames, our approach avoids learning unpredictable unnecessary yet inconsistent visual contents and achieves state-of-the-art accuracy on two popular OAD benchmarks, TVSeries and THUMOS14.      
### 16.Dense Contrastive Learning for Self-Supervised Visual Pre-Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09157.pdf)
>  To date, most existing self-supervised learning methods are designed and optimized for image classification. These pre-trained models can be sub-optimal for dense prediction tasks due to the discrepancy between image-level prediction and pixel-level prediction. To fill this gap, we aim to design an effective, dense self-supervised learning method that directly works at the level of pixels (or local features) by taking into account the correspondence between local features. We present dense contrastive learning, which implements self-supervised learning by optimizing a pairwise contrastive (dis)similarity loss at the pixel level between two views of input images. Compared to the baseline method MoCo-v2, our method introduces negligible computation overhead (only &lt;1% slower), but demonstrates consistently superior performance when transferring to downstream dense prediction tasks including object detection, semantic segmentation and instance segmentation; and outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by a large margin. Specifically, over the strong MoCo-v2 baseline, our method achieves significant improvements of 2.0% AP on PASCAL VOC object detection, 1.1% AP on COCO object detection, 0.9% AP on COCO instance segmentation, 3.0% mIoU on PASCAL VOC semantic segmentation and 1.8% mIoU on Cityscapes semantic segmentation. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/AdelaiDet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 17.RSINet: Rotation-Scale Invariant Network for Online Visual Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09153.pdf)
>  Most Siamese network-based trackers perform the tracking process without model update, and cannot learn targetspecific variation adaptively. Moreover, Siamese-based trackers infer the new state of tracked objects by generating axis-aligned bounding boxes, which contain extra background noise, and are unable to accurately estimate the rotation and scale transformation of moving objects, thus potentially reducing tracking performance. In this paper, we propose a novel Rotation-Scale Invariant Network (RSINet) to address the above problem. Our RSINet tracker consists of a target-distractor discrimination branch and a rotation-scale estimation branch, the rotation and scale knowledge can be explicitly learned by a multi-task learning method in an end-to-end manner. In addtion, the tracking model is adaptively optimized and updated under spatio-temporal energy control, which ensures model stability and reliability, as well as high tracking efficiency. Comprehensive experiments on OTB-100, VOT2018, and LaSOT benchmarks demonstrate that our proposed RSINet tracker yields new state-of-the-art performance compared with recent trackers, while running at real-time speed about 45 FPS.      
### 18.DeepNAG: Deep Non-Adversarial Gesture Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09149.pdf)
>  Synthetic data generation to improve classification performance (data augmentation) is a well-studied problem. Recently, generative adversarial networks (GAN) have shown superior image data augmentation performance, but their suitability in gesture synthesis has received inadequate attention. Further, GANs prohibitively require simultaneous generator and discriminator network training. We tackle both issues in this work. We first discuss a novel, device-agnostic GAN model for gesture synthesis called DeepGAN. Thereafter, we formulate DeepNAG by introducing a new differentiable loss function based on dynamic time warping and the average Hausdorff distance, which allows us to train DeepGAN's generator without requiring a discriminator. Through evaluations, we compare the utility of DeepGAN and DeepNAG against two alternative techniques for training five recognizers using data augmentation over six datasets. We further investigate the perceived quality of synthesized samples via an Amazon Mechanical Turk user study based on the HYPE benchmark. We find that DeepNAG outperforms DeepGAN in accuracy, training time (up to 17x faster), and realism, thereby opening the door to a new line of research in generator network design and training for gesture synthesis. Our source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.deepnag.com" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Semantic Scene Completion using Local Deep Implicit Functions on LiDAR Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09141.pdf)
>  Semantic scene completion is the task of jointly estimating 3D geometry and semantics of objects and surfaces within a given extent. This is a particularly challenging task on real-world data that is sparse and occluded. We propose a scene segmentation network based on local Deep Implicit Functions as a novel learning-based method for scene completion. Unlike previous work on scene completion, our method produces a continuous scene representation that is not based on voxelization. We encode raw point clouds into a latent space locally and at multiple spatial resolutions. A global scene completion function is subsequently assembled from the localized function patches. We show that this continuous representation is suitable to encode geometric and semantic properties of extensive outdoor scenes without the need for spatial discretization (thus avoiding the trade-off between level of scene detail and the scene extent that can be covered). <br>We train and evaluate our method on semantically annotated LiDAR scans from the Semantic KITTI dataset. Our experiments verify that our method generates a powerful representation that can be decoded into a dense 3D description of a given scene. The performance of our method surpasses the state of the art on the Semantic KITTI Scene Completion Benchmark in terms of both geometric and semantic completion Intersection-over-Union (IoU).      
### 20.Multigrid-in-Channels Neural Network Architectures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09128.pdf)
>  We present a multigrid-in-channels (MGIC) approach that tackles the quadratic growth of the number of parameters with respect to the number of channels in standard convolutional neural networks (CNNs). It has been shown that there is a redundancy in standard CNNs, as networks with light or sparse convolution operators yield similar performance to full networks. However, the number of parameters in the former networks also scales quadratically in width, while in the latter case, the parameters typically have random sparsity patterns, hampering hardware efficiency.Our approach for building CNN architectures scales linearly with respect to the network's width while retaining full coupling of the channels as in standard <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://CNNs.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this end, we replace each convolution block with its MGIC block utilizing a hierarchy of lightweight convolutions. Our extensive experiments on image classification, segmentation, and point cloud classification show that applying this strategy to different architectures like ResNet and MobileNetV3 considerably reduces the number of parameters while obtaining similar or better accuracy. For example, we obtain 76.1% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet with a lightweight network with similar parameters and FLOPs to MobileNetV3.      
### 21.3D-FRONT: 3D Furnished Rooms with layOuts and semaNTics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09127.pdf)
>  We introduce 3D-FRONT (3D Furnished Rooms with layOuts and semaNTics), a new, large-scale, and comprehensive repository of synthetic indoor scenes highlighted by professionally designed layouts and a large number of rooms populated by high-quality textured 3D models with style compatibility. From layout semantics down to texture details of individual objects, our dataset is freely available to the academic community and beyond. Currently, 3D-FRONT contains 18,797 rooms diversely furnished by 3D objects, far surpassing all publicly available scene datasets. In addition, the 7,302 furniture objects all come with high-quality textures. While the floorplans and layout designs are directly sourced from professional creations, the interior designs in terms of furniture styles, color, and textures have been carefully curated based on a recommender system we develop to attain consistent styles as expert designs. Furthermore, we release Trescope, a light-weight rendering tool, to support benchmark rendering of 2D images and annotations from 3D-FRONT. We demonstrate two applications, interior scene synthesis and texture synthesis, that are especially tailored to the strengths of our new dataset. The project page is at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://tianchi.aliyun.com/specials/promotion/alibaba-3d-scene-dataset" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.Adversarial Profiles: Detecting Out-Distribution &amp; Adversarial Samples in Pre-trained CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09123.pdf)
>  Despite high accuracy of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), they are vulnerable to adversarial and out-distribution examples. There are many proposed methods that tend to detect or make CNNs robust against these fooling examples. However, most such methods need access to a wide range of fooling examples to retrain the network or to tune detection parameters. Here, we propose a method to detect adversarial and out-distribution examples against a pre-trained CNN without needing to retrain the CNN or needing access to a wide variety of fooling examples. To this end, we create adversarial profiles for each class using only one adversarial attack generation technique. We then wrap a detector around the pre-trained CNN that applies the created adversarial profile to each input and uses the output to decide whether or not the input is legitimate. Our initial evaluation of this approach using MNIST dataset show that adversarial profile based detection is effective in detecting at least 92 of out-distribution examples and 59% of adversarial examples.      
### 23.Dehazing Cost Volume for Deep Multi-view Stereo in Scattering Media with Airlight and Scattering Coefficient Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09114.pdf)
>  We propose a learning-based multi-view stereo (MVS) method in scattering media, such as fog or smoke, with a novel cost volume, called the dehazing cost volume. Images captured in scattering media are degraded due to light scattering and attenuation caused by suspended particles. This degradation depends on scene depth; thus, it is difficult for traditional MVS methods to evaluate photometric consistency because the depth is unknown before three-dimensional (3D) reconstruction. The dehazing cost volume can solve this chicken-and-egg problem of depth estimation and image restoration by computing the scattering effect using swept planes in the cost volume. We also propose a method of estimating scattering parameters, such as airlight, and a scattering coefficient, which are required for our dehazing cost volume. The output depth of a network with our dehazing cost volume can be regarded as a function of these parameters; thus, they are geometrically optimized with a sparse 3D point cloud obtained at a structure-from-motion step. Experimental results on synthesized hazy images indicate the effectiveness of our dehazing cost volume against the ordinary cost volume regarding scattering media. We also demonstrated the applicability of our dehazing cost volume to real foggy scenes.      
### 24.Masked Linear Regression for Learning Local Receptive Fields for Facial Expression Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09104.pdf)
>  Compared to facial expression recognition, expression synthesis requires a very high-dimensional mapping. This problem exacerbates with increasing image sizes and limits existing expression synthesis approaches to relatively small images. We observe that facial expressions often constitute sparsely distributed and locally correlated changes from one expression to another. By exploiting this observation, the number of parameters in an expression synthesis model can be significantly reduced. Therefore, we propose a constrained version of ridge regression that exploits the local and sparse structure of facial expressions. We consider this model as masked regression for learning local receptive fields. In contrast to the existing approaches, our proposed model can be efficiently trained on larger image sizes. Experiments using three publicly available datasets demonstrate that our model is significantly better than $\ell_0, \ell_1$ and $\ell_2$-regression, SVD based approaches, and kernelized regression in terms of mean-squared-error, visual quality as well as computational and spatial complexities. The reduction in the number of parameters allows our method to generalize better even after training on smaller datasets. The proposed algorithm is also compared with state-of-the-art GANs including Pix2Pix, CycleGAN, StarGAN and GANimation. These GANs produce photo-realistic results as long as the testing and the training distributions are similar. In contrast, our results demonstrate significant generalization of the proposed algorithm over out-of-dataset human photographs, pencil sketches and even animal faces.      
### 25.Viewpoint-aware Progressive Clustering for Unsupervised Vehicle Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09099.pdf)
>  Vehicle re-identification (Re-ID) is an active task due to its importance in large-scale intelligent monitoring in smart cities. Despite the rapid progress in recent years, most existing methods handle vehicle Re-ID task in a supervised manner, which is both time and labor-consuming and limits their application to real-life scenarios. Recently, unsupervised person Re-ID methods achieve impressive performance by exploring domain adaption or clustering-based techniques. However, one cannot directly generalize these methods to vehicle Re-ID since vehicle images present huge appearance variations in different viewpoints. To handle this problem, we propose a novel viewpoint-aware clustering algorithm for unsupervised vehicle Re-ID. In particular, we first divide the entire feature space into different subspaces according to the predicted viewpoints and then perform a progressive clustering to mine the accurate relationship among samples. Comprehensive experiments against the state-of-the-art methods on two multi-viewpoint benchmark datasets VeRi and VeRi-Wild validate the promising performance of the proposed method in both with and without domain adaption scenarios while handling unsupervised vehicle Re-ID.      
### 26.UP-DETR: Unsupervised Pre-training for Object Detection with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09094.pdf)
>  Object detection with transformers (DETR) reaches competitive performance with Faster R-CNN via a transformer encoder-decoder architecture. Inspired by the great success of pre-training transformers in natural language processing, we propose a pretext task named random query patch detection to unsupervisedly pre-train DETR (UP-DETR) for object detection. Specifically, we randomly crop patches from the given image and then feed them as queries to the decoder. The model is pre-trained to detect these query patches from the original image. During the pre-training, we address two critical issues: multi-task learning and multi-query localization. (1) To trade-off multi-task learning of classification and localization in the pretext task, we freeze the CNN backbone and propose a patch feature reconstruction branch which is jointly optimized with patch detection. (2) To perform multi-query localization, we introduce UP-DETR from single-query patch and extend it to multi-query patches with object query shuffle and attention mask. In our experiments, UP-DETR significantly boosts the performance of DETR with faster convergence and higher precision on PASCAL VOC and COCO datasets. The code will be available soon.      
### 27.MUST-GAN: Multi-level Statistics Transfer for Self-driven Person Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09084.pdf)
>  Pose-guided person image generation usually involves using paired source-target images to supervise the training, which significantly increases the data preparation effort and limits the application of the models. To deal with this problem, we propose a novel multi-level statistics transfer model, which disentangles and transfers multi-level appearance features from person images and merges them with pose features to reconstruct the source person images themselves. So that the source images can be used as supervision for self-driven person image generation. Specifically, our model extracts multi-level features from the appearance encoder and learns the optimal appearance representation through attention mechanism and attributes statistics. Then we transfer them to a pose-guided generator for re-fusion of appearance and pose. Our approach allows for flexible manipulation of person appearance and pose properties to perform pose transfer and clothes style transfer tasks. Experimental results on the DeepFashion dataset demonstrate our method's superiority compared with state-of-the-art supervised and unsupervised methods. In addition, our approach also performs well in the wild.      
### 28.Deep Positional and Relational Feature Learning for Rotation-Invariant Point Cloud Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09080.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a rotation-invariant deep network for point clouds analysis. Point-based deep networks are commonly designed to recognize roughly aligned 3D shapes based on point coordinates, but suffer from performance drops with shape rotations. Some geometric features, e.g., distances and angles of points as inputs of network, are rotation-invariant but lose positional information of points. In this work, we propose a novel deep network for point clouds by incorporating positional information of points as inputs while yielding rotation-invariance. The network is hierarchical and relies on two modules: a positional feature embedding block and a relational feature embedding block. Both modules and the whole network are proven to be rotation-invariant when processing point clouds as input. Experiments show state-of-the-art classification and segmentation performances on benchmark datasets, and ablation studies demonstrate effectiveness of the network design.      
### 29.Shaping Deep Feature Space towards Gaussian Mixture for Visual Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09066.pdf)
>  The softmax cross-entropy loss function has been widely used to train deep models for various tasks. In this work, we propose a Gaussian mixture (GM) loss function for deep neural networks for visual classification. Unlike the softmax cross-entropy loss, our method explicitly shapes the deep feature space towards a Gaussian Mixture distribution. With a classification margin and a likelihood regularization, the GM loss facilitates both high classification performance and accurate modeling of the feature distribution. The GM loss can be readily used to distinguish abnormal inputs, such as the adversarial examples, based on the discrepancy between feature distributions of the inputs and the training set. Furthermore, theoretical analysis shows that a symmetric feature space can be achieved by using the GM loss, which enables the models to perform robustly against adversarial attacks. The proposed model can be implemented easily and efficiently without using extra trainable parameters. Extensive evaluations demonstrate that the proposed method performs favorably not only on image classification but also on robust detection of adversarial examples generated by strong attacks under different threat models.      
### 30.Layer-Wise Data-Free CNN Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09058.pdf)
>  We present an efficient method for compressing a trained neural network without using any data. Our data-free method requires 14x-450x fewer FLOPs than comparable state-of-the-art methods. We break the problem of data-free network compression into a number of independent layer-wise compressions. We show how to efficiently generate layer-wise training data, and how to precondition the network to maintain accuracy during layer-wise compression. We show state-of-the-art performance on MobileNetV1 for data-free low-bit-width quantization. We also show state-of-the-art performance on data-free pruning of EfficientNet B0 when combining our method with end-to-end generative methods.      
### 31.Liquid Warping GAN with Attention: A Unified Framework for Human Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09055.pdf)
>  We tackle human image synthesis, including human motion imitation, appearance transfer, and novel view synthesis, within a unified framework. It means that the model, once being trained, can be used to handle all these tasks. The existing task-specific methods mainly use 2D keypoints to estimate the human body structure. However, they only express the position information with no abilities to characterize the personalized shape of the person and model the limb rotations. In this paper, we propose to use a 3D body mesh recovery module to disentangle the pose and shape. It can not only model the joint location and rotation but also characterize the personalized body shape. To preserve the source information, such as texture, style, color, and face identity, we propose an Attentional Liquid Warping GAN with Attentional Liquid Warping Block (AttLWB) that propagates the source information in both image and feature spaces to the synthesized reference. Specifically, the source features are extracted by a denoising convolutional auto-encoder for characterizing the source identity well. Furthermore, our proposed method can support a more flexible warping from multiple sources. To further improve the generalization ability of the unseen source images, a one/few-shot adversarial learning is applied. In detail, it firstly trains a model in an extensive training set. Then, it finetunes the model by one/few-shot unseen image(s) in a self-supervised way to generate high-resolution (512 x 512 and 1024 x 1024) results. Also, we build a new dataset, namely iPER dataset, for the evaluation of human motion imitation, appearance transfer, and novel view synthesis. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our methods in terms of preserving face identity, shape consistency, and clothes details. All codes and dataset are available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://impersonator.org/work/impersonator-plus-plus.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.Visual Forecasting of Time Series with Image-to-Image Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09052.pdf)
>  Time series forecasting is essential for agents to make decisions in many domains. Existing models rely on classical statistical methods to predict future values based on previously observed numerical information. Yet, practitioners often rely on visualizations such as charts and plots to reason about their predictions. Inspired by the end-users, we re-imagine the topic by creating a framework to produce visual forecasts, similar to the way humans intuitively do. In this work, we take a novel approach by leveraging advances in deep learning to extend the field of time series forecasting to a visual setting. We do this by transforming the numerical analysis problem into the computer vision domain. Using visualizations of time series data as input, we train a convolutional autoencoder to produce corresponding visual forecasts. We examine various synthetic and real datasets with diverse degrees of complexity. Our experiments show that visual forecasting is effective for cyclic data but somewhat less for irregular data such as stock price. Importantly, we find the proposed visual forecasting method to outperform numerical baselines. We attribute the success of the visual forecasting approach to the fact that we convert the continuous numerical regression problem into a discrete domain with quantization of the continuous target signal into pixel space.      
### 33.A Hierarchical Multi-Modal Encoder for Moment Localization in Video Corpus  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09046.pdf)
>  Identifying a short segment in a long video that semantically matches a text query is a challenging task that has important application potentials in language-based video search, browsing, and navigation. Typical retrieval systems respond to a query with either a whole video or a pre-defined video segment, but it is challenging to localize undefined segments in untrimmed and unsegmented videos where exhaustively searching over all possible segments is intractable. The outstanding challenge is that the representation of a video must account for different levels of granularity in the temporal domain. To tackle this problem, we propose the HierArchical Multi-Modal EncodeR (HAMMER) that encodes a video at both the coarse-grained clip level and the fine-grained frame level to extract information at different scales based on multiple subtasks, namely, video retrieval, segment temporal localization, and masked language modeling. We conduct extensive experiments to evaluate our model on moment localization in video corpus on ActivityNet Captions and TVR datasets. Our approach outperforms the previous methods as well as strong baselines, establishing new state-of-the-art for this task.      
### 34.Your "Labrador" is My "Dog": Fine-Grained, or Not  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09040.pdf)
>  Whether what you see in Figure 1 is a "labrador" or a "dog", is the question we ask in this paper. While fine-grained visual classification (FGVC) strives to arrive at the former, for the majority of us non-experts just "dog" would probably suffice. The real question is therefore -- how can we tailor for different fine-grained definitions under divergent levels of expertise. For that, we re-envisage the traditional setting of FGVC, from single-label classification, to that of top-down traversal of a pre-defined coarse-to-fine label hierarchy -- so that our answer becomes "dog"--&gt;"gun dog"--&gt;"retriever"--&gt;"labrador". To approach this new problem, we first conduct a comprehensive human study where we confirm that most participants prefer multi-granularity labels, regardless whether they consider themselves experts. We then discover the key intuition that: coarse-level label prediction exacerbates fine-grained feature learning, yet fine-level feature betters the learning of coarse-level classifier. This discovery enables us to design a very simple albeit surprisingly effective solution to our new problem, where we (i) leverage level-specific classification heads to disentangle coarse-level features with fine-grained ones, and (ii) allow finer-grained features to participate in coarser-grained label predictions, which in turn helps with better disentanglement. Experiments show that our method achieves superior performance in the new FGVC setting, and performs better than state-of-the-art on traditional single-label FGVC problem as well. Thanks to its simplicity, our method can be easily implemented on top of any existing FGVC frameworks and is parameter-free.      
### 35.ADCPNet: Adaptive Disparity Candidates Prediction Network for Efficient Real-Time Stereo Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09023.pdf)
>  Efficient real-time disparity estimation is critical for the application of stereo vision systems in various areas. Recently, stereo network based on coarse-to-fine method has largely relieved the memory constraints and speed limitations of large-scale network models. Nevertheless, all of the previous coarse-to-fine designs employ constant offsets and three or more stages to progressively refine the coarse disparity map, still resulting in unsatisfactory computation accuracy and inference time when deployed on mobile devices. This paper claims that the coarse matching errors can be corrected efficiently with fewer stages as long as more accurate disparity candidates can be provided. Therefore, we propose a dynamic offset prediction module to meet different correction requirements of diverse objects and design an efficient two-stage framework. Besides, we propose a disparity-independent convolution to further improve the performance since it is more consistent with the local statistical characteristics of the compact cost volume. The evaluation results on multiple datasets and platforms clearly demonstrate that, the proposed network outperforms the state-of-the-art lightweight models especially for mobile devices in terms of accuracy and speed. Code will be made available.      
### 36.AttentiveNAS: Improving Neural Architecture Search via Attentive Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09011.pdf)
>  Neural architecture search (NAS) has shown great promise designing state-of-the-art (SOTA) models that are both accurate and fast. Recently, two-stage NAS, e.g. BigNAS, decouples the model training and searching process and achieves good search efficiency. Two-stage NAS requires sampling from the search space during training, which directly impacts the accuracy of the final searched models. While uniform sampling has been widely used for simplicity, it is agnostic of the model performance Pareto front, which are the main focus in the search process, and thus, misses opportunities to further improve the model accuracy. In this work, we propose AttentiveNAS that focuses on sampling the networks to improve the performance Pareto. We also propose algorithms to efficiently and effectively identify the networks on the Pareto during training. Without extra re-training or post-processing, we can simultaneously obtain a large number of networks across a wide range of FLOPs. Our discovered model family, AttentiveNAS models, achieves top-1 accuracy from 77.3% to 80.7% on ImageNet, and outperforms SOTA models, including BigNAS, Once-for-All networks and FBNetV3. We also achieve ImageNet accuracy of 80.1% with only 491 MFLOPs.      
### 37.Towards Spatial Variability Aware Deep Neural Networks (SVANN): A Summary of Results  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08992.pdf)
>  Spatial variability has been observed in many geo-phenomena including climatic zones, USDA plant hardiness zones, and terrestrial habitat types (e.g., forest, grasslands, wetlands, and deserts). However, current deep learning methods follow a spatial-one-size-fits-all(OSFA) approach to train single deep neural network models that do not account for spatial variability. In this work, we propose and investigate a spatial-variability aware deep neural network(SVANN) approach, where distinct deep neural network models are built for each geographic area. We evaluate this approach using aerial imagery from two geographic areas for the task of mapping urban gardens. The experimental results show that SVANN provides better performance than OSFA in terms of precision, recall,and F1-score to identify urban gardens.      
### 38.Minimal Solvers for Single-View Lens-Distorted Camera Auto-Calibration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08988.pdf)
>  This paper proposes minimal solvers that use combinations of imaged translational symmetries and parallel scene lines to jointly estimate lens undistortion with either affine rectification or focal length and absolute orientation. We use constraints provided by orthogonal scene planes to recover the focal length. We show that solvers using feature combinations can recover more accurate calibrations than solvers using only one feature type on scenes that have a balance of lines and texture. We also show that the proposed solvers are complementary and can be used together in a RANSAC-based estimator to improve auto-calibration accuracy. State-of-the-art performance is demonstrated on a standard dataset of lens-distorted urban images. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ylochman/single-view-autocalib" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 39.Dual-stream Multiple Instance Learning Network for Whole Slide Image Classification with Self-supervised Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08939.pdf)
>  Whole slide images (WSIs) have large resolutions and usually lack localized annotations. WSI classification can be cast as a multiple instance learning (MIL) problem when only slide-level labels are available. We propose a MIL-based method for WSI classification and tumor detection in WSI that does not require localized annotations. First, we propose a novel MIL aggregator that models the relations of the instances in a dual-stream architecture with trainable distance measurement. Second, since WSIs can produce large or unbalanced bags that hinder the training of MIL models, we propose to use self-supervised contrastive learning to extract good representations for MIL and alleviate the issue of prohibitive memory requirement for large bags. Third, we propose a pyramidal fusion mechanism for multiscale WSI features that further improves the classification and localization accuracy. The classification accuracy of our model compares favorably to fully-supervised methods, with less than 2\% accuracy gap on two representative WSI datasets, and outperforms all previous MIL-based methods. Benchmark results on standard MIL datasets further show the superior performance of our MIL aggregator over other MIL models on general MIL problems.      
### 40.Analyzing and Mitigating Compression Defects in Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08932.pdf)
>  With the proliferation of deep learning methods, many computer vision problems which were considered academic are now viable in the consumer setting. One drawback of consumer applications is lossy compression, which is necessary from an engineering standpoint to efficiently and cheaply store and transmit user images. Despite this, there has been little study of the effect of compression on deep neural networks and benchmark datasets are often losslessly compressed or compressed at high quality. Here we present a unified study of the effects of JPEG compression on a range of common tasks and datasets. We show that there is a significant penalty on common performance metrics for high compression. We test several methods for mitigating this penalty, including a novel method based on artifact correction which requires no labels to train.      
### 41.A New Dataset and Proposed Convolutional Neural Network Architecture for Classification of American Sign Language Digits  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08927.pdf)
>  In our interviews with people who work with speech impaired persons, we learned that speech impaired people have difficulties in communicating with other people around them who do not know the sign language, and this situation may cause them to isolate themselves from society and lose their sense of independence. With this paper, to increase the quality of life of individuals with facilitating communication between individuals who use sign language and who do not know this language, we created a new American Sign Language (ASL) digits dataset that can help to create machine learning algorithms which need to large and varied data to be successful, we published this dataset as Sign Language Digits Dataset on Kaggle Datasets web page, we present a proposal Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architecture that can get 98% test accuracy on our dataset, and we compared it with popular CNN models.      
### 42.Deep Learning Benchmarks and Datasets for Social Media Image Classification for Disaster Response  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08916.pdf)
>  During a disaster event, images shared on social media helps crisis managers gain situational awareness and assess incurred damages, among other response tasks. Recent advances in computer vision and deep neural networks have enabled the development of models for real-time image classification for a number of tasks, including detecting crisis incidents, filtering irrelevant images, classifying images into specific humanitarian categories, and assessing the severity of damage. Despite several efforts, past works mainly suffer from limited resources (i.e., labeled images) available to train more robust deep learning models. In this study, we propose new datasets for disaster type detection, and informativeness classification, and damage severity assessment. Moreover, we relabel existing publicly available datasets for new tasks. We identify exact- and near-duplicates to form non-overlapping data splits, and finally consolidate them to create larger datasets. In our extensive experiments, we benchmark several state-of-the-art deep learning models and achieve promising results. We release our datasets and models publicly, aiming to provide proper baselines as well as to spur further research in the crisis informatics community.      
### 43.Whose hand is this? Person Identification from Egocentric Hand Gestures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08900.pdf)
>  Recognizing people by faces and other biometrics has been extensively studied in computer vision. But these techniques do not work for identifying the wearer of an egocentric (first-person) camera because that person rarely (if ever) appears in their own first-person view. But while one's own face is not frequently visible, their hands are: in fact, hands are among the most common objects in one's own field of view. It is thus natural to ask whether the appearance and motion patterns of people's hands are distinctive enough to recognize them. In this paper, we systematically study the possibility of Egocentric Hand Identification (EHI) with unconstrained egocentric hand gestures. We explore several different visual cues, including color, shape, skin texture, and depth maps to identify users' hands. Extensive ablation experiments are conducted to analyze the properties of hands that are most distinctive. Finally, we show that EHI can improve generalization of other tasks, such as gesture recognition, by training adversarially to encourage these models to ignore differences between users.      
### 44.Multimodal Prototypical Networks for Few-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08899.pdf)
>  Although providing exceptional results for many computer vision tasks, state-of-the-art deep learning algorithms catastrophically struggle in low data scenarios. However, if data in additional modalities exist (e.g. text) this can compensate for the lack of data and improve the classification results. To overcome this data scarcity, we design a cross-modal feature generation framework capable of enriching the low populated embedding space in few-shot scenarios, leveraging data from the auxiliary modality. Specifically, we train a generative model that maps text data into the visual feature space to obtain more reliable prototypes. This allows to exploit data from additional modalities (e.g. text) during training while the ultimate task at test time remains classification with exclusively visual data. We show that in such cases nearest neighbor classification is a viable approach and outperform state-of-the-art single-modal and multimodal few-shot learning methods on the CUB-200 and Oxford-102 datasets.      
### 45.Probing Fairness of Mobile Ocular Biometrics Methods Across Gender on VISOB 2.0 Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08898.pdf)
>  Recent research has questioned the fairness of face-based recognition and attribute classification methods (such as gender and race) for dark-skinned people and women. Ocular biometrics in the visible spectrum is an alternate solution over face biometrics, thanks to its accuracy, security, robustness against facial expression, and ease of use in mobile devices. With the recent COVID-19 crisis, ocular biometrics has a further advantage over face biometrics in the presence of a mask. However, fairness of ocular biometrics has not been studied till now. This first study aims to explore the fairness of ocular-based authentication and gender classification methods across males and females. To this aim, VISOB $2.0$ dataset, along with its gender annotations, is used for the fairness analysis of ocular biometrics methods based on ResNet-50, MobileNet-V2 and lightCNN-29 models. Experimental results suggest the equivalent performance of males and females for ocular-based mobile user-authentication in terms of genuine match rate (GMR) at lower false match rates (FMRs) and an overall Area Under Curve (AUC). For instance, an AUC of 0.96 for females and 0.95 for males was obtained for lightCNN-29 on an average. However, males significantly outperformed females in deep learning based gender classification models based on ocular-region.      
### 46.Contrastive Registration for Unsupervised Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08894.pdf)
>  Medical image segmentation is a relevant task as it serves as the first step for several diagnosis processes, thus it is indispensable in clinical usage. Whilst major success has been reported using supervised techniques, they assume a large and well-representative labelled set. This is a strong assumption in the medical domain where annotations are expensive, time-consuming, and inherent to human bias. To address this problem, unsupervised techniques have been proposed in the literature yet it is still an open problem due to the difficulty of learning any transformation pattern. In this work, we present a novel optimisation model framed into a new CNN-based contrastive registration architecture for unsupervised medical image segmentation. The core of our approach is to exploit image-level registration and feature-level from a contrastive learning mechanism, to perform registration-based segmentation. Firstly, we propose an architecture to capture the image-to-image transformation pattern via registration for unsupervised medical image segmentation. Secondly, we embed a contrastive learning mechanism into the registration architecture to enhance the discriminating capacity of the network in the feature-level. We show that our proposed technique mitigates the major drawbacks of existing unsupervised techniques. We demonstrate, through numerical and visual experiments, that our technique substantially outperforms the current state-of-the-art unsupervised segmentation methods on two major medical image datasets.      
### 47.Towards Improved and Interpretable Deep Metric Learning via Attentive Grouping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08877.pdf)
>  Grouping has been commonly used in deep metric learning for computing diverse features. However, current methods are prone to overfitting and lack interpretability. In this work, we propose an improved and interpretable grouping method to be integrated flexibly with any metric learning framework. Our method is based on the attention mechanism with a learnable query for each group. The query is fully trainable and can capture group-specific information when combined with the diversity loss. An appealing property of our method is that it naturally lends itself interpretability. The attention scores between the learnable query and each spatial position can be interpreted as the importance of that position. We formally show that our proposed grouping method is invariant to spatial permutations of features. When used as a module in convolutional neural networks, our method leads to translational invariance. We conduct comprehensive experiments to evaluate our method. Our quantitative results indicate that the proposed method outperforms prior methods consistently and significantly across different datasets, evaluation metrics, base models, and loss functions. For the first time to the best of our knowledge, our interpretation results clearly demonstrate that the proposed method enables the learning of distinct and diverse features across groups.      
### 48.FROST: Faster and more Robust One-shot Semi-supervised Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09471.pdf)
>  Recent advances in one-shot semi-supervised learning have lowered the barrier for deep learning of new applications. However, the state-of-the-art for semi-supervised learning is slow to train and the performance is sensitive to the choices of the labeled data and hyper-parameter values. In this paper, we present a one-shot semi-supervised learning method that trains up to an order of magnitude faster and is more robust than state-of-the-art methods. Specifically, we show that by combining semi-supervised learning with a one-stage, single network version of self-training, our FROST methodology trains faster and is more robust to choices for the labeled samples and changes in hyper-parameters. Our experiments demonstrate FROST's capability to perform well when the composition of the unlabeled data is unknown; that is when the unlabeled data contain unequal numbers of each class and can contain out-of-distribution examples that don't belong to any of the training classes. High performance, speed of training, and insensitivity to hyper-parameters make FROST the most practical method for one-shot semi-supervised training.      
### 49.Self-Supervised Physics-Guided Deep Learning Reconstruction For High-Resolution 3D LGE CMR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09414.pdf)
>  Late gadolinium enhancement (LGE) cardiac MRI (CMR) is the clinical standard for diagnosis of myocardial scar. 3D isotropic LGE CMR provides improved coverage and resolution compared to 2D imaging. However, image acceleration is required due to long scan times and contrast washout. Physics-guided deep learning (PG-DL) approaches have recently emerged as an improved accelerated MRI strategy. Training of PG-DL methods is typically performed in supervised manner requiring fully-sampled data as reference, which is challenging in 3D LGE CMR. Recently, a self-supervised learning approach was proposed to enable training PG-DL techniques without fully-sampled data. In this work, we extend this self-supervised learning approach to 3D imaging, while tackling challenges related to small training database sizes of 3D volumes. Results and a reader study on prospectively accelerated 3D LGE show that the proposed approach at 6-fold acceleration outperforms the clinically utilized compressed sensing approach at 3-fold acceleration.      
### 50.Diverse Plausible Shape Completions from Ambiguous Depth Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09390.pdf)
>  We propose PSSNet, a network architecture for generating diverse plausible 3D reconstructions from a single 2.5D depth image. Existing methods tend to produce only small variations on a single shape, even when multiple shapes are consistent with an observation. To obtain diversity we alter a Variational Auto Encoder by providing a learned shape bounding box feature as side information during training. Since these features are known during training, we are able to add a supervised loss to the encoder and noiseless values to the decoder. To evaluate, we sample a set of completions from a network, construct a set of plausible shape matches for each test observation, and compare using our plausible diversity metric defined over sets of shapes. We perform experiments using Shapenet mugs and partially-occluded YCB objects and find that our method performs comparably in datasets with little ambiguity, and outperforms existing methods when many shapes plausibly fit an observed depth image. We demonstrate one use for PSSNet on a physical robot when grasping objects in occlusion and clutter.      
### 51.Self-Gradient Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09364.pdf)
>  The incredible effectiveness of adversarial attacks on fooling deep neural networks poses a tremendous hurdle in the widespread adoption of deep learning in safety and securitycritical domains. While adversarial defense mechanisms have been proposed since the discovery of the adversarial vulnerability issue of deep neural networks, there is a long path to fully understand and address this issue. In this study, we hypothesize that part of the reason for the incredible effectiveness of adversarial attacks is their ability to implicitly tap into and exploit the gradient flow of a deep neural network. This innate ability to exploit gradient flow makes defending against such attacks quite challenging. Motivated by this hypothesis we argue that if a deep neural network architecture can explicitly tap into its own gradient flow during the training, it can boost its defense capability significantly. Inspired by this fact, we introduce the concept of self-gradient networks, a novel deep neural network architecture designed to be more robust against adversarial perturbations. Gradient flow information is leveraged within self-gradient networks to achieve greater perturbation stability beyond what can be achieved in the standard training process. We conduct a theoretical analysis to gain better insights into the behaviour of the proposed self-gradient networks to illustrate the efficacy of leverage this additional gradient flow information. The proposed self-gradient network architecture enables much more efficient and effective adversarial training, leading to faster convergence towards an adversarially robust solution by at least 10?. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of self-gradient networks when compared with state-of-the-art adversarial learning strategies, with 10% improvement on the CIFAR10 dataset under PGD and CW adversarial perturbations.      
### 52.Noise-Resilient Automatic Interpretation of Holter ECG Recordings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09303.pdf)
>  Holter monitoring, a long-term ECG recording (24-hours and more), contains a large amount of valuable diagnostic information about the patient. Its interpretation becomes a difficult and time-consuming task for the doctor who analyzes them because every heartbeat needs to be classified, thus requiring highly accurate methods for automatic interpretation. In this paper, we present a three-stage process for analysing Holter recordings with robustness to noisy signal. First stage is a segmentation neural network (NN) with encoderdecoder architecture which detects positions of heartbeats. Second stage is a classification NN which will classify heartbeats as wide or narrow. Third stage in gradient boosting decision trees (GBDT) on top of NN features that incorporates patient-wise features and further increases performance of our approach. As a part of this work we acquired 5095 Holter recordings of patients annotated by an experienced cardiologist. A committee of three cardiologists served as a ground truth annotators for the 291 examples in the test set. We show that the proposed method outperforms the selected baselines, including two commercial-grade software packages and some methods previously published in the literature.      
### 53.A Transfer Learning Based Active Learning Framework for Brain Tumor Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09265.pdf)
>  Brain tumor is one of the leading causes of cancer-related death globally among children and adults. Precise classification of brain tumor grade (low-grade and high-grade glioma) at early stage plays a key role in successful prognosis and treatment planning. With recent advances in deep learning, Artificial Intelligence-enabled brain tumor grading systems can assist radiologists in the interpretation of medical images within seconds. The performance of deep learning techniques is, however, highly depended on the size of the annotated dataset. It is extremely challenging to label a large quantity of medical images given the complexity and volume of medical data. In this work, we propose a novel transfer learning based active learning framework to reduce the annotation cost while maintaining stability and robustness of the model performance for brain tumor classification. We employed a 2D slice-based approach to train and finetune our model on the Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) training dataset of 203 patients and a validation dataset of 66 patients which was used as the baseline. With our proposed method, the model achieved Area Under Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) Curve (AUC) of 82.89% on a separate test dataset of 66 patients, which was 2.92% higher than the baseline AUC while saving at least 40% of labeling cost. In order to further examine the robustness of our method, we created a balanced dataset, which underwent the same procedure. The model achieved AUC of 82% compared with AUC of 78.48% for the baseline, which reassures the robustness and stability of our proposed transfer learning augmented with active learning framework while significantly reducing the size of training data.      
### 54.Inspecting state of the art performance and NLP metrics in image-based medical report generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09257.pdf)
>  Several deep learning architectures have been proposed over the last years to deal with the problem of generating a written report given an imaging exam as input. Most works evaluate the generated reports using standard Natural Language Processing (NLP) metrics (e.g. BLEU, ROUGE), reporting significant progress. In this article, we contrast this progress by comparing state of the art (SOTA) models against weak baselines. We show that simple and even naive approaches yield near SOTA performance on most traditional NLP metrics. We conclude that evaluation methods in this task should be further studied towards correctly measuring clinical accuracy, ideally involving physicians to contribute to this end.      
### 55.Deep learning models for gastric signet ring cell carcinoma classification in whole slide images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09247.pdf)
>  Signet ring cell carcinoma (SRCC) of the stomach is a rare type of cancer with a slowly rising incidence. It tends to be more difficult to detect by pathologists mainly due to its cellular morphology and diffuse invasion manner, and it has poor prognosis when detected at an advanced stage. Computational pathology tools that can assist pathologists in detecting SRCC would be of a massive benefit. In this paper, we trained deep learning models using transfer learning, fully-supervised learning, and weakly-supervised learning to predict SRCC in Whole Slide Images (WSIs) using a training set of 1,765 WSIs. We evaluated the models on four different test sets of about 500 images each. The best model achieved a Receiver Operator Curve (ROC) area under the curve (AUC) of at least 0.99 on all four test sets, setting a top baseline performance for SRCC WSI classification.      
### 56.CVEGAN: A Perceptually-inspired GAN for Compressed Video Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09190.pdf)
>  We propose a new Generative Adversarial Network for Compressed Video quality Enhancement (CVEGAN). The CVEGAN generator benefits from the use of a novel Mul2Res block (with multiple levels of residual learning branches), an enhanced residual non-local block (ERNB) and an enhanced convolutional block attention module (ECBAM). The ERNB has also been employed in the discriminator to improve the representational capability. The training strategy has also been re-designed specifically for video compression applications, to employ a relativistic sphere GAN (ReSphereGAN) training methodology together with new perceptual loss functions. The proposed network has been fully evaluated in the context of two typical video compression enhancement tools: post-processing (PP) and spatial resolution adaptation (SRA). CVEGAN has been fully integrated into the MPEG HEVC video coding test model (HM16.20) and experimental results demonstrate significant coding gains (up to 28% for PP and 38% for SRA compared to the anchor) over existing state-of-the-art architectures for both coding tools across multiple datasets.      
### 57.More Informed Random Sample Consensus  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09116.pdf)
>  Random sample consensus (RANSAC) is a robust model-fitting algorithm. It is widely used in many fields including image-stitching and point cloud registration. In RANSAC, data is uniformly sampled for hypothesis generation. However, this uniform sampling strategy does not fully utilize all the information on many problems. In this paper, we propose a method that samples data with a Lévy distribution together with a data sorting algorithm. In the hypothesis sampling step of the proposed method, data is sorted with a sorting algorithm we proposed, which sorts data based on the likelihood of a data point being in the inlier set. Then, hypotheses are sampled from the sorted data with Lévy distribution. The proposed method is evaluated on both simulation and real-world public datasets. Our method shows better results compared with the uniform baseline method.      
### 58.Effectiveness of Arbitrary Transfer Sets for Data-free Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09113.pdf)
>  Knowledge Distillation is an effective method to transfer the learning across deep neural networks. Typically, the dataset originally used for training the Teacher model is chosen as the "Transfer Set" to conduct the knowledge transfer to the Student. However, this original training data may not always be freely available due to privacy or sensitivity concerns. In such scenarios, existing approaches either iteratively compose a synthetic set representative of the original training dataset, one sample at a time or learn a generative model to compose such a transfer set. However, both these approaches involve complex optimization (GAN training or several backpropagation steps to synthesize one sample) and are often computationally expensive. In this paper, as a simple alternative, we investigate the effectiveness of "arbitrary transfer sets" such as random noise, publicly available synthetic, and natural datasets, all of which are completely unrelated to the original training dataset in terms of their visual or semantic contents. Through extensive experiments on multiple benchmark datasets such as MNIST, FMNIST, CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100, we discover and validate surprising effectiveness of using arbitrary data to conduct knowledge distillation when this dataset is "target-class balanced". We believe that this important observation can potentially lead to designing baselines for the data-free knowledge distillation task.      
### 59.Towards online monitoring and data-driven control: a study of segmentation algorithms for infrared images of the powder bed  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09065.pdf)
>  An increasing number of selective laser sintering and selective laser melting machines use off-axis infrared cameras to improve online monitoring and data-driven control capabilities. However, there is still a severe lack of algorithmic solutions to properly process the infrared images from these cameras that has led to several key limitations: a lack of online monitoring capabilities for the laser tracks, insufficient pre-processing of the infrared images for data-driven methods, and large memory requirements for storing the infrared images. To address these limitations, we study over 30 segmentation algorithms that segment each infrared image into a foreground and background. By evaluating each algorithm based on its segmentation accuracy, computational speed, and robustness against spatter detection, we identify promising algorithmic solutions. The identified algorithms can be readily applied to the selective laser sintering and selective laser melting machines to address each of the above limitations and thus, significantly improve process control.      
### 60.SoftSeg: Advantages of soft versus binary training for image segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09041.pdf)
>  Most image segmentation algorithms are trained on binary masks formulated as a classification task per pixel. However, in applications such as medical imaging, this "black-and-white" approach is too constraining because the contrast between two tissues is often ill-defined, i.e., the voxels located on objects' edges contain a mixture of tissues. Consequently, assigning a single "hard" label can result in a detrimental approximation. Instead, a soft prediction containing non-binary values would overcome that limitation. We introduce SoftSeg, a deep learning training approach that takes advantage of soft ground truth labels, and is not bound to binary predictions. SoftSeg aims at solving a regression instead of a classification problem. This is achieved by using (i) no binarization after preprocessing and data augmentation, (ii) a normalized ReLU final activation layer (instead of sigmoid), and (iii) a regression loss function (instead of the traditional Dice loss). We assess the impact of these three features on three open-source MRI segmentation datasets from the spinal cord gray matter, the multiple sclerosis brain lesion, and the multimodal brain tumor segmentation challenges. Across multiple cross-validation iterations, SoftSeg outperformed the conventional approach, leading to an increase in Dice score of 2.0% on the gray matter dataset (p=0.001), 3.3% for the MS lesions, and 6.5% for the brain tumors. SoftSeg produces consistent soft predictions at tissues' interfaces and shows an increased sensitivity for small objects. The richness of soft labels could represent the inter-expert variability, the partial volume effect, and complement the model uncertainty estimation. The developed training pipeline can easily be incorporated into most of the existing deep learning architectures. It is already implemented in the freely-available deep learning toolbox ivadomed (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ivadomed.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>).      
### 61.Interpretable Survival Prediction for Colorectal Cancer using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08965.pdf)
>  Deriving interpretable prognostic features from deep-learning-based prognostic histopathology models remains a challenge. In this study, we developed a deep learning system (DLS) for predicting disease specific survival for stage II and III colorectal cancer using 3,652 cases (27,300 slides). When evaluated on two validation datasets containing 1,239 cases (9,340 slides) and 738 cases (7,140 slides) respectively, the DLS achieved a 5-year disease-specific survival AUC of 0.70 (95%CI 0.66-0.73) and 0.69 (95%CI 0.64-0.72), and added significant predictive value to a set of 9 clinicopathologic features. To interpret the DLS, we explored the ability of different human-interpretable features to explain the variance in DLS scores. We observed that clinicopathologic features such as T-category, N-category, and grade explained a small fraction of the variance in DLS scores (R2=18% in both validation sets). Next, we generated human-interpretable histologic features by clustering embeddings from a deep-learning based image-similarity model and showed that they explain the majority of the variance (R2 of 73% to 80%). Furthermore, the clustering-derived feature most strongly associated with high DLS scores was also highly prognostic in isolation. With a distinct visual appearance (poorly differentiated tumor cell clusters adjacent to adipose tissue), this feature was identified by annotators with 87.0-95.5% accuracy. Our approach can be used to explain predictions from a prognostic deep learning model and uncover potentially-novel prognostic features that can be reliably identified by people for future validation studies.      
### 62.Reactive Human-to-Robot Handovers of Arbitrary Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08961.pdf)
>  Human-robot object handovers have been an actively studied area of robotics over the past decade; however, very few techniques and systems have addressed the challenge of handing over diverse objects with arbitrary appearance, size, shape, and rigidity. In this paper, we present a vision-based system that enables reactive human-to-robot handovers of unknown objects. Our approach combines closed-loop motion planning with real-time, temporally-consistent grasp generation to ensure reactivity and motion smoothness. Our system is robust to different object positions and orientations, and can grasp both rigid and non-rigid objects. We demonstrate the generalizability, usability, and robustness of our approach on a novel benchmark set of 26 diverse household objects, a user study with naive users (N=6) handing over a subset of 15 objects, and a systematic evaluation examining different ways of handing objects. More results and videos can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/nvidia.com/handovers-of-arbitrary-objects" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 63.HiResCAM: Explainable Multi-Organ Multi-Abnormality Prediction in 3D Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08891.pdf)
>  Understanding model predictions is critical in healthcare, to facilitate rapid real-time verification of model correctness and to guard against the use of models that exploit confounding variables. Motivated by the need for explainable models, we address the challenging task of explainable multiple abnormality classification in volumetric medical images. We propose a novel attention mechanism, HiResCAM, that highlights relevant regions within each volume for each abnormality queried. We investigate the relationship between HiResCAM and the popular model explanation method Grad-CAM, and demonstrate that HiResCAM yields better performance on abnormality localization and produces explanations that are more faithful to the underlying model. Finally, we introduce a mask loss that leverages HiResCAM to require the model to predict abnormalities based on only the organs in which those abnormalities appear. Our innovations achieve a 37% improvement in explanation quality, resulting in state-of-the-art weakly supervised organ localization of abnormalities in the RAD-ChestCT data set of 36,316 CT volumes. We also demonstrate on PASCAL VOC 2012 the different properties of HiResCAM and Grad-CAM on natural images. Overall, this work advances convolutional neural network explanation approaches and the clinical applicability of multi-abnormality modeling in volumetric medical images.      
