# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 30 Nov 2020
### 1.Unsupervised part representation by Flow Capsules  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13920.pdf)
>  Capsule networks are designed to parse an image into a hierarchy of objects, parts and relations. While promising, they remain limited by an inability to learn effective low level part descriptions. To address this issue we propose a novel self-supervised method for learning part descriptors of an image. During training, we exploit motion as a powerful perceptual cue for part definition, using an expressive decoder for part generation and layered image formation with occlusion. Experiments demonstrate robust part discovery in the presence of multiple objects, cluttered backgrounds, and significant occlusion. The resulting part descriptors, a.k.a. part capsules, are decoded into shape masks, filling in occluded pixels, along with relative depth on single images. We also report unsupervised object classification using our capsule parts in a stacked capsule autoencoder.      
### 2.Task Programming: Learning Data Efficient Behavior Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13917.pdf)
>  Specialized domain knowledge is often necessary to accurately annotate training sets for in-depth analysis, but can be burdensome and time-consuming to acquire from domain experts. This issue arises prominently in automated behavior analysis, in which agent movements or actions of interest are detected from video tracking data. To reduce annotation effort, we present TREBA: a method to learn annotation-sample efficient trajectory embedding for behavior analysis, based on multi-task self-supervised learning. The tasks in our method can be efficiently engineered by domain experts through a process we call "task programming", which uses programs to explicitly encode structured knowledge from domain experts. Total domain expert effort can be reduced by exchanging data annotation time for the construction of a small number of programmed tasks. We evaluate this trade-off using data from behavioral neuroscience, in which specialized domain knowledge is used to identify behaviors. We present experimental results in three datasets across two domains: mice and fruit flies. Using embeddings from TREBA, we reduce annotation burden by up to a factor of 10 without compromising accuracy compared to state-of-the-art features. Our results thus suggest that task programming can be an effective way to reduce annotation effort for domain experts.      
### 3.Progressively Volumetrized Deep Generative Models for Data-Efficient Contextual Learning of MR Image Recovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13913.pdf)
>  Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) offers the flexibility to image a given anatomic volume under a multitude of tissue contrasts. Yet, scan time considerations put stringent limits on the quality and diversity of MRI data. The gold-standard approach to alleviate this limitation is to recover high-quality images from data undersampled across various dimensions such as the Fourier domain or contrast sets. A central divide among recovery methods is whether the anatomy is processed per volume or per cross-section. Volumetric models offer enhanced capture of global contextual information, but they can suffer from suboptimal learning due to elevated model complexity. Cross-sectional models with lower complexity offer improved learning behavior, yet they ignore contextual information across the longitudinal dimension of the volume. Here, we introduce a novel data-efficient progressively volumetrized generative model (ProvoGAN) that decomposes complex volumetric image recovery tasks into a series of simpler cross-sectional tasks across individual rectilinear dimensions. ProvoGAN effectively captures global context and recovers fine-structural details across all dimensions, while maintaining low model complexity and data-efficiency advantages of cross-sectional models. Comprehensive demonstrations on mainstream MRI reconstruction and synthesis tasks show that ProvoGAN yields superior performance to state-of-the-art volumetric and cross-sectional models.      
### 4.Efficient Scene Compression for Visual-based Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13894.pdf)
>  Estimating the pose of a camera with respect to a 3D reconstruction or scene representation is a crucial step for many mixed reality and robotics applications. Given the vast amount of available data nowadays, many applications constrain storage and/or bandwidth to work efficiently. To satisfy these constraints, many applications compress a scene representation by reducing its number of 3D points. While state-of-the-art methods use $K$-cover-based algorithms to compress a scene, they are slow and hard to tune. To enhance speed and facilitate parameter tuning, this work introduces a novel approach that compresses a scene representation by means of a constrained quadratic program (QP). Because this QP resembles a one-class support vector machine, we derive a variant of the sequential minimal optimization to solve it. Our approach uses the points corresponding to the support vectors as the subset of points to represent a scene. We also present an efficient initialization method that allows our method to converge quickly. Our experiments on publicly available datasets show that our approach compresses a scene representation quickly while delivering accurate pose estimates.      
### 5.Field of Junctions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13866.pdf)
>  We introduce a bottom-up model for jointly finding many boundary elements in an image, including edges, curves, corners and junctions. The model explains boundary shape in each small patch using a junction with M angles and a freely-moving vertex. Images are analyzed by solving a non-convex optimization problem using purposefully-designed algorithms, cooperatively finding M+2 junction values at every pixel. The resulting field of junctions is simultaneously an edge detector, a corner/junction detector, and a boundary-aware smoothing of regional appearance. We demonstrate how it behaves at different scales, and for both single-channel and multi-channel input. Notably, we find it has unprecedented resilience to noise: It succeeds at high noise levels where previous methods for segmentation and for edge, corner and junction detection fail.      
### 6.Robust Detection of Non-overlapping Ellipses from Points with Applications to Circular Target Extraction in Images and Cylinder Detection in Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13849.pdf)
>  This manuscript provides a collection of new methods for the automated detection of non-overlapping ellipses from edge points. The new methods include a robust Monte Carlo-based approach for detecting points following elliptical patterns; process to detect non-overlapping ellipses from edge points; and procedure to detect cylinders from three-dimensional point clouds. The proposed methods were compared with established state-of-the-art methods, using simulated and real-world datasets, through the design of four sets of original experiments. It was found that the proposed robust ellipse detection was superior to the popular least median of squares method in both simulated and real-world datasets. The proposed process for detecting non-overlapping ellipses outperformed two established edge chaining/following methods, proposed by Fornaciari and Patraucean, in images. The proposed cylinder extraction method identified all detectable mechanical pipes in real-world point clouds. The results show promise for the application of the proposed methods for automatic extraction of circular targets from images and mechanical pipes from point clouds.      
### 7.SFTrack++: A Fast Learnable Spectral Segmentation Approach for Space-Time Consistent Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13843.pdf)
>  We propose an object tracking method, SFTrack++, that smoothly learns to preserve the tracked object consistency over space and time dimensions by taking a spectral clustering approach over the graph of pixels from the video, using a fast 3D filtering formulation for finding the principal eigenvector of this graph's adjacency matrix. To better capture complex aspects of the tracked object, we enrich our formulation to multi-channel inputs, which permit different points of view for the same input. The channel inputs could be, like in our experiments, the output of multiple tracking methods or other feature maps. After extracting and combining those feature maps, instead of relying only on hidden layers representations to predict a good tracking bounding box, we explicitly learn an intermediate, more refined one, namely the segmentation map of the tracked object. This prevents the rough common bounding box approach to introduce noise and distractors in the learning process. We test our method, SFTrack++, on seven tracking benchmarks: VOT2018, LaSOT, TrackingNet, GOT10k, NFS, OTB-100, and UAV123.      
### 8.Generalized Pose-and-Scale Estimation using 4-Point Congruence Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13817.pdf)
>  We present gP4Pc, a new method for computing the absolute pose of a generalized camera with unknown internal scale from four corresponding 3D point-and-ray pairs. Unlike most pose-and-scale methods, gP4Pc is based on constraints arising from the congruence of shapes defined by two sets of four points related by an unknown similarity transformation. By choosing a novel parametrization for the problem, we derive a system of four quadratic equations in four scalar variables. The variables represent the distances of 3D points along the rays from the camera centers. After solving this system via Groebner basis-based automatic polynomial solvers, we compute the similarity transformation using an efficient 3D point-point alignment method. We also propose a specialized variant of our solver for the case of coplanar points, which is computationally very efficient and about 3x faster than the fastest existing solver. Our experiments on real and synthetic datasets, demonstrate that gP4Pc is among the fastest methods in terms of total running time when used within a RANSAC framework, while achieving competitive numerical stability, accuracy, and robustness to noise.      
### 9.Leveraging Regular Fundus Images for Training UWF Fundus Diagnosis Models via Adversarial Learning and Pseudo-Labeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13816.pdf)
>  Recently, ultra-widefield (UWF) 200-degree fundus imaging by Optos cameras has gradually been introduced because of its broader insights for detecting more information on the fundus than regular 30-degree - 60-degree fundus cameras. Compared with UWF fundus images, regular fundus images contain a large amount of high-quality and well-annotated data. Due to the domain gap, models trained by regular fundus images to recognize UWF fundus images perform poorly. Hence, given that annotating medical data is labor intensive and time consuming, in this paper, we explore how to leverage regular fundus images to improve the limited UWF fundus data and annotations for more efficient training. We propose the use of a modified cycle generative adversarial network (CycleGAN) model to bridge the gap between regular and UWF fundus and generate additional UWF fundus images for training. A consistency regularization term is proposed in the loss of the GAN to improve and regulate the quality of the generated data. Our method does not require that images from the two domains be paired or even that the semantic labels be the same, which provides great convenience for data collection. Furthermore, we show that our method is robust to noise and errors introduced by the generated unlabeled data with the pseudo-labeling technique. We evaluated the effectiveness of our methods on several common fundus diseases and tasks, such as diabetic retinopathy (DR) classification, lesion detection and tessellated fundus segmentation. The experimental results demonstrate that our proposed method simultaneously achieves superior generalizability of the learned representations and performance improvements in multiple tasks.      
### 10.Spherical Interpolated Convolutional Network with Distance-Feature Density for 3D Semantic Segmentation of Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13784.pdf)
>  The semantic segmentation of point clouds is an important part of the environment perception for robots. However, it is difficult to directly adopt the traditional 3D convolution kernel to extract features from raw 3D point clouds because of the unstructured property of point clouds. In this paper, a spherical interpolated convolution operator is proposed to replace the traditional grid-shaped 3D convolution operator. This newly proposed feature extraction operator improves the accuracy of the network and reduces the parameters of the network. In addition, this paper analyzes the defect of point cloud interpolation methods based on the distance as the interpolation weight and proposes the self-learned distance-feature density by combining the distance and the feature correlation. The proposed method makes the feature extraction of spherical interpolated convolution network more rational and effective. The effectiveness of the proposed network is demonstrated on the 3D semantic segmentation task of point clouds. Experiments show that the proposed method achieves good performance on the ScanNet dataset and Paris-Lille-3D dataset.      
### 11.Enhancing Diversity in Teacher-Student Networks via Asymmetric branches for Unsupervised Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13776.pdf)
>  The objective of unsupervised person re-identification (Re-ID) is to learn discriminative features without labor-intensive identity annotations. State-of-the-art unsupervised Re-ID methods assign pseudo labels to unlabeled images in the target domain and learn from these noisy pseudo labels. Recently introduced Mean Teacher Model is a promising way to mitigate the label noise. However, during the training, self-ensembled teacher-student networks quickly converge to a consensus which leads to a local minimum. We explore the possibility of using an asymmetric structure inside neural network to address this problem. First, asymmetric branches are proposed to extract features in different manners, which enhances the feature diversity in appearance signatures. Then, our proposed cross-branch supervision allows one branch to get supervision from the other branch, which transfers distinct knowledge and enhances the weight diversity between teacher and student networks. Extensive experiments show that our proposed method can significantly surpass the performance of previous work on both unsupervised domain adaptation and fully unsupervised Re-ID tasks.      
### 12.Image Generators with Conditionally-Independent Pixel Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13775.pdf)
>  Existing image generator networks rely heavily on spatial convolutions and, optionally, self-attention blocks in order to gradually synthesize images in a coarse-to-fine manner. Here, we present a new architecture for image generators, where the color value at each pixel is computed independently given the value of a random latent vector and the coordinate of that pixel. No spatial convolutions or similar operations that propagate information across pixels are involved during the synthesis. We analyze the modeling capabilities of such generators when trained in an adversarial fashion, and observe the new generators to achieve similar generation quality to state-of-the-art convolutional generators. We also investigate several interesting properties unique to the new architecture.      
### 13.3D Invisible Cloak  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13705.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel physical stealth attack against the person detectors in real world. The proposed method generates an adversarial patch, and prints it on real clothes to make a three dimensional (3D) invisible cloak. Anyone wearing the cloak can evade the detection of person detectors and achieve stealth. We consider the impacts of those 3D physical constraints (i.e., radian, wrinkle, occlusion, angle, etc.) on person stealth attacks, and propose 3D transformations to generate 3D invisible cloak. We launch the person stealth attacks in 3D physical space instead of 2D plane by printing the adversarial patches on real clothes under challenging and complex 3D physical scenarios. The conventional and 3D transformations are performed on the patch during its optimization process. Further, we study how to generate the optimal 3D invisible cloak. Specifically, we explore how to choose input images with specific shapes and colors to generate the optimal 3D invisible cloak. Besides, after successfully making the object detector misjudge the person as other objects, we explore how to make a person completely disappeared, i.e., the person will not be detected as any objects. Finally, we present a systematic evaluation framework to methodically evaluate the performance of the proposed attack in digital domain and physical world. Experimental results in various indoor and outdoor physical scenarios show that, the proposed person stealth attack method is robust and effective even under those complex and challenging physical conditions, such as the cloak is wrinkled, obscured, curved, and from different angles. The attack success rate in digital domain (Inria data set) is 86.56%, while the static and dynamic stealth attack performance in physical world is 100% and 77%, respectively, which are significantly better than existing works.      
### 14.Lightweight U-Net for High-Resolution Breast Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13698.pdf)
>  We study the fully convolutional neural networks in the context of malignancy detection for breast cancer screening. We work on a supervised segmentation task looking for an acceptable compromise between the precision of the network and the computational complexity.      
### 15.Robust and Natural Physical Adversarial Examples for Object Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13692.pdf)
>  Recently, many studies show that deep neural networks (DNNs) are susceptible to adversarial examples. However, in order to convince that adversarial examples are real threats in real physical world, it is necessary to study and evaluate the adversarial examples in real-world scenarios. In this paper, we propose a robust and natural physical adversarial example attack method targeting object detectors under real-world conditions, which is more challenging than targeting image classifiers. The generated adversarial examples are robust to various physical constraints and visually look similar to the original images, thus these adversarial examples are natural to humans and will not cause any suspicions. First, to ensure the robustness of the adversarial examples in real-world conditions, the proposed method exploits different image transformation functions (Distance, Angle, Illumination, Printing and Photographing), to simulate various physical changes during the iterative optimization of the adversarial examples generation. Second, to construct natural adversarial examples, the proposed method uses an adaptive mask to constrain the area and intensities of added perturbations, and utilizes the real-world perturbation score (RPS) to make the perturbations be similar to those real noises in physical world. Compared with existing studies, our generated adversarial examples can achieve a high success rate with less conspicuous perturbations. Experimental results demonstrate that, the generated adversarial examples are robust under various indoor and outdoor physical conditions. Finally, the proposed physical adversarial attack method is universal and can work in black-box scenarios. The generated adversarial examples generalize well between different models.      
### 16.MEBOW: Monocular Estimation of Body Orientation In the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13688.pdf)
>  Body orientation estimation provides crucial visual cues in many applications, including robotics and autonomous driving. It is particularly desirable when 3-D pose estimation is difficult to infer due to poor image resolution, occlusion or indistinguishable body parts. We present COCO-MEBOW (Monocular Estimation of Body Orientation in the Wild), a new large-scale dataset for orientation estimation from a single in-the-wild image. The body-orientation labels for around 130K human bodies within 55K images from the COCO dataset have been collected using an efficient and high-precision annotation pipeline. We also validated the benefits of the dataset. First, we show that our dataset can substantially improve the performance and the robustness of a human body orientation estimation model, the development of which was previously limited by the scale and diversity of the available training data. Additionally, we present a novel triple-source solution for 3-D human pose estimation, where 3-D pose labels, 2-D pose labels, and our body-orientation labels are all used in joint training. Our model significantly outperforms state-of-the-art dual-source solutions for monocular 3-D human pose estimation, where training only uses 3-D pose labels and 2-D pose labels. This substantiates an important advantage of MEBOW for 3-D human pose estimation, which is particularly appealing because the per-instance labeling cost for body orientations is far less than that for 3-D poses. The work demonstrates high potential of MEBOW in addressing real-world challenges involving understanding human behaviors. Further information of this work is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://chenyanwu.github.io/MEBOW/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 17.Point and Ask: Incorporating Pointing into Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13681.pdf)
>  Visual Question Answering (VQA) has become one of the key benchmarks of visual recognition progress. Multiple VQA extensions have been explored to better simulate real-world settings: different question formulations, changing training and test distributions, conversational consistency in dialogues, and explanation-based answering. In this work, we further expand this space by considering visual questions that include a spatial point of reference. Pointing is a nearly universal gesture among humans, and real-world VQA is likely to involve a gesture towards the target region. <br>Concretely, we (1) introduce and motivate point-input questions as an extension of VQA, (2) define three novel classes of questions within this space, and (3) for each class, introduce both a benchmark dataset and a series of baseline models to handle its unique challenges. There are two key distinctions from prior work. First, we explicitly design the benchmarks to require the point input, i.e., we ensure that the visual question cannot be answered accurately without the spatial reference. Second, we explicitly explore the more realistic point spatial input rather than the standard but unnatural bounding box input. Through our exploration we uncover and address several visual recognition challenges, including the ability to infer human intent, reason both locally and globally about the image, and effectively combine visual, language and spatial inputs. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/princetonvisualai/pointingqa" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 18.Self-EMD: Self-Supervised Object Detection without ImageNet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13677.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel self-supervised representation learning method, Self-EMD, for object detection. Our method directly trained on unlabeled non-iconic image dataset like COCO, instead of commonly used iconic-object image dataset like ImageNet. We keep the convolutional feature maps as the image embedding to preserve spatial structures and adopt Earth Mover's Distance (EMD) to compute the similarity between two embeddings. Our Faster R-CNN (ResNet50-FPN) baseline achieves 39.8% mAP on COCO, which is on par with the state of the art self-supervised methods pre-trained on ImageNet. More importantly, it can be further improved to 40.4% mAP with more unlabeled images, showing its great potential for leveraging more easily obtained unlabeled data. Code will be made available.      
### 19.Deinterlacing Network for Early Interlaced Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13675.pdf)
>  With the rapid development of image restoration techniques, high-definition reconstruction of early videos has achieved impressive results. However, there are few studies about the interlacing artifacts that often appear in early videos and significantly affect visual perception. Traditional deinterlacing approaches are mainly focused on early interlacing scanning systems and thus cannot handle the complex and complicated artifacts in real-world early interlaced videos. Hence, this paper proposes a specific deinterlacing network (DIN), which is motivated by the traditional deinterlacing strategy. The proposed DIN consists of two stages, i.e., a cooperative vertical interpolation stage for split fields, and a merging stage that is applied to perceive movements and remove ghost artifacts. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method can effectively remove complex artifacts in early interlaced videos.      
### 20.Towards real-time object recognition and pose estimation in point clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13669.pdf)
>  Object recognition and 6DoF pose estimation are quite challenging tasks in computer vision applications. Despite efficiency in such tasks, standard methods deliver far from real-time processing rates. This paper presents a novel pipeline to estimate a fine 6DoF pose of objects, applied to realistic scenarios in real-time. We split our proposal into three main parts. Firstly, a Color feature classification leverages the use of pre-trained CNN color features trained on the ImageNet for object detection. A Feature-based registration module conducts a coarse pose estimation, and finally, a Fine-adjustment step performs an ICP-based dense registration. Our proposal achieves, in the best case, an accuracy performance of almost 83\% on the RGB-D Scenes dataset. Regarding processing time, the object detection task is done at a frame processing rate up to 90 FPS, and the pose estimation at almost 14 FPS in a full execution strategy. We discuss that due to the proposal's modularity, we could let the full execution occurs only when necessary and perform a scheduled execution that unlocks real-time processing, even for multitask situations.      
### 21.Deformed Implicit Field: Modeling 3D Shapes with Learned Dense Correspondence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13650.pdf)
>  We propose a novel Deformed Implicit Field (DIF) representation for modeling 3D shapes of a category and generating dense correspondences among shapes. With DIF, a 3D shape is represented by a template implicit field shared across the category, together with a 3D deformation field and a correction field dedicated for each shape instance. Shape correspondences can be easily established using their deformation fields. Our neural network, dubbed DIF-Net, jointly learns a shape latent space and these fields for 3D objects belonging to a category without using any correspondence or part label. The learned DIF-Net can also provides reliable correspondence uncertainty measurement reflecting shape structure discrepancy. Experiments show that DIF-Net not only produces high-fidelity 3D shapes but also builds high-quality dense correspondences across different shapes. We also demonstrate several applications such as texture transfer and shape editing, where our method achieves compelling results that cannot be achieved by previous methods.      
### 22.Descriptor-Free Multi-View Region Matching for Instance-Wise 3D Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13649.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a multi-view extension of instance segmentation without relying on texture or shape descriptor matching. Multi-view instance segmentation becomes challenging for scenes with repetitive textures and shapes, e.g., plant leaves, due to the difficulty of multi-view matching using texture or shape descriptors. To this end, we propose a multi-view region matching method based on epipolar geometry, which does not rely on any feature descriptors. We further show that the epipolar region matching can be easily integrated into instance segmentation and effective for instance-wise 3D reconstruction. Experiments demonstrate the improved accuracy of multi-view instance matching and the 3D reconstruction compared to the baseline methods.      
### 23.Temporal-Channel Transformer for 3D Lidar-Based Video Object Detection in Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13628.pdf)
>  The strong demand of autonomous driving in the industry has lead to strong interest in 3D object detection and resulted in many excellent 3D object detection algorithms. However, the vast majority of algorithms only model single-frame data, ignoring the temporal information of the sequence of data. In this work, we propose a new transformer, called Temporal-Channel Transformer, to model the spatial-temporal domain and channel domain relationships for video object detecting from Lidar data. As a special design of this transformer, the information encoded in the encoder is different from that in the decoder, i.e. the encoder encodes temporal-channel information of multiple frames while the decoder decodes the spatial-channel information for the current frame in a voxel-wise manner. Specifically, the temporal-channel encoder of the transformer is designed to encode the information of different channels and frames by utilizing the correlation among features from different channels and frames. On the other hand, the spatial decoder of the transformer will decode the information for each location of the current frame. Before conducting the object detection with detection head, the gate mechanism is deployed for re-calibrating the features of current frame, which filters out the object irrelevant information by repetitively refine the representation of target frame along with the up-sampling process. Experimental results show that we achieve the state-of-the-art performance in grid voxel-based 3D object detection on the nuScenes benchmark.      
### 24.Manipulating Medical Image Translation with Manifold Disentanglement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13615.pdf)
>  Medical image translation (e.g. CT to MR) is a challenging task as it requires I) faithful translation of domain-invariant features (e.g. shape information of anatomical structures) and II) realistic synthesis of target-domain features (e.g. tissue appearance in MR). In this work, we propose Manifold Disentanglement Generative Adversarial Network (MDGAN), a novel image translation framework that explicitly models these two types of features. It employs a fully convolutional generator to model domain-invariant features, and it uses style codes to separately model target-domain features as a manifold. This design aims to explicitly disentangle domain-invariant features and domain-specific features while gaining individual control of both. The image translation process is formulated as a stylisation task, where the input is "stylised" (translated) into diverse target-domain images based on style codes sampled from the learnt manifold. We test MDGAN for multi-modal medical image translation, where we create two domain-specific manifold clusters on the manifold to translate segmentation maps into pseudo-CT and pseudo-MR images, respectively. We show that by traversing a path across the MR manifold cluster, the target output can be manipulated while still retaining the shape information from the input.      
### 25.Multi-task MR Imaging with Iterative Teacher Forcing and Re-weighted Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13614.pdf)
>  Noises, artifacts, and loss of information caused by the magnetic resonance (MR) reconstruction may compromise the final performance of the downstream applications. In this paper, we develop a re-weighted multi-task deep learning method to learn prior knowledge from the existing big dataset and then utilize them to assist simultaneous MR reconstruction and segmentation from the under-sampled k-space data. The multi-task deep learning framework is equipped with two network sub-modules, which are integrated and trained by our designed iterative teacher forcing scheme (ITFS) under the dynamic re-weighted loss constraint (DRLC). The ITFS is designed to avoid error accumulation by injecting the fully-sampled data into the training process. The DRLC is proposed to dynamically balance the contributions from the reconstruction and segmentation sub-modules so as to co-prompt the multi-task accuracy. The proposed method has been evaluated on two open datasets and one in vivo in-house dataset and compared to six state-of-the-art methods. Results show that the proposed method possesses encouraging capabilities for simultaneous and accurate MR reconstruction and segmentation.      
### 26.Frequency Domain Image Translation: More Photo-realistic, Better Identity-preserving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13611.pdf)
>  Image-to-image translation aims at translating a particular style of an image to another. The synthesized images can be more photo-realistic and identity-preserving by decomposing the image into content and style in a disentangled manner. While existing models focus on designing specialized network architecture to separate the two components, this paper investigates how to explicitly constrain the content and style statistics of images. We achieve this goal by transforming the input image into high frequency and low frequency information, which correspond to the content and style, respectively. We regulate the frequency distribution from two aspects: a) a spatial level restriction to locally restrict the frequency distribution of images; b) a spectral level regulation to enhance the global consistency among images. On multiple datasets we show that the proposed approach consistently leads to significant improvements on top of various state-of-the-art image translation models.      
### 27.PCLs: Geometry-aware Neural Reconstruction of 3D Pose with Perspective Crop Layers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13607.pdf)
>  Local processing is an essential feature of CNNs and other neural network architectures - it is one of the reasons why they work so well on images where relevant information is, to a large extent, local. However, perspective effects stemming from the projection in a conventional camera vary for different global positions in the image. We introduce Perspective Crop Layers (PCLs) - a form of perspective crop of the region of interest based on the camera geometry - and show that accounting for the perspective consistently improves the accuracy of state-of-the-art 3D pose reconstruction methods. PCLs are modular neural network layers, which, when inserted into existing CNN and MLP architectures, deterministically remove the location-dependent perspective effects while leaving end-to-end training and the number of parameters of the underlying neural network unchanged. We demonstrate that PCL leads to improved 3D human pose reconstruction accuracy for CNN architectures that use cropping operations, such as spatial transformer networks (STN), and, somewhat surprisingly, MLPs used for 2D-to-3D keypoint lifting. Our conclusion is that it is important to utilize camera calibration information when available, for classical and deep-learning-based computer vision alike. PCL offers an easy way to improve the accuracy of existing 3D reconstruction networks by making them geometry-aware.      
### 28.Multi-objective Neural Architecture Search with Almost No Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13591.pdf)
>  In the recent past, neural architecture search (NAS) has attracted increasing attention from both academia and industries. Despite the steady stream of impressive empirical results, most existing NAS algorithms are computationally prohibitive to execute due to the costly iterations of stochastic gradient descent (SGD) training. In this work, we propose an effective alternative, dubbed Random-Weight Evaluation (RWE), to rapidly estimate the performance of network architectures. By just training the last linear classification layer, RWE reduces the computational cost of evaluating an architecture from hours to seconds. When integrated within an evolutionary multi-objective algorithm, RWE obtains a set of efficient architectures with state-of-the-art performance on CIFAR-10 with less than two hours' searching on a single GPU card. Ablation studies on rank-order correlations and transfer learning experiments to ImageNet have further validated the effectiveness of RWE.      
### 29.Road Scene Graph: A Semantic Graph-Based Scene Representation Dataset for Intelligent Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13588.pdf)
>  Rich semantic information extraction plays a vital role on next-generation intelligent vehicles. Currently there is great amount of research focusing on fundamental applications such as 6D pose detection, road scene semantic segmentation, etc. And this provides us a great opportunity to think about how shall these data be organized and exploited. <br>In this paper we propose road scene graph,a special scene-graph for intelligent vehicles. Different to classical data representation, this graph provides not only object proposals but also their pair-wise relationships. By organizing them in a topological graph, these data are explainable, fully-connected, and could be easily processed by GCNs (Graph Convolutional Networks). Here we apply scene graph on roads using our Road Scene Graph dataset, including the basic graph prediction model. This work also includes experimental evaluations using the proposed model.      
### 30.A Sheaf and Topology Approach to Generating Local Branch Numbers in Digital Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13580.pdf)
>  This paper concerns a theoretical approach that combines topological data analysis (TDA) and sheaf theory. Topological data analysis, a rising field in mathematics and computer science, concerns the shape of the data and has been proven effective in many scientific disciplines. Sheaf theory, a mathematics subject in algebraic geometry, provides a framework for describing the local consistency in geometric objects. Persistent homology (PH) is one of the main driving forces in TDA, and the idea is to track changes of geometric objects at different scales. The persistence diagram (PD) summarizes the information of PH in the form of a multi-set. While PD provides useful information about the underlying objects, it lacks fine relations about the local consistency of specific pairs of generators in PD, such as the merging relation between two connected components in the PH. The sheaf structure provides a novel point of view for describing the merging relation of local objects in PH. It is the goal of this paper to establish a theoretic framework that utilizes the sheaf theory to uncover finer information from the PH. We also show that the proposed theory can be applied to identify the branch numbers of local objects in digital images.      
### 31.SocialGuard: An Adversarial Example Based Privacy-Preserving Technique for Social Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13560.pdf)
>  The popularity of various social platforms has prompted more people to share their routine photos online. However, undesirable privacy leakages occur due to such online photo sharing behaviors. Advanced deep neural network (DNN) based object detectors can easily steal users' personal information exposed in shared photos. In this paper, we propose a novel adversarial example based privacy-preserving technique for social images against object detectors based privacy stealing. Specifically, we develop an Object Disappearance Algorithm to craft two kinds of adversarial social images. One can hide all objects in the social images from being detected by an object detector, and the other can make the customized sensitive objects be incorrectly classified by the object detector. The Object Disappearance Algorithm constructs perturbation on a clean social image. After being injected with the perturbation, the social image can easily fool the object detector, while its visual quality will not be degraded. We use two metrics, privacy-preserving success rate and privacy leakage rate, to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed method. Experimental results show that, the proposed method can effectively protect the privacy of social images. The privacy-preserving success rates of the proposed method on MS-COCO and PASCAL VOC 2007 datasets are high up to 96.1% and 99.3%, respectively, and the privacy leakage rates on these two datasets are as low as 0.57% and 0.07%, respectively. In addition, compared with existing image processing methods (low brightness, noise, blur, mosaic and JPEG compression), the proposed method can achieve much better performance in privacy protection and image visual quality maintenance.      
### 32.Association: Remind Your GAN not to Forget  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13553.pdf)
>  Neural networks are susceptible to catastrophic forgetting. They fail to preserve previously acquired knowledge when adapting to new tasks. Inspired by human associative memory system, we propose a brain-like approach that imitates the associative learning process to achieve continual learning. We design a heuristics mechanism to potentiatively stimulates the model, which guides the model to recall the historical episodes based on the current circumstance and obtained association experience. Besides, a distillation measure is added to depressively alter the efficacy of synaptic transmission, which dampens the feature reconstruction learning for new task. The framework is mediated by potentiation and depression stimulation that play opposing roles in directing synaptic and behavioral plasticity. It requires no access to the original data and is more similar to human cognitive process. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our method in alleviating catastrophic forgetting on continual image reconstruction problems.      
### 33.Patch-VQ: 'Patching Up' the Video Quality Problem  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13544.pdf)
>  No-reference (NR) perceptual video quality assessment (VQA) is a complex, unsolved, and important problem to social and streaming media applications. Efficient and accurate video quality predictors are needed to monitor and guide the processing of billions of shared, often imperfect, user-generated content (UGC). Unfortunately, current NR models are limited in their prediction capabilities on real-world, "in-the-wild" UGC video data. To advance progress on this problem, we created the largest (by far) subjective video quality dataset, containing 39, 000 realworld distorted videos and 117, 000 space-time localized video patches ('v-patches'), and 5.5M human perceptual quality annotations. Using this, we created two unique NR-VQA models: (a) a local-to-global region-based NR VQA architecture (called PVQ) that learns to predict global video quality and achieves state-of-the-art performance on 3 UGC datasets, and (b) a first-of-a-kind space-time video quality mapping engine (called PVQ Mapper) that helps localize and visualize perceptual distortions in space and time. We will make the new database and prediction models available immediately following the review process.      
### 34.The NEOLIX Open Dataset for AutonomousDriving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13528.pdf)
>  With the gradual maturity of 5G technology,autonomous driving technology has attracted moreand more attention among the research commu-nity. Autonomous driving vehicles rely on the co-operation of artificial intelligence, visual comput-ing, radar, monitoring equipment and GPS, whichenables computers to operate motor vehicles auto-matically and safely without human interference.However, the large-scale dataset for training andsystem evaluation is still a hot potato in the devel-opment of robust perception models. In this paper,we present the NEOLIX dataset and its applica-tions in the autonomous driving area. Our datasetincludes about 30,000 frames with point cloud la-bels, and more than 600k 3D bounding boxes withannotations. The data collection covers multipleregions, and various driving conditions, includingday, night, dawn, dusk and sunny day. In orderto label this complete dataset, we developed vari-ous tools and algorithms specified for each task tospeed up the labelling process. It is expected thatour dataset and related algorithms can support andmotivate researchers for the further developmentof autonomous driving in the field of computer vi-sion.      
### 35.Robust Attacks on Deep Learning Face Recognition in the Physical World  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13526.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have been increasingly used in face recognition (FR) systems. Recent studies, however, show that DNNs are vulnerable to adversarial examples, which can potentially mislead the FR systems using DNNs in the physical world. Existing attacks on these systems either generate perturbations working merely in the digital world, or rely on customized equipments to generate perturbations and are not robust in varying physical environments. In this paper, we propose FaceAdv, a physical-world attack that crafts adversarial stickers to deceive FR systems. It mainly consists of a sticker generator and a transformer, where the former can craft several stickers with different shapes and the latter transformer aims to digitally attach stickers to human faces and provide feedbacks to the generator to improve the effectiveness of stickers. We conduct extensive experiments to evaluate the effectiveness of FaceAdv on attacking 3 typical FR systems (i.e., ArcFace, CosFace and FaceNet). The results show that compared with a state-of-the-art attack, FaceAdv can significantly improve success rate of both dodging and impersonating attacks. We also conduct comprehensive evaluations to demonstrate the robustness of FaceAdv.      
### 36.Tractable loss function and color image generation of multinary restricted Boltzmann machine  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13509.pdf)
>  The restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM) is a representative generative model based on the concept of statistical mechanics. In spite of the strong merit of interpretability, unavailability of backpropagation makes it less competitive than other generative models. Here we derive differentiable loss functions for both binary and multinary RBMs. Then we demonstrate their learnability and performance by generating colored face images.      
### 37.Neural-Pull: Learning Signed Distance Functions from Point Clouds by Learning to Pull Space onto Surfaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13495.pdf)
>  Reconstructing continuous surfaces from 3D point clouds is a fundamental operation in 3D geometry processing. Several recent state-of-the-art methods address this problem using neural networks to learn signed distance functions (SDFs). In this paper, we introduce Neural-Pull, a new approach that is simple and leads to high quality SDFs. Specifically, we train a neural network to pull query 3D locations to their closest neighbors on the surface using the predicted signed distance values and the gradient at the query locations, both of which are computed by the network itself. The pulling operation moves each query location with a stride given by the distance predicted by the network. Based on the sign of the distance, this may move the query location along or against the direction of the gradient of the SDF. This is a differentiable operation that allows us to update the signed distance value and the gradient simultaneously during training. Our outperforming results under widely used benchmarks demonstrate that we can learn SDFs more accurately and flexibly for surface reconstruction and single image reconstruction than the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 38.Bidirectional Modeling and Analysis of Brain Aging with Normalizing Flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13484.pdf)
>  Brain aging is a widely studied longitudinal process throughout which the brain undergoes considerable morphological changes and various machine learning approaches have been proposed to analyze it. Within this context, brain age prediction from structural MR images and age-specific brain morphology template generation are two problems that have attracted much attention. While most approaches tackle these tasks independently, we assume that they are inverse directions of the same functional bidirectional relationship between a brain's morphology and an age variable. In this paper, we propose to model this relationship with a single conditional normalizing flow, which unifies brain age prediction and age-conditioned generative modeling in a novel way. In an initial evaluation of this idea, we show that our normalizing flow brain aging model can accurately predict brain age while also being able to generate age-specific brain morphology templates that realistically represent the typical aging trend in a healthy population. This work is a step towards unified modeling of functional relationships between 3D brain morphology and clinical variables of interest with powerful normalizing flows.      
### 39.Fine-Grained Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13475.pdf)
>  Research into the task of re-identification (ReID) is picking up momentum in computer vision for its many use cases and zero-shot learning nature. This paper proposes a computationally efficient fine-grained ReID model, FGReID, which is among the first models to unify image and video ReID while keeping the number of training parameters minimal. FGReID takes advantage of video-based pre-training and spatial feature attention to improve performance on both video and image ReID tasks. FGReID achieves state-of-the-art (SOTA) on MARS, iLIDS-VID, and PRID-2011 video person ReID benchmarks. Eliminating temporal pooling yields an image ReID model that surpasses SOTA on CUHK01 and Market1501 image person ReID benchmarks. The FGReID achieves near SOTA performance on the vehicle ReID dataset VeRi as well, demonstrating its ability to generalize. Additionally we do an ablation study analyzing the key features influencing model performance on ReID tasks. Finally, we discuss the moral dilemmas related to ReID tasks, including the potential for misuse. Code for this work is publicly available at https: //github.com/ppriyank/Fine-grained-ReIdentification.      
### 40.Multi-view Human Pose and Shape Estimation Using Learnable Volumetric Aggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13427.pdf)
>  Human pose and shape estimation from RGB images is a highly sought after alternative to marker-based motion capture, which is laborious, requires expensive equipment, and constrains capture to laboratory environments. Monocular vision-based algorithms, however, still suffer from rotational ambiguities and are not ready for translation in healthcare applications, where high accuracy is paramount. While fusion of data from multiple viewpoints could overcome these challenges, current algorithms require further improvement to obtain clinically acceptable accuracies. In this paper, we propose a learnable volumetric aggregation approach to reconstruct 3D human body pose and shape from calibrated multi-view images. We use a parametric representation of the human body, which makes our approach directly applicable to medical applications. Compared to previous approaches, our framework shows higher accuracy and greater promise for real-time prediction, given its cost efficiency.      
### 41.Generative Layout Modeling using Constraint Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13417.pdf)
>  We propose a new generative model for layout generation. We generate layouts in three steps. First, we generate the layout elements as nodes in a layout graph. Second, we compute constraints between layout elements as edges in the layout graph. Third, we solve for the final layout using constrained optimization. For the first two steps, we build on recent transformer architectures. The layout optimization implements the constraints efficiently. We show three practical contributions compared to the state of the art: our work requires no user input, produces higher quality layouts, and enables many novel capabilities for conditional layout generation.      
### 42.Learning from Lexical Perturbations for Consistent Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13406.pdf)
>  Existing Visual Question Answering (VQA) models are often fragile and sensitive to input variations. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to address this issue based on modular networks, which creates two questions related by linguistic perturbations and regularizes the visual reasoning process between them to be consistent during training. We show that our framework markedly improves consistency and generalization ability, demonstrating the value of controlled linguistic perturbations as a useful and currently underutilized training and regularization tool for VQA models. We also present VQA Perturbed Pairings (VQA P2), a new, low-cost benchmark and augmentation pipeline to create controllable linguistic variations of VQA questions. Our benchmark uniquely draws from large-scale linguistic resources, avoiding human annotation effort while maintaining data quality compared to generative approaches. We benchmark existing VQA models using VQA P2 and provide robustness analysis on each type of linguistic variation.      
### 43.Depth-Aware Action Recognition: Pose-Motion Encoding through Temporal Heatmaps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13399.pdf)
>  Most state-of-the-art methods for action recognition rely only on 2D spatial features encoding appearance, motion or pose. However, 2D data lacks the depth information, which is crucial for recognizing fine-grained actions. In this paper, we propose a depth-aware volumetric descriptor that encodes pose and motion information in a unified representation for action classification in-the-wild. Our framework is robust to many challenges inherent to action recognition, e.g. variation in viewpoint, scene, clothing and body shape. The key component of our method is the Depth-Aware Pose Motion representation (DA-PoTion), a new video descriptor that encodes the 3D movement of semantic keypoints of the human body. Given a video, we produce human joint heatmaps for each frame using a state-of-the-art 3D human pose regressor and we give each of them a unique color code according to the relative time in the clip. Then, we aggregate such 3D time-encoded heatmaps for all human joints to obtain a fixed-size descriptor (DA-PoTion), which is suitable for classifying actions using a shallow 3D convolutional neural network (CNN). The DA-PoTion alone defines a new state-of-the-art on the Penn Action Dataset. Moreover, we leverage the intrinsic complementarity of our pose motion descriptor with appearance based approaches by combining it with Inflated 3D ConvNet (I3D) to define a new state-of-the-art on the JHMDB Dataset.      
### 44.3DSNet: Unsupervised Shape-to-Shape 3D Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13388.pdf)
>  Transferring the style from one image onto another is a popular and widely studied task in computer vision. Yet, learning-based style transfer in the 3D setting remains a largely unexplored problem. To our knowledge, we propose the first learning-based generative approach for style transfer between 3D objects. Our method allows to combine the content and style of a source and target 3D model to generate a novel shape that resembles in style the target while retaining the source content. The proposed framework can synthesize new 3D shapes both in the form of point clouds and meshes. Furthermore, we extend our technique to implicitly learn the underlying multimodal style distribution of the individual category domains. By sampling style codes from the learned distributions, we increase the variety of styles that our model can confer to a given reference object. Experimental results validate the effectiveness of the proposed 3D style transfer method on a number of benchmarks.      
### 45.How Well Do Self-Supervised Models Transfer?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13377.pdf)
>  Self-supervised visual representation learning has seen huge progress in recent months. However, no large scale evaluation has compared the many pre-trained models that are now available. In this paper, we evaluate the transfer performance of 13 top self-supervised models on 25 downstream tasks, including many-shot classification, few-shot classification, object detection and dense prediction. We compare their performance to a supervised baseline and conclude that on most datasets, the best self-supervised models outperform supervision, confirming the recently observed trend in the literature. We find ImageNet Top-1 accuracy to be highly correlated with transfer to many-shot recognition, but increasingly less so for few-shot, object detection and dense prediction, as well as to unstructured data. There is no single self-supervised method which dominates overall, but notably DeepCluster-v2 comes out on top in recognition and SimCLR-v2 in detection and dense prediction. Our analysis of feature properties suggests that top self-supervised learners struggle to preserve colour information as well as supervised (likely due to use of augmentation), but exhibit better calibration for recognition and suffer from less attentive overfitting than supervised learners.      
### 46.Invisible Perturbations: Physical Adversarial Examples Exploiting the Rolling Shutter Effect  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13375.pdf)
>  Physical adversarial examples for camera-based computer vision have so far been achieved through visible artifacts -- a sticker on a Stop sign, colorful borders around eyeglasses or a 3D printed object with a colorful texture. An implicit assumption here is that the perturbations must be visible so that a camera can sense them. By contrast, we contribute a procedure to generate, for the first time, physical adversarial examples that are invisible to human eyes. Rather than modifying the victim object with visible artifacts, we modify light that illuminates the object. We demonstrate how an attacker can craft a modulated light signal that adversarially illuminates a scene and causes targeted misclassifications on a state-of-the-art ImageNet deep learning model. Concretely, we exploit the radiometric rolling shutter effect in commodity cameras to create precise striping patterns that appear on images. To human eyes, it appears like the object is illuminated, but the camera creates an image with stripes that will cause ML models to output the attacker-desired classification. We conduct a range of simulation and physical experiments with LEDs, demonstrating targeted attack rates up to 84%.      
### 47.Automated Blood Cell Counting from Non-invasive Capillaroscopy Videos with Bidirectional Temporal Deep Learning Tracking Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13371.pdf)
>  Oblique back-illumination capillaroscopy has recently been introduced as a method for high-quality, non-invasive blood cell imaging in human capillaries. To make this technique practical for clinical blood cell counting, solutions for automatic processing of acquired videos are needed. Here, we take the first step towards this goal, by introducing a deep learning multi-cell tracking model, named CycleTrack, which achieves accurate blood cell counting from capillaroscopic videos. CycleTrack combines two simple online tracking models, SORT and CenterTrack, and is tailored to features of capillary blood cell flow. Blood cells are tracked by displacement vectors in two opposing temporal directions (forward- and backward-tracking) between consecutive frames. This approach yields accurate tracking despite rapidly moving and deforming blood cells. The proposed model outperforms other baseline trackers, achieving 65.57% Multiple Object Tracking Accuracy and 73.95% ID F1 score on test videos. Compared to manual blood cell counting, CycleTrack achieves 96.58 $\pm$ 2.43% cell counting accuracy among 8 test videos with 1000 frames each compared to 93.45% and 77.02% accuracy for independent CenterTrack and SORT almost without additional time expense. It takes 800s to track and count approximately 8000 blood cells from 9,600 frames captured in a typical one-minute video. Moreover, the blood cell velocity measured by CycleTrack demonstrates a consistent, pulsatile pattern within the physiological range of heart rate. Lastly, we discuss future improvements for the CycleTrack framework, which would enable clinical translation of the oblique back-illumination microscope towards a real-time and non-invasive point-of-care blood cell counting and analyzing technology.      
### 48.SoccerNet-v2 : A Dataset and Benchmarks for Holistic Understanding of Broadcast Soccer Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13367.pdf)
>  Understanding broadcast videos is a challenging task in computer vision, as it requires generic reasoning capabilities to appreciate the content offered by the video editing. In this work, we propose SoccerNet-v2, a novel large-scale corpus of manual annotations for the SoccerNet video dataset, along with open challenges to encourage more research in soccer understanding and broadcast production. Specifically, we release around 300k annotations within SoccerNet's 500 untrimmed broadcast soccer videos. We extend current tasks in the realm of soccer to include action spotting, camera shot segmentation with boundary detection, and we define a novel replay grounding task. For each task, we provide and discuss benchmark results, reproducible with our open-source adapted implementations of the most relevant works in the field. SoccerNet-v2 is presented to the broader research community to help push computer vision closer to automatic solutions for more general video understanding and production purposes.      
### 49.SSDL: Self-Supervised Domain Learning for Improved Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13361.pdf)
>  Face recognition in unconstrained environments is challenging due to variations in illumination, quality of sensing, motion blur and etc. An individual's face appearance can vary drastically under different conditions creating a gap between train (source) and varying test (target) data. The domain gap could cause decreased performance levels in direct knowledge transfer from source to target. Despite fine-tuning with domain specific data could be an effective solution, collecting and annotating data for all domains is extremely expensive. To this end, we propose a self-supervised domain learning (SSDL) scheme that trains on triplets mined from unlabelled data. A key factor in effective discriminative learning, is selecting informative triplets. Building on most confident predictions, we follow an "easy-to-hard" scheme of alternate triplet mining and self-learning. Comprehensive experiments on four different benchmarks show that SSDL generalizes well on different domains.      
### 50.ClusterFace: Joint Clustering and Classification for Set-Based Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13360.pdf)
>  Deep learning technology has enabled successful modeling of complex facial features when high quality images are available. Nonetheless, accurate modeling and recognition of human faces in real world scenarios `on the wild' or under adverse conditions remains an open problem. When unconstrained faces are mapped into deep features, variations such as illumination, pose, occlusion, etc., can create inconsistencies in the resultant feature space. Hence, deriving conclusions based on direct associations could lead to degraded performance. This rises the requirement for a basic feature space analysis prior to face recognition. This paper devises a joint clustering and classification scheme which learns deep face associations in an easy-to-hard way. Our method is based on hierarchical clustering where the early iterations tend to preserve high reliability. The rationale of our method is that a reliable clustering result can provide insights on the distribution of the feature space, that can guide the classification that follows. Experimental evaluations on three tasks, face verification, face identification and rank-order search, demonstrates better or competitive performance compared to the state-of-the-art, on all three experiments.      
### 51.Beyond Single Instance Multi-view Unsupervised Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13356.pdf)
>  Recent unsupervised contrastive representation learning follows a Single Instance Multi-view (SIM) paradigm where positive pairs are usually constructed with intra-image data augmentation. In this paper, we propose an effective approach called Beyond Single Instance Multi-view (BSIM). Specifically, we impose more accurate instance discrimination capability by measuring the joint similarity between two randomly sampled instances and their mixture, namely spurious-positive pairs. We believe that learning joint similarity helps to improve the performance when encoded features are distributed more evenly in the latent space. We apply it as an orthogonal improvement for unsupervised contrastive representation learning, including current outstanding methods SimCLR, MoCo, and BYOL. We evaluate our learned representations on many downstream benchmarks like linear classification on ImageNet-1k and PASCAL VOC 2007, object detection on MS COCO 2017 and VOC, etc. We obtain substantial gains with a large margin almost on all these tasks compared with prior arts.      
### 52.4D Human Body Capture from Egocentric Video via 3D Scene Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13341.pdf)
>  To understand human daily social interaction from egocentric perspective, we introduce a novel task of reconstructing a time series of second-person 3D human body meshes from monocular egocentric videos. The unique viewpoint and rapid embodied camera motion of egocentric videos raise additional technical barriers for human body capture. To address those challenges, we propose a novel optimization-based approach that leverages 2D observations of the entire video sequence and human-scene interaction constraint to estimate second-person human poses, shapes and global motion that are grounded on the 3D environment captured from the egocentric view. We conduct detailed ablation studies to validate our design choice. Moreover, we compare our method with previous state-of-the-art method on human motion capture from monocular video, and show that our method estimates more accurate human-body poses and shapes under the challenging egocentric setting. In addition, we demonstrate that our approach produces more realistic human-scene interaction. Our project page is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://aptx4869lm.github.io/4DEgocentricBodyCapture/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 53.DyCo3D: Robust Instance Segmentation of 3D Point Clouds through Dynamic Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13328.pdf)
>  Previous top-performing approaches for point cloud instance segmentation involve a bottom-up strategy, which often includes inefficient operations or complex pipelines, such as grouping over-segmented components, introducing additional steps for refining, or designing complicated loss functions. The inevitable variation in the instance scales can lead bottom-up methods to become particularly sensitive to hyper-parameter values. To this end, we propose instead a dynamic, proposal-free, data-driven approach that generates the appropriate convolution kernels to apply in response to the nature of the instances. To make the kernels discriminative, we explore a large context by gathering homogeneous points that share identical semantic categories and have close votes for the geometric centroids. Instances are then decoded by several simple convolutional layers. Due to the limited receptive field introduced by the sparse convolution, a small light-weight transformer is also devised to capture the long-range dependencies and high-level interactions among point samples. The proposed method achieves promising results on both ScanetNetV2 and S3DIS, and this performance is robust to the particular hyper-parameter values chosen. It also improves inference speed by more than 25% over the current state-of-the-art. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/DyCo3D" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 54.Spatio-Temporal Inception Graph Convolutional Networks for Skeleton-Based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13322.pdf)
>  Skeleton-based human action recognition has attracted much attention with the prevalence of accessible depth sensors. Recently, graph convolutional networks (GCNs) have been widely used for this task due to their powerful capability to model graph data. The topology of the adjacency graph is a key factor for modeling the correlations of the input skeletons. Thus, previous methods mainly focus on the design/learning of the graph topology. But once the topology is learned, only a single-scale feature and one transformation exist in each layer of the networks. Many insights, such as multi-scale information and multiple sets of transformations, that have been proven to be very effective in convolutional neural networks (CNNs), have not been investigated in GCNs. The reason is that, due to the gap between graph-structured skeleton data and conventional image/video data, it is very challenging to embed these insights into GCNs. To overcome this gap, we reinvent the split-transform-merge strategy in GCNs for skeleton sequence processing. Specifically, we design a simple and highly modularized graph convolutional network architecture for skeleton-based action recognition. Our network is constructed by repeating a building block that aggregates multi-granularity information from both the spatial and temporal paths. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our network outperforms state-of-the-art methods by a significant margin with only 1/5 of the parameters and 1/10 of the FLOPs.      
### 55.Adaptive Multiplane Image Generation from a Single Internet Picture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13317.pdf)
>  In the last few years, several works have tackled the problem of novel view synthesis from stereo images or even from a single picture. However, previous methods are computationally expensive, specially for high-resolution images. In this paper, we address the problem of generating a multiplane image (MPI) from a single high-resolution picture. We present the adaptive-MPI representation, which allows rendering novel views with low computational requirements. To this end, we propose an adaptive slicing algorithm that produces an MPI with a variable number of image planes. We present a new lightweight CNN for depth estimation, which is learned by knowledge distillation from a larger network. Occluded regions in the adaptive-MPI are inpainted also by a lightweight CNN. We show that our method is capable of producing high-quality predictions with one order of magnitude less parameters compared to previous approaches. The robustness of our method is evidenced on challenging pictures from the Internet.      
### 56.Polarization-driven Semantic Segmentation via Efficient Attention-bridged Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13313.pdf)
>  Semantic Segmentation (SS) is promising for outdoor scene perception in safety-critical applications like autonomous vehicles, assisted navigation and so on. However, traditional SS is primarily based on RGB images, which limits the reliability of SS in complex outdoor scenes, where RGB images lack necessary information dimensions to fully perceive unconstrained environments. As preliminary investigation, we examine SS in an unexpected obstacle detection scenario, which demonstrates the necessity of multimodal fusion. Thereby, in this work, we present EAFNet, an Efficient Attention-bridged Fusion Network to exploit complementary information coming from different optical sensors. Specifically, we incorporate polarization sensing to obtain supplementary information, considering its optical characteristics for robust representation of diverse materials. By using a single-shot polarization sensor, we build the first RGB-P dataset which consists of 394 annotated pixel-aligned RGB-Polarization images. A comprehensive variety of experiments shows the effectiveness of EAFNet to fuse polarization and RGB information, as well as the flexibility to be adapted to other sensor combination scenarios.      
### 57.SelfText Beyond Polygon: Unconstrained Text Detection with Box Supervision and Dynamic Self-Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13307.pdf)
>  Although a polygon is a more accurate representation than an upright bounding box for text detection, the annotations of polygons are extremely expensive and challenging. Unlike existing works that employ fully-supervised training with polygon annotations, we propose a novel text detection system termed SelfText Beyond Polygon (SBP) with Bounding Box Supervision (BBS) and Dynamic Self Training (DST), where training a polygon-based text detector with only a limited set of upright bounding box annotations. For BBS, we firstly utilize the synthetic data with character-level annotations to train a Skeleton Attention Segmentation Network (SASN). Then the box-level annotations are adopted to guide the generation of high-quality polygon-liked pseudo labels, which can be used to train any detectors. In this way, our method achieves the same performance as text detectors trained with polygon annotations (i.e., both are 85.0% F-score for PSENet on ICDAR2015 ). For DST, through dynamically removing the false alarms, it is able to leverage limited labeled data as well as massive unlabeled data to further outperform the expensive baseline. We hope SBP can provide a new perspective for text detection to save huge labeling costs.      
### 58.Group-Skeleton-Based Human Action Recognition in Complex Events  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13273.pdf)
>  Human action recognition as an important application of computer vision has been studied for decades. Among various approaches, skeleton-based methods recently attract increasing attention due to their robust and superior performance. However, existing skeleton-based methods ignore the potential action relationships between different persons, while the action of a person is highly likely to be impacted by another person especially in complex events. In this paper, we propose a novel group-skeleton-based human action recognition method in complex events. This method first utilizes multi-scale spatial-temporal graph convolutional networks (MS-G3Ds) to extract skeleton features from multiple persons. In addition to the traditional key point coordinates, we also input the key point speed values to the networks for better performance. Then we use multilayer perceptrons (MLPs) to embed the distance values between the reference person and other persons into the extracted features. Lastly, all the features are fed into another MS-G3D for feature fusion and classification. For avoiding class imbalance problems, the networks are trained with a focal loss. The proposed algorithm is also our solution for the Large-scale Human-centric Video Analysis in Complex Events Challenge. Results on the HiEve dataset show that our method can give superior performance compared to other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 59.CYPUR-NN: Crop Yield Prediction Using Regression and Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13265.pdf)
>  Our recent study using historic data of paddy yield and associated conditions include humidity, luminescence, and temperature. By incorporating regression models and neural networks (NN), one can produce highly satisfactory forecasting of paddy yield. Simulations indicate that our model can predict paddy yield with high accuracy while concurrently detecting diseases that may exist and are oblivious to the human eye. Crop Yield Prediction Using Regression and Neural Networks (CYPUR-NN) is developed here as a system that will facilitate agriculturists and farmers to predict yield from a picture or by entering values via a web interface. CYPUR-NN has been tested on stock images and the experimental results are promising.      
### 60.Channel-wise Distillation for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13256.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation (KD) has been proven to be a simple and effective tool for training compact models. Almost all KD variants for semantic segmentation align the student and teacher networks' feature maps in the spatial domain, typically by minimizing point-wise and/or pair-wise discrepancy. Observing that in semantic segmentation, some layers' feature activations of each channel tend to encode saliency of scene categories (analogue to class activation mapping), we propose to align features channel-wise between the student and teacher networks. To this end, we first transform the feature map of each channel into a distribution using softmax normalization, and then minimize the Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence of the corresponding channels of the two networks. By doing so, our method focuses on mimicking the soft distributions of channels between networks. In particular, the KL divergence enables learning to pay more attention to the most salient regions of the channel-wise maps, presumably corresponding to the most useful signals for semantic segmentation. Experiments demonstrate that our channel-wise distillation outperforms almost all existing spatial distillation methods for semantic segmentation considerably, and requires less computational cost during training. We consistently achieve superior performance on three benchmarks with various network structures. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/ChannelDis" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 61.IFSS-Net: Interactive Few-Shot Siamese Network for Faster Muscles Segmentation and Propagation in 3-D Freehand Ultrasound  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13246.pdf)
>  We present an accurate, fast and efficient method for segmentation and muscle mask propagation in 3D freehand ultrasound data, towards accurate volume quantification. To this end, we propose a deep Siamese 3D Encoder-Decoder network that captures the evolution of the muscle appearance and shape for contiguous slices and uses it to propagate a reference mask annotated by a clinical expert. To handle longer changes of the muscle shape over the entire volume and to provide an accurate propagation, we devised a Bidirectional Long Short Term Memory module. To train our model with a minimal amount of training samples, we propose a strategy to combine learning from few annotated 2D ultrasound slices with sequential pseudo-labeling of the unannotated slices. To promote few-shot learning, we propose a decremental update of the objective function to guide the model convergence in the absence of large amounts of annotated data. Finally, to handle the class-imbalance between foreground and background muscle pixels, we propose a parametric Tversky loss function that learns to adaptively penalize false positives and false negatives. We validate our approach for the segmentation, label propagation, and volume computation of the three low-limb muscles on a dataset of 44 subjects. We achieve a dice score coefficient of over $95~\%$ and a small fraction of error with $1.6035~\pm~0.587$.      
### 62.MVTN: Multi-View Transformation Network for 3D Shape Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13244.pdf)
>  Multi-view projection methods have shown the capability to reach state-of-the-art performance on 3D shape recognition. Most advances in multi-view representation focus on pooling techniques that learn to aggregate information from the different views, which tend to be heuristically set and fixed for all shapes. To circumvent the lack of dynamism of current multi-view methods, we propose to learn those viewpoints. In particular, we introduce a Multi-View Transformation Network (MVTN) that regresses optimal viewpoints for 3D shape recognition. By leveraging advances in differentiable rendering, our MVTN is trained end-to-end with any multi-view network and optimized for 3D shape classification. We show that MVTN can be seamlessly integrated into various multi-view approaches to exhibit clear performance gains in the tasks of 3D shape classification and shape retrieval without any extra training supervision. Furthermore, our MVTN improves multi-view networks to achieve state-of-the-art performance in rotation robustness and in object shape retrieval on ModelNet40.      
### 63.The Devil is in the Boundary: Exploiting Boundary Representation for Basis-based Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13241.pdf)
>  Pursuing a more coherent scene understanding towards real-time vision applications, single-stage instance segmentation has recently gained popularity, achieving a simpler and more efficient design than its two-stage counterparts. Besides, its global mask representation often leads to superior accuracy to the two-stage Mask R-CNN which has been dominant thus far. Despite the promising advances in single-stage methods, finer delineation of instance boundaries still remains unexcavated. Indeed, boundary information provides a strong shape representation that can operate in synergy with the fully-convolutional mask features of the single-stage segmenter. In this work, we propose Boundary Basis based Instance Segmentation(B2Inst) to learn a global boundary representation that can complement existing global-mask-based methods that are often lacking high-frequency details. Besides, we devise a unified quality measure of both mask and boundary and introduce a network block that learns to score the per-instance predictions of itself. When applied to the strongest baselines in single-stage instance segmentation, our B2Inst leads to consistent improvements and accurately parse out the instance boundaries in a scene. Regardless of being single-stage or two-stage frameworks, we outperform the existing state-of-the-art methods on the COCO dataset with the same ResNet-50 and ResNet-101 backbones.      
### 64.MultiStar: Instance Segmentation of Overlapping Objects with Star-Convex Polygons  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13228.pdf)
>  Instance segmentation of overlapping objects in biomedical images remains a largely unsolved problem. We take up this challenge and present MultiStar, an extension to the popular instance segmentation method StarDist. The key novelty of our method is that we identify pixels at which objects overlap and use this information to improve proposal sampling and to avoid suppressing proposals of truly overlapping objects. This allows us to apply the ideas of StarDist to images with overlapping objects, while incurring only a small overhead compared to the established method. MultiStar shows promising results on two datasets and has the advantage of using a simple and easy to train network architecture.      
### 65.Depth-Enhanced Feature Pyramid Network for Occlusion-Aware Verification of Buildings from Oblique Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13226.pdf)
>  Detecting the changes of buildings in urban environments is essential. Existing methods that use only nadir images suffer from severe problems of ambiguous features and occlusions between buildings and other regions. Furthermore, buildings in urban environments vary significantly in scale, which leads to performance issues when using single-scale features. To solve these issues, this paper proposes a fused feature pyramid network, which utilizes both color and depth data for the 3D verification of existing buildings 2D footprints from oblique images. First, the color data of oblique images are enriched with the depth information rendered from 3D mesh models. Second, multiscale features are fused in the feature pyramid network to convolve both the color and depth data. Finally, multi-view information from both the nadir and oblique images is used in a robust voting procedure to label changes in existing buildings. Experimental evaluations using both the ISPRS benchmark datasets and Shenzhen datasets reveal that the proposed method outperforms the ResNet and EfficientNet networks by 5\% and 2\%, respectively, in terms of recall rate and precision. We demonstrate that the proposed method can successfully detect all changed buildings; therefore, only those marked as changed need to be manually checked during the pipeline updating procedure; this significantly reduces the manual quality control requirements. Moreover, ablation studies indicate that using depth data, feature pyramid modules, and multi-view voting strategies can lead to clear and progressive improvements.      
### 66.Handling Object Symmetries in CNN-based Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13209.pdf)
>  In this paper we investigate the problems that Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) based pose estimators have with symmetric objects. We find that the CNN's output representation has to form a closed loop when continuously rotating by one step of symmetry. Otherwise the CNN has to learn an uncontinuous function. On a 1-DOF toy example we show that commonly used representations do not fulfill this demand and analyze the problems caused thereby. In particular we find, that the popular min-over-symmetries approach for creating a symmetry aware loss tends not to work well with gradient based optimization, i.e. deep learning. We propose a representation called "closed symmetry loop"' (csl) from these insights, where the angle of relevant vectors is multiplied by the symmetry order and then generalize it to 6-DOF. The representation extends our previous algorithm including a method to disambiguate symmetric equivalents during the final pose estimation. The algorithm handles continuous rotational symmetry (i.e. a bottle) and discrete rotational symmetry (general boxes, boxes with a square face, uniform prims, but no cubes). It is evaluated on the T-LESS dataset.      
### 67.t-EVA: Time-Efficient t-SNE Video Annotation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13202.pdf)
>  Video understanding has received more attention in the past few years due to the availability of several large-scale video datasets. However, annotating large-scale video datasets are cost-intensive. In this work, we propose a time-efficient video annotation method using spatio-temporal feature similarity and t-SNE dimensionality reduction to speed up the annotation process massively. Placing the same actions from different videos near each other in the two-dimensional space based on feature similarity helps the annotator to group-label video clips. We evaluate our method on two subsets of the ActivityNet (v1.3) and a subset of the Sports-1M dataset. We show that t-EVA can outperform other video annotation tools while maintaining test accuracy on video classification.      
### 68.TinaFace: Strong but Simple Baseline for Face Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13183.pdf)
>  Face detection has received intensive attention in recent years. Many works present lots of special methods for face detection from different perspectives like model architecture, data augmentation, label assignment and etc., which make the overall algorithm and system become more and more complex. In this paper, we point out that \textbf{there is no gap between face detection and generic object detection}. Then we provide a strong but simple baseline method to deal with face detection named TinaFace. We use ResNet-50 \cite{he2016deep} as backbone, and all modules and techniques in TinaFace are constructed on existing modules, easily implemented and based on generic object detection. On the hard test set of the most popular and challenging face detection benchmark WIDER FACE \cite{yang2016wider}, with single-model and single-scale, our TinaFace achieves 92.1\% average precision (AP), which exceeds most of the recent face detectors with larger backbone. And after using test time augmentation (TTA), our TinaFace outperforms the current state-of-the-art method and achieves 92.4\% AP. The code will be available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Media-Smart/vedadet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 69.Transformation Driven Visual Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13160.pdf)
>  This paper defines a new visual reasoning paradigm by introducing an important factor, i.e., transformation. The motivation comes from the fact that most existing visual reasoning tasks, such as CLEVR in VQA, are solely defined to test how well the machine understands the concepts and relations within static settings, like one image. We argue that this kind of state driven visual reasoning approach has limitations in reflecting whether the machine has the ability to infer the dynamics between different states, which has been shown as important as state-level reasoning for human cognition in Piaget's theory. To tackle this problem, we propose a novel transformation driven visual reasoning task. Given both the initial and final states, the target is to infer the corresponding single-step or multi-step transformation, represented as a triplet (object, attribute, value) or a sequence of triplets, respectively. Following this definition, a new dataset namely TRANCE is constructed on the basis of CLEVR, including three levels of settings, i.e., Basic (single-step transformation), Event (multi-step transformation), and View (multi-step transformation with variant views). Experimental results show that the state-of-the-art visual reasoning models perform well on Basic, but are still far from human-level intelligence on Event and View. We believe the proposed new paradigm will boost the development of machine visual reasoning. More advanced methods and real data need to be investigated in this direction. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hughplay/TVR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 70.Continuous Conversion of CT Kernel using Switchable CycleGAN with AdaIN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13150.pdf)
>  In X-ray computed tomography (CT) reconstruction, different filter kernels are used for different structures being emphasized. Since the raw sinogram data is usually removed after reconstruction, in case there are additional requirements for reconstructed images with other types of kernels that were not previously generated, the patient may need to be scanned again. Accordingly, there exists increasing demand for post-hoc image domain conversion from one kernel to another without sacrificing the image content. In this paper, we propose a novel unsupervised kernel conversion method using cycle-consistent generative adversarial network (cycleGAN) with adaptive instance normalization (AdaIN). In contrast to the existing deep learning approaches for kernel conversion, our method does not require paired dataset for training. In addition, our network can not only translate the images between two different kernels but also generate images on every interpolating path along an optimal transport between the two kernel image domains, enabling synergestic combination of the two filter kernels. Experimental results confirm the advantages of the proposed algorithm.      
### 71.Dense Attention Fluid Network for Salient Object Detection in Optical Remote Sensing Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13144.pdf)
>  Despite the remarkable advances in visual saliency analysis for natural scene images (NSIs), salient object detection (SOD) for optical remote sensing images (RSIs) still remains an open and challenging problem. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end Dense Attention Fluid Network (DAFNet) for SOD in optical RSIs. A Global Context-aware Attention (GCA) module is proposed to adaptively capture long-range semantic context relationships, and is further embedded in a Dense Attention Fluid (DAF) structure that enables shallow attention cues flow into deep layers to guide the generation of high-level feature attention maps. Specifically, the GCA module is composed of two key components, where the global feature aggregation module achieves mutual reinforcement of salient feature embeddings from any two spatial locations, and the cascaded pyramid attention module tackles the scale variation issue by building up a cascaded pyramid framework to progressively refine the attention map in a coarse-to-fine manner. In addition, we construct a new and challenging optical RSI dataset for SOD that contains 2,000 images with pixel-wise saliency annotations, which is currently the largest publicly available benchmark. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed DAFNet significantly outperforms the existing state-of-the-art SOD competitors. <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rmcong/DAFNet_TIP20" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 72.A Fast Point Cloud Ground Segmentation Approach Based on Coarse-To-Fine Markov Random Field  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13140.pdf)
>  Ground segmentation is an important preprocessing task for autonomous vehicles (AVs) with 3D LiDARs. To solve the problem of existing ground segmentation methods being very difficult to balance accuracy and computational complexity, a fast point cloud ground segmentation approach based on a coarse-to-fine Markov random field (MRF) method is proposed. The method uses an improved elevation map for ground coarse segmentation, and then uses spatiotemporal adjacent points to optimize the segmentation results. The processed point cloud is classified into high-confidence obstacle points, ground points, and unknown classification points to initialize an MRF model. The graph cut method is then used to solve the model to achieve fine segmentation. Experiments on datasets showed that our method improves on other algorithms in terms of ground segmentation accuracy and is faster than other graph-based algorithms, which require only a single core of an I7-3770 CPU to process a frame of Velodyne HDL-64E data (in 39.77 ms, on average). Field tests were also conducted to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 73.Lifting 2D StyleGAN for 3D-Aware Face Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13126.pdf)
>  We propose a framework, called LiftedGAN, that disentangles and lifts a pre-trained StyleGAN2 for 3D-aware face generation. Our model is "3D-aware" in the sense that it is able to (1) disentangle the latent space of StyleGAN2 into texture, shape, viewpoint, lighting and (2) generate 3D components for rendering synthetic images. Unlike most previous methods, our method is completely self-supervised, i.e. it neither requires any manual annotation nor 3DMM model for training. Instead, it learns to generate images as well as their 3D components by distilling the prior knowledge in StyleGAN2 with a differentiable renderer. The proposed model is able to output both the 3D shape and texture, allowing explicit pose and lighting control over generated images. Qualitative and quantitative results show the superiority of our approach over existing methods on 3D-controllable GANs in content controllability while generating realistic high quality images.      
### 74.Multi-view Depth Estimation using Epipolar Spatio-Temporal Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13118.pdf)
>  We present a novel method for multi-view depth estimation from a single video, which is a critical task in various applications, such as perception, reconstruction and robot navigation. Although previous learning-based methods have demonstrated compelling results, most works estimate depth maps of individual video frames independently, without taking into consideration the strong geometric and temporal coherence among the frames. Moreover, current state-of-the-art (SOTA) models mostly adopt a fully 3D convolution network for cost regularization and therefore require high computational cost, thus limiting their deployment in real-world applications. Our method achieves temporally coherent depth estimation results by using a novel Epipolar Spatio-Temporal (EST) transformer to explicitly associate geometric and temporal correlation with multiple estimated depth maps. Furthermore, to reduce the computational cost, inspired by recent Mixture-of-Experts models, we design a compact hybrid network consisting of a 2D context-aware network and a 3D matching network which learn 2D context information and 3D disparity cues separately. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our method achieves higher accuracy in depth estimation and significant speedup than the SOTA methods.      
### 75.Polka Lines: Learning Structured Illumination and Reconstruction for Active Stereo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13117.pdf)
>  Active stereo cameras that recover depth from structured light captures have become a cornerstone sensor modality for 3D scene reconstruction and understanding tasks across application domains. Existing active stereo cameras project a pseudo-random dot pattern on object surfaces to extract disparity independently of object texture. Such hand-crafted patterns are designed in isolation from the scene statistics, ambient illumination conditions, and the reconstruction method. In this work, we propose the first method to jointly learn structured illumination and reconstruction, parameterized by a diffractive optical element and a neural network, in an end-to-end fashion. To this end, we introduce a novel differentiable image formation model for active stereo, relying on both wave and geometric optics, and a novel trinocular reconstruction network. The jointly optimized pattern, which we dub "Polka Lines," together with the reconstruction network, achieve state-of-the-art active-stereo depth estimates across imaging conditions. We validate the proposed method in simulation and on a hardware prototype, and show that our method outperforms existing active stereo systems.      
### 76.Automatic Detection of Cardiac Chambers Using an Attention-based YOLOv4 Framework from Four-chamber View of Fetal Echocardiography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13096.pdf)
>  Echocardiography is a powerful prenatal examination tool for early diagnosis of fetal congenital heart diseases (CHDs). The four-chamber (FC) view is a crucial and easily accessible ultrasound (US) image among echocardiography images. Automatic analysis of FC views contributes significantly to the early diagnosis of CHDs. The first step to automatically analyze fetal FC views is locating the fetal four crucial chambers of heart in a US image. However, it is a greatly challenging task due to several key factors, such as numerous speckles in US images, the fetal cardiac chambers with small size and unfixed positions, and category indistinction caused by the similarity of cardiac chambers. These factors hinder the process of capturing robust and discriminative features, hence destroying fetal cardiac anatomical chambers precise localization. Therefore, we first propose a multistage residual hybrid attention module (MRHAM) to improve the feature learning. Then, we present an improved YOLOv4 detection model, namely MRHAM-YOLOv4-Slim. Specially, the residual identity mapping is replaced with the MRHAM in the backbone of MRHAM-YOLOv4-Slim, accurately locating the four important chambers in fetal FC views. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed method outperforms current state-of-the-art, including the precision of 0.890, the recall of 0.920, the F1 score of 0.907 and the mAP of 0.913.      
### 77.Neural Scene Flow Fields for Space-Time View Synthesis of Dynamic Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13084.pdf)
>  We present a method to perform novel view and time synthesis of dynamic scenes, requiring only a monocular video with known camera poses as input. To do this, we introduce Neural Scene Flow Fields, a new representation that models the dynamic scene as a time-variant continuous function of appearance, geometry, and 3D scene motion. Our representation is optimized through a neural network to fit the observed input views. We show that our representation can be used for complex dynamic scenes, including thin structures, view-dependent effects, and natural degrees of motion. We conduct a number of experiments that demonstrate our approach significantly outperforms recent monocular view synthesis methods, and show qualitative results of space-time view synthesis on a variety of real-world videos.      
### 78.Photoacoustic Reconstruction Using Sparsity in Curvelet Frame  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13080.pdf)
>  We compare two approaches to photoacoustic image reconstruction from compressed/subsampled photoacoustic data based on assumption of sparsity in the Curvelet frame: DR, a two step approach based on the recovery of the complete volume of the photoacoustic data from the subsampled data followed by the acoustic inversion, and p0R, a one step approach where the photoacoustic image (the initial pressure, p0) is directly recovered from the subsampled data. For representation of the photoacoustic data, we propose a modification of the Curvelet transform corresponding to the restriction to the range of the photoacoustic forward operator. Both recovery problems are formulated in a variational framework. As the Curvelet frame is heavily overdetermined, we use reweighted l1 norm penalties to enhance the sparsity of the solution. The data reconstruction problem DR is a standard compressed sensing recovery problem, which we solve using an ADMM-type algorithm, SALSA. Subsequently, the initial pressure is recovered using time reversal as implemented in the k-Wave Toolbox. The p0 reconstruction problem, p0R, aims to recover the photoacoustic image directly via FISTA, or ADMM when in addition including a non-negativity constraint. We compare and discuss the relative merits of the two approaches and illustrate them on 2D simulated and 3D real data.      
### 79.Non-Rigid Puzzles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13076.pdf)
>  Shape correspondence is a fundamental problem in computer graphics and vision, with applications in various problems including animation, texture mapping, robotic vision, medical imaging, archaeology and many more. In settings where the shapes are allowed to undergo non-rigid deformations and only partial views are available, the problem becomes very challenging. To this end, we present a non-rigid multi-part shape matching algorithm. We assume to be given a reference shape and its multiple parts undergoing a non-rigid deformation. Each of these query parts can be additionally contaminated by clutter, may overlap with other parts, and there might be missing parts or redundant ones. Our method simultaneously solves for the segmentation of the reference model, and for a dense correspondence to (subsets of) the parts. Experimental results on synthetic as well as real scans demonstrate the effectiveness of our method in dealing with this challenging matching scenario.      
### 80.Omni-GAN: On the Secrets of cGANs and Beyond  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13074.pdf)
>  It has been an important problem to design a proper discriminator for conditional generative adversarial networks (cGANs). In this paper, we investigate two popular choices, the projection-based and classification-based discriminators, and reveal that both of them suffer some kind of drawbacks that affect the learning ability of cGANs. Then, we present our solution that trains a powerful discriminator and avoids over-fitting with regularization. In addition, we unify multiple targets (class, domain, reality, etc.) into one loss function to enable a wider range of applications. Our algorithm, named \textbf{Omni-GAN}, achieves competitive performance on a few popular benchmarks. More importantly, Omni-GAN enjoys both high generation quality and low risks in mode collapse, offering new possibilities for optimizing cGANs.Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PeterouZh/Omni-GAN-PyTorch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 81.Effective Sample Pair Generation for Ultrasound Video Contrastive Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13066.pdf)
>  Most deep neural networks (DNNs) based ultrasound (US) medical image analysis models use pretrained backbones (e.g., ImageNet) for better model generalization. However, the domain gap between natural and medical images causes an inevitable performance bottleneck when applying to US image analysis. Our idea is to pretrain DNNs on US images directly to avoid this bottleneck. Due to the lack of annotated large-scale datasets of US images, we first construct a new large-scale US video-based image dataset named US-4, containing over 23,000 high-resolution images from four US video sub-datasets, where two sub-datasets are newly collected by our local experienced doctors. To make full use of this dataset, we then innovatively propose an US semi-supervised contrastive learning (USCL) method to effectively learn feature representations of US images, with a new sample pair generation (SPG) scheme to tackle the problem that US images extracted from videos have high similarities. Moreover, the USCL treats contrastive loss as a consistent regularization, which boosts the performance of pretrained backbones by combining the supervised loss in a mutually reinforcing way. Extensive experiments on down-stream tasks' fine-tuning show the superiority of our approach against ImageNet pretraining and pretraining using previous state-of-the-art semi-supervised learning approaches. In particular, our pretrained backbone gets fine-tuning accuracy of over 94%, which is 9% higher than 85% of the ImageNet pretrained model on the widely used POCUS dataset. The constructed US-4 dataset and source codes of this work will be made public.      
### 82.How to train your conditional GAN: An approach using geometrically structured latent manifolds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13055.pdf)
>  Conditional generative modeling typically requires capturing one-to-many mappings between the inputs and outputs. However, vanilla conditional GANs (cGAN) tend to ignore the variations of the latent seeds which results in mode-collapse. As a solution, recent works have moved towards comparatively expensive models for generating diverse outputs in a conditional setting. In this paper, we argue that the limited diversity of the vanilla cGANs is not due to a lack of capacity, but a result of non-optimal training schemes. We tackle this problem from a geometrical perspective and propose a novel training mechanism that increases both the diversity and the visual quality of the vanilla cGAN. The proposed solution does not demand architectural modifications and paves the way for more efficient architectures that target conditional generation in multi-modal spaces. We validate the efficacy of our model against a diverse set of tasks and show that the proposed solution is generic and effective across multiple datasets.      
### 83.Can Temporal Information Help with Contrastive Self-Supervised Learning?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13046.pdf)
>  Leveraging temporal information has been regarded as essential for developing video understanding models. However, how to properly incorporate temporal information into the recent successful instance discrimination based contrastive self-supervised learning (CSL) framework remains unclear. As an intuitive solution, we find that directly applying temporal augmentations does not help, or even impair video CSL in general. This counter-intuitive observation motivates us to re-design existing video CSL frameworks, for better integration of temporal knowledge. <br>To this end, we present Temporal-aware Contrastive self-supervised learningTaCo, as a general paradigm to enhance video CSL. Specifically, TaCo selects a set of temporal transformations not only as strong data augmentation but also to constitute extra self-supervision for video understanding. By jointly contrasting instances with enriched temporal transformations and learning these transformations as self-supervised signals, TaCo can significantly enhance unsupervised video representation learning. For instance, TaCo demonstrates consistent improvement in downstream classification tasks over a list of backbones and CSL approaches. Our best model achieves 85.1% (UCF-101) and 51.6% (HMDB-51) top-1 accuracy, which is a 3% and 2.4% relative improvement over the previous state-of-the-art.      
### 84.Learning to Infer Shape Programs Using Latent Execution Self Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13045.pdf)
>  Inferring programs which generate 2D and 3D shapes is important for reverse engineering, enabling shape editing, and more. Supervised learning is hard to apply to this problem, as paired (program, shape) data rarely exists. Recent approaches use supervised pre-training with randomly-generated programs and then refine using self-supervised learning. But self-supervised learning either requires that the program execution process be differentiable or relies on reinforcement learning, which is unstable and slow to converge. In this paper, we present a new approach for learning to infer shape programs, which we call latent execution self training (LEST). As with recent prior work, LEST starts by training on randomly-generated (program, shape) pairs. As its name implies, it is based on the idea of self-training: running a model on unlabeled input shapes, treating the predicted programs as ground truth latent labels, and training again. Self-training is known to be susceptible to local minima. LEST circumvents this problem by leveraging the fact that predicted latent programs are executable: for a given shape $\mathbf{x}^* \in S^*$ and its predicted program $\mathbf{z} \in P$, we execute $\mathbf{z}$ to obtain a shape $\mathbf{x} \in S$ and train on $(\mathbf{z} \in P, \mathbf{x} \in S)$ pairs, rather than $(\mathbf{z} \in P, \mathbf{x}^* \in S^*)$ pairs. Experiments show that the distribution of executed shapes $S$ converges toward the distribution of real shapes $S^*$. We establish connections between LEST and algorithms for learning generative models, including variational Bayes, wake sleep, and expectation maximization. For constructive solid geometry and assembly-based modeling, LEST's inferred programs converge to high reconstruction accuracy significantly faster than those of reinforcement learning.      
### 85.Augmentation-Interpolative AutoEncoders for Unsupervised Few-Shot Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13026.pdf)
>  We aim to build image generation models that generalize to new domains from few examples. To this end, we first investigate the generalization properties of classic image generators, and discover that autoencoders generalize extremely well to new domains, even when trained on highly constrained data. We leverage this insight to produce a robust, unsupervised few-shot image generation algorithm, and introduce a novel training procedure based on recovering an image from data augmentations. Our Augmentation-Interpolative AutoEncoders synthesize realistic images of novel objects from only a few reference images, and outperform both prior interpolative models and supervised few-shot image generators. Our procedure is simple and lightweight, generalizes broadly, and requires no category labels or other supervision during training.      
### 86.PREDATOR: Registration of 3D Point Clouds with Low Overlap  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13005.pdf)
>  We introduce PREDATOR, a model for pairwise point-cloud registration with deep attention to the overlap region. Different from previous work, our model is specifically designed to handle (also) point-cloud pairs with low overlap. Its key novelty is an overlap-attention block for early information exchange between the latent encodings of the two point clouds. In this way the subsequent decoding of the latent representations into per-point features is conditioned on the respective other point cloud, and thus can predict which points are not only salient, but also lie in the overlap region between the two point clouds. The ability to focus on points that are relevant for matching greatly improves performance: PREDATOR raises the rate of successful registrations by more than 20% in the low-overlap scenario, and also sets a new state of the art for the 3DMatch benchmark with 89% registration recall. Source code and pre-trained models will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ShengyuH/OverlapPredator" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 87.Sign language segmentation with temporal convolutional networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12986.pdf)
>  The objective of this work is to determine the location of temporal boundaries between signs in continuous sign language videos. Our approach employs 3D convolutional neural network representations with iterative temporal segment refinement to resolve ambiguities between sign boundary cues. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on the BSLCORPUS, PHOENIX14 and BSL-1K datasets, showing considerable improvement over the prior state of the art and the ability to generalise to new signers, languages and domains.      
### 88.Grafit: Learning fine-grained image representations with coarse labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12982.pdf)
>  This paper tackles the problem of learning a finer representation than the one provided by training labels. This enables fine-grained category retrieval of images in a collection annotated with coarse labels only. <br>Our network is learned with a nearest-neighbor classifier objective, and an instance loss inspired by self-supervised learning. By jointly leveraging the coarse labels and the underlying fine-grained latent space, it significantly improves the accuracy of category-level retrieval methods. <br>Our strategy outperforms all competing methods for retrieving or classifying images at a finer granularity than that available at train time. It also improves the accuracy for transfer learning tasks to fine-grained datasets, thereby establishing the new state of the art on five public benchmarks, like iNaturalist-2018.      
### 89.Deep Convolutional Neural Networks: A survey of the foundations, selected improvements, and some current applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12960.pdf)
>  Within the world of machine learning there exists a wide range of different methods with respective advantages and applications. This paper seeks to present and discuss one such method, namely Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). CNNs are deep neural networks that use a special linear operation called convolution. This operation represents a key and distinctive element of CNNs, and will therefore be the focus of this method paper. The discussion starts with the theoretical foundations that underlie convolutions and CNNs. Then, the discussion proceeds to discuss some improvements and augmentations that can be made to adapt the method to estimate a wider set of function classes. The paper mainly investigates two ways of improving the method: by using locally connected layers, which can make the network less invariant to translation, and tiled convolution, which allows for the learning of more complex invariances than standard convolution. Furthermore, the use of the Fast Fourier Transform can improve the computational efficiency of convolution. Subsequently, this paper discusses two applications of convolution that have proven to be very effective in practice. First, the YOLO architecture is a state of the art neural network for image object classification, which accurately predicts bounding boxes around objects in images. Second, tumor detection in mammography may be performed using CNNs, accomplishing 7.2% higher specificity than actual doctors with only .3% less sensitivity. Finally, the invention of technology that outperforms humans in different fields also raises certain ethical and regulatory questions that are briefly discussed.      
### 90.PS-DeVCEM: Pathology-sensitive deep learning model for video capsule endoscopy based on weakly labeled data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12957.pdf)
>  We propose a novel pathology-sensitive deep learning model (PS-DeVCEM) for frame-level anomaly detection and multi-label classification of different colon diseases in video capsule endoscopy (VCE) data. Our proposed model is capable of coping with the key challenge of colon apparent heterogeneity caused by several types of diseases. Our model is driven by attention-based deep multiple instance learning and is trained end-to-end on weakly labeled data using video labels instead of detailed frame-by-frame annotation. The spatial and temporal features are obtained through ResNet50 and residual Long short-term memory (residual LSTM) blocks, respectively. Additionally, the learned temporal attention module provides the importance of each frame to the final label prediction. Moreover, we developed a self-supervision method to maximize the distance between classes of pathologies. We demonstrate through qualitative and quantitative experiments that our proposed weakly supervised learning model gives superior precision and F1-score reaching, 61.6% and 55.1%, as compared to three state-of-the-art video analysis methods respectively. We also show our model's ability to temporally localize frames with pathologies, without frame annotation information during training. Furthermore, we collected and annotated the first and largest VCE dataset with only video labels. The dataset contains 455 short video segments with 28,304 frames and 14 classes of colorectal diseases and artifacts. Dataset and code supporting this publication will be made available on our home page.      
### 91.Real-time Active Vision for a Humanoid Soccer Robot Using Deep Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13851.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present an active vision method using a deep reinforcement learning approach for a humanoid soccer-playing robot. The proposed method adaptively optimises the viewpoint of the robot to acquire the most useful landmarks for self-localisation while keeping the ball into its viewpoint. Active vision is critical for humanoid decision-maker robots with a limited field of view. To deal with an active vision problem, several probabilistic entropy-based approaches have previously been proposed which are highly dependent on the accuracy of the self-localisation model. However, in this research, we formulate the problem as an episodic reinforcement learning problem and employ a Deep Q-learning method to solve it. The proposed network only requires the raw images of the camera to move the robot's head toward the best viewpoint. The model shows a very competitive rate of 80% success rate in achieving the best viewpoint. We implemented the proposed method on a humanoid robot simulated in Webots simulator. Our evaluations and experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms the entropy-based methods in the RoboCup context, in cases with high self-localisation errors.      
### 92.Navigating the GAN Parameter Space for Semantic Image Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13786.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) are currently an indispensable tool for visual editing, being a standard component of image-to-image translation and image restoration pipelines. Furthermore, GANs are especially useful for controllable generation since their latent spaces contain a wide range of interpretable directions, well suited for semantic editing operations. By gradually changing latent codes along these directions, one can produce impressive visual effects, unattainable without GANs. <br>In this paper, we significantly expand the range of visual effects achievable with the state-of-the-art models, like StyleGAN2. In contrast to existing works, which mostly operate by latent codes, we discover interpretable directions in the space of the generator parameters. By several simple methods, we explore this space and demonstrate that it also contains a plethora of interpretable directions, which are an excellent source of non-trivial semantic manipulations. The discovered manipulations cannot be achieved by transforming the latent codes and can be used to edit both synthetic and real images. We release our code and models and hope they will serve as a handy tool for further efforts on GAN-based image editing.      
### 93.Robust Autonomous Landing of UAV in Non-Cooperative Environments based on Dynamic Time Camera-LiDAR Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13761.pdf)
>  Selecting safe landing sites in non-cooperative environments is a key step towards the full autonomy of UAVs. However, the existing methods have the common problems of poor generalization ability and robustness. Their performance in unknown environments is significantly degraded and the error cannot be self-detected and corrected. In this paper, we construct a UAV system equipped with low-cost LiDAR and binocular cameras to realize autonomous landing in non-cooperative environments by detecting the flat and safe ground area. Taking advantage of the non-repetitive scanning and high FOV coverage characteristics of LiDAR, we come up with a dynamic time depth completion algorithm. In conjunction with the proposed self-evaluation method of the depth map, our model can dynamically select the LiDAR accumulation time at the inference phase to ensure an accurate prediction result. Based on the depth map, the high-level terrain information such as slope, roughness, and the size of the safe area are derived. We have conducted extensive autonomous landing experiments in a variety of familiar or completely unknown environments, verifying that our model can adaptively balance the accuracy and speed, and the UAV can robustly select a safe landing site.      
### 94.Rethinking Generalization in American Sign Language Prediction for Edge Devices with Extremely Low Memory Footprint  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13741.pdf)
>  Due to the boom in technical compute in the last few years, the world has seen massive advances in artificially intelligent systems solving diverse real-world problems. But a major roadblock in the ubiquitous acceptance of these models is their enormous computational complexity and memory footprint. Hence efficient architectures and training techniques are required for deployment on extremely low resource inference endpoints. This paper proposes an architecture for detection of alphabets in American Sign Language on an ARM Cortex-M7 microcontroller having just 496 KB of framebuffer RAM. Leveraging parameter quantization is a common technique that might cause varying drops in test accuracy. This paper proposes using interpolation as augmentation amongst other techniques as an efficient method of reducing this drop, which also helps the model generalize well to previously unseen noisy data. The proposed model is about 185 KB post-quantization and inference speed is 20 frames per second.      
### 95.A study of traits that affect learnability in GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13728.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks GANs are algorithmic architectures that use two neural networks, pitting one against the opposite so as to come up with new, synthetic instances of data that can pass for real data. Training a GAN is a challenging problem which requires us to apply advanced techniques like hyperparameter tuning, architecture engineering etc. Many different losses, regularization and normalization schemes, network architectures have been proposed to solve this challenging problem for different types of datasets. It becomes necessary to understand the experimental observations and deduce a simple theory for it. In this paper, we perform empirical experiments using parameterized synthetic datasets to probe what traits affect learnability.      
### 96.Detection of Malaria Vector Breeding Habitats using Topographic Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13714.pdf)
>  Treatment of stagnant water bodies that act as a breeding site for malarial vectors is a fundamental step in most malaria elimination campaigns. However, identification of such water bodies over large areas is expensive, labour-intensive and time-consuming and hence, challenging in countries with limited resources. Practical models that can efficiently locate water bodies can target the limited resources by greatly reducing the area that needs to be scanned by the field workers. To this end, we propose a practical topographic model based on easily available, global, high-resolution DEM data to predict locations of potential vector-breeding water sites. We surveyed the Obuasi region of Ghana to assess the impact of various topographic features on different types of water bodies and uncover the features that significantly influence the formation of aquatic habitats. We further evaluate the effectiveness of multiple models. Our best model significantly outperforms earlier attempts that employ topographic variables for detection of small water sites, even the ones that utilize additional satellite imagery data and demonstrates robustness across different settings.      
### 97.An Ethical Highlighter for People-Centric Dataset Creation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13583.pdf)
>  Important ethical concerns arising from computer vision datasets of people have been receiving significant attention, and a number of datasets have been withdrawn as a result. To meet the academic need for people-centric datasets, we propose an analytical framework to guide ethical evaluation of existing datasets and to serve future dataset creators in avoiding missteps. Our work is informed by a review and analysis of prior works and highlights where such ethical challenges arise.      
### 98.A Survey of Deep Learning Approaches for OCR and Document Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13534.pdf)
>  Documents are a core part of many businesses in many fields such as law, finance, and technology among others. Automatic understanding of documents such as invoices, contracts, and resumes is lucrative, opening up many new avenues of business. The fields of natural language processing and computer vision have seen tremendous progress through the development of deep learning such that these methods have started to become infused in contemporary document understanding systems. In this survey paper, we review different techniques for document understanding for documents written in English and consolidate methodologies present in literature to act as a jumping-off point for researchers exploring this area.      
### 99.They are Not Completely Useless: Towards Recycling Transferable Unlabeled Data for Class-Mismatched Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13529.pdf)
>  Semi-Supervised Learning (SSL) with mismatched classes deals with the problem that the classes-of-interests in the limited labeled data is only a subset of the classes in massive unlabeled data. As a result, the classes only possessed by the unlabeled data may mislead the classifier training and thus hindering the realistic landing of various SSL methods. To solve this problem, existing methods usually divide unlabeled data to in-distribution (ID) data and out-of-distribution (OOD) data, and directly discard or weaken the OOD data to avoid their adverse impact. In other words, they treat OOD data as completely useless and thus the potential valuable information for classification contained by them is totally ignored. To remedy this defect, this paper proposes a "Transferable OOD data Recycling" (TOOR) method which properly utilizes ID data as well as the "recyclable" OOD data to enrich the information for conducting class-mismatched SSL. Specifically, TOOR firstly attributes all unlabeled data to ID data or OOD data, among which the ID data are directly used for training. Then we treat the OOD data that have a close relationship with ID data and labeled data as recyclable, and employ adversarial domain adaptation to project them to the space of ID data and labeled data. In other words, the recyclability of an OOD datum is evaluated by its transferability, and the recyclable OOD data are transferred so that they are compatible with the distribution of known classes-of-interests. Consequently, our TOOR method extracts more information from unlabeled data than existing approaches, so it can achieve the improved performance which is demonstrated by the experiments on typical benchmark datasets.      
### 100.Explaining Deep Learning Models for Structured Data using Layer-Wise Relevance Propagation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13429.pdf)
>  Trust and credibility in machine learning models is bolstered by the ability of a model to explain itsdecisions. While explainability of deep learning models is a well-known challenge, a further chal-lenge is clarity of the explanation itself, which must be interpreted by downstream users. Layer-wiseRelevance Propagation (LRP), an established explainability technique developed for deep models incomputer vision, provides intuitive human-readable heat maps of input images. We present the novelapplication of LRP for the first time with structured datasets using a deep neural network (1D-CNN),for Credit Card Fraud detection and Telecom Customer Churn prediction datasets. We show how LRPis more effective than traditional explainability concepts of Local Interpretable Model-agnostic Ex-planations (LIME) and Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) for explainability. This effectivenessis both local to a sample level and holistic over the whole testing set. We also discuss the significantcomputational time advantage of LRP (1-2s) over LIME (22s) and SHAP (108s), and thus its poten-tial for real time application scenarios. In addition, our validation of LRP has highlighted features forenhancing model performance, thus opening up a new area of research of using XAI as an approachfor feature subset selection      
### 101.Exposing the Robustness and Vulnerability of Hybrid 8T-6T SRAM Memory Architectures to Adversarial Attacks in Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13392.pdf)
>  Deep Learning is able to solve a plethora of once impossible problems. However, they are vulnerable to input adversarial attacks preventing them from being autonomously deployed in critical applications. Several algorithm-centered works have discussed methods to cause adversarial attacks and improve adversarial robustness of a Deep Neural Network (DNN). In this work, we elicit the advantages and vulnerabilities of hybrid 6T-8T memories to improve the adversarial robustness and cause adversarial attacks on DNNs. We show that bit-error noise in hybrid memories due to erroneous 6T-SRAM cells have deterministic behaviour based on the hybrid memory configurations (V_DD, 8T-6T ratio). This controlled noise (surgical noise) can be strategically introduced into specific DNN layers to improve the adversarial accuracy of DNNs. At the same time, surgical noise can be carefully injected into the DNN parameters stored in hybrid memory to cause adversarial attacks. To improve the adversarial robustness of DNNs using surgical noise, we propose a methodology to select appropriate DNN layers and their corresponding hybrid memory configurations to introduce the required surgical noise. Using this, we achieve 2-8% higher adversarial accuracy without re-training against white-box attacks like FGSM, than the baseline models (with no surgical noise introduced). To demonstrate adversarial attacks using surgical noise, we design a novel, white-box attack on DNN parameters stored in hybrid memory banks that causes the DNN inference accuracy to drop by more than 60% with over 90% confidence value. We support our claims with experiments, performed using benchmark datasets-CIFAR10 and CIFAR100 on VGG19 and ResNet18 networks.      
### 102.Joint Reconstruction and Calibration using Regularization by Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13391.pdf)
>  Regularization by denoising (RED) is a broadly applicable framework for solving inverse problems by using priors specified as denoisers. While RED has been shown to provide state-of-the-art performance in a number of applications, existing RED algorithms require exact knowledge of the measurement operator characterizing the imaging system, limiting their applicability in problems where the measurement operator has parametric uncertainties. We propose a new method, called Calibrated RED (Cal-RED), that enables joint calibration of the measurement operator along with reconstruction of the unknown image. Cal-RED extends the traditional RED methodology to imaging problems that require the calibration of the measurement operator. We validate Cal-RED on the problem of image reconstruction in computerized tomography (CT) under perturbed projection angles. Our results corroborate the effectiveness of Cal-RED for joint calibration and reconstruction using pre-trained deep denoisers as image priors.      
### 103.Analysing Social Media Network Data with R: Semi-Automated Screening of Users, Comments and Communication Patterns  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13327.pdf)
>  Communication on social media platforms is not only culturally and politically relevant, it is also increasingly widespread across societies. Users not only communicate via social media platforms, but also search specifically for information, disseminate it or post information themselves. However, fake news, hate speech and even radicalizing elements are part of this modern form of communication: Sometimes with far-reaching effects on individuals and societies. A basic understanding of these mechanisms and communication patterns could help to counteract negative forms of communication, e.g. bullying among children or extreme political points of view. To this end, a method will be presented in order to break down the underlying communication patterns, to trace individual users and to inspect their comments and range on social media platforms; Or to contrast them later on via qualitative research. This approeach can identify particularly active users with an accuracy of 100 percent, if the framing social networks as well as the topics are taken into account. However, methodological as well as counteracting approaches must be even more dynamic and flexible to ensure sensitivity and specifity regarding users who spread hate speech, fake news and radicalizing elements.      
### 104.Regularization with Latent Space Virtual Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13181.pdf)
>  Virtual Adversarial Training (VAT) has shown impressive results among recently developed regularization methods called consistency regularization. VAT utilizes adversarial samples, generated by injecting perturbation in the input space, for training and thereby enhances the generalization ability of a classifier. However, such adversarial samples can be generated only within a very small area around the input data point, which limits the adversarial effectiveness of such samples. To address this problem we propose LVAT (Latent space VAT), which injects perturbation in the latent space instead of the input space. LVAT can generate adversarial samples flexibly, resulting in more adverse effects and thus more effective regularization. The latent space is built by a generative model, and in this paper, we examine two different type of models: variational auto-encoder and normalizing flow, specifically Glow. We evaluated the performance of our method in both supervised and semi-supervised learning scenarios for an image classification task using SVHN and CIFAR-10 datasets. In our evaluation, we found that our method outperforms VAT and other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 105.Saliency-based segmentation of dermoscopic images using color information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13179.pdf)
>  Skin lesion segmentation is one of the crucial steps for an efficient non-invasive computer-aided early diagnosis of melanoma. In this paper, we investigate how saliency and color information can be usefully employed to determine the lesion region. Unlike most existing saliency-based methods, to discriminate against the skin lesion from the surrounding regions we enucleate some properties related to saliency and color information and we propose a novel segmentation process using binarization coupled with new perceptual criteria based on these properties. To refine the accuracy of the proposed method, the segmentation step is preceded by a pre-processing aimed at reducing the computation burden, removing artifacts, and improving contrast. We have assessed the method on two public databases including 1497 dermoscopic images and compared its performance with that of classical saliency-based methods and with that of some more recent saliency-based methods specifically applied to dermoscopic images. Results of qualitative and quantitative evaluations of the proposed method are promising as the obtained skin lesion segmentation is accurate and the method performs satisfactorily in comparison to other existing saliency-based segmentation methods.      
### 106.Energy Drain of the Object Detection Processing Pipeline for Mobile Devices: Analysis and Implications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13075.pdf)
>  Applying deep learning to object detection provides the capability to accurately detect and classify complex objects in the real world. However, currently, few mobile applications use deep learning because such technology is computation-intensive and energy-consuming. This paper, to the best of our knowledge, presents the first detailed experimental study of a mobile augmented reality (AR) client's energy consumption and the detection latency of executing Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) based object detection, either locally on the smartphone or remotely on an edge server. In order to accurately measure the energy consumption on the smartphone and obtain the breakdown of energy consumed by each phase of the object detection processing pipeline, we propose a new measurement strategy. Our detailed measurements refine the energy analysis of mobile AR clients and reveal several interesting perspectives regarding the energy consumption of executing CNN-based object detection. Furthermore, several insights and research opportunities are proposed based on our experimental results. These findings from our experimental study will guide the design of energy-efficient processing pipeline of CNN-based object detection.      
### 107.Advancing diagnostic performance and clinical usability of neural networks via adversarial training and dual batch normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13011.pdf)
>  Unmasking the decision-making process of machine learning models is essential for implementing diagnostic support systems in clinical practice. Here, we demonstrate that adversarially trained models can significantly enhance the usability of pathology detection as compared to their standard counterparts. We let six experienced radiologists rate the interpretability of saliency maps in datasets of X-rays, computed tomography, and magnetic resonance imaging scans. Significant improvements were found for our adversarial models, which could be further improved by the application of dual batch normalization. Contrary to previous research on adversarially trained models, we found that the accuracy of such models was equal to standard models when sufficiently large datasets and dual batch norm training were used. To ensure transferability, we additionally validated our results on an external test set of 22,433 X-rays. These findings elucidate that different paths for adversarial and real images are needed during training to achieve state of the art results with superior clinical interpretability.      
### 108.Ax-BxP: Approximate Blocked Computation for Precision-Reconfigurable Deep Neural Network Acceleration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13000.pdf)
>  Precision scaling has emerged as a popular technique to optimize the compute and storage requirements of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs). Efforts toward creating ultra-low-precision (sub-8-bit) DNNs suggest that the minimum precision required to achieve a given network-level accuracy varies considerably across networks, and even across layers within a network, requiring support for variable precision in DNN hardware. Previous proposals such as bit-serial hardware incur high overheads, significantly diminishing the benefits of lower precision. To efficiently support precision re-configurability in DNN accelerators, we introduce an approximate computing method wherein DNN computations are performed block-wise (a block is a group of bits) and re-configurability is supported at the granularity of blocks. Results of block-wise computations are composed in an approximate manner to enable efficient re-configurability. We design a DNN accelerator that embodies approximate blocked computation and propose a method to determine a suitable approximation configuration for a given DNN. By varying the approximation configurations across DNNs, we achieve 1.11x-1.34x and 1.29x-1.6x improvement in system energy and performance respectively, over an 8-bit fixed-point (FxP8) baseline, with negligible loss in classification accuracy. Further, by varying the approximation configurations across layers and data-structures within DNNs, we achieve 1.14x-1.67x and 1.31x-1.93x improvement in system energy and performance respectively, with negligible accuracy loss.      
### 109.Learning to dance: A graph convolutional adversarial network to generate realistic dance motions from audio  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12999.pdf)
>  Synthesizing human motion through learning techniques is becoming an increasingly popular approach to alleviating the requirement of new data capture to produce animations. Learning to move naturally from music, i.e., to dance, is one of the more complex motions humans often perform effortlessly. Each dance movement is unique, yet such movements maintain the core characteristics of the dance style. Most approaches addressing this problem with classical convolutional and recursive neural models undergo training and variability issues due to the non-Euclidean geometry of the motion manifold <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://structure.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this paper, we design a novel method based on graph convolutional networks to tackle the problem of automatic dance generation from audio information. Our method uses an adversarial learning scheme conditioned on the input music audios to create natural motions preserving the key movements of different music styles. We evaluate our method with three quantitative metrics of generative methods and a user study. The results suggest that the proposed GCN model outperforms the state-of-the-art dance generation method conditioned on music in different experiments. Moreover, our graph-convolutional approach is simpler, easier to be trained, and capable of generating more realistic motion styles regarding qualitative and different quantitative metrics. It also presented a visual movement perceptual quality comparable to real motion data.      
