# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 4 Nov 2020
### 1.Learning Visual Representations for Transfer Learning by Suppressing Texture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01901.pdf)
>  Recent literature has shown that features obtained from supervised training of CNNs may over-emphasize texture rather than encoding high-level information. In self-supervised learning in particular, texture as a low-level cue may provide shortcuts that prevent the network from learning higher level representations. To address these problems we propose to use classic methods based on anisotropic diffusion to augment training using images with suppressed texture. This simple method helps retain important edge information and suppress texture at the same time. We empirically show that our method achieves state-of-the-art results on object detection and image classification with eight diverse datasets in either supervised or self-supervised learning tasks such as MoCoV2 and Jigsaw. Our method is particularly effective for transfer learning tasks and we observed improved performance on five standard transfer learning datasets. The large improvements (up to 11.49\%) on the Sketch-ImageNet dataset, DTD dataset and additional visual analyses with saliency maps suggest that our approach helps in learning better representations that better transfer.      
### 2.RealHePoNet: a robust single-stage ConvNet for head pose estimation in the wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01890.pdf)
>  Human head pose estimation in images has applications in many fields such as human-computer interaction or video surveillance tasks. In this work, we address this problem, defined here as the estimation of both vertical (tilt/pitch) and horizontal (pan/yaw) angles, through the use of a single Convolutional Neural Network (ConvNet) model, trying to balance precision and inference speed in order to maximize its usability in real-world applications. Our model is trained over the combination of two datasets: 'Pointing'04' (aiming at covering a wide range of poses) and 'Annotated Facial Landmarks in the Wild' (in order to improve robustness of our model for its use on real-world images). Three different partitions of the combined dataset are defined and used for training, validation and testing purposes. As a result of this work, we have obtained a trained ConvNet model, coined RealHePoNet, that given a low-resolution grayscale input image, and without the need of using facial landmarks, is able to estimate with low error both tilt and pan angles (~4.4° average error on the test partition). Also, given its low inference time (~6 ms per head), we consider our model usable even when paired with medium-spec hardware (i.e. GTX 1060 GPU). * Code available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rafabs97/headpose_final" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> * Demo video at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2UeuXh5DjAE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 3.Unsupervised Attention Based Instance Discriminative Learning for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01888.pdf)
>  Recent advances in person re-identification have demonstrated enhanced discriminability, especially with supervised learning or transfer learning. However, since the data requirements---including the degree of data curations---are becoming increasingly complex and laborious, there is a critical need for unsupervised methods that are robust to large intra-class variations, such as changes in perspective, illumination, articulated motion, resolution, etc. Therefore, we propose an unsupervised framework for person re-identification which is trained in an end-to-end manner without any pre-training. Our proposed framework leverages a new attention mechanism that combines group convolutions to (1) enhance spatial attention at multiple scales and (2) reduce the number of trainable parameters by 59.6%. Additionally, our framework jointly optimizes the network with agglomerative clustering and instance learning to tackle hard samples. We perform extensive analysis using the Market1501 and DukeMTMC-reID datasets to demonstrate that our method consistently outperforms the state-of-the-art methods (with and without pre-trained weights).      
### 4.Learning unbiased registration and joint segmentation: evaluation on longitudinal diffusion MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01869.pdf)
>  Analysis of longitudinal changes in imaging studies often involves both segmentation of structures of interest and registration of multiple timeframes. The accuracy of such analysis could benefit from a tailored framework that jointly optimizes both tasks to fully exploit the information available in the longitudinal data. Most learning-based registration algorithms, including joint optimization approaches, currently suffer from bias due to selection of a fixed reference frame and only support pairwise transformations. We here propose an analytical framework based on an unbiased learning strategy for group-wise registration that simultaneously registers images to the mean space of a group to obtain consistent segmentations. We evaluate the proposed method on longitudinal analysis of a white matter tract in a brain MRI dataset with 2-3 time-points for 3249 individuals, i.e., 8045 images in total. The reproducibility of the method is evaluated on test-retest data from 97 individuals. The results confirm that the implicit reference image is an average of the input image. In addition, the proposed framework leads to consistent segmentations and significantly lower processing bias than that of a pair-wise fixed-reference approach. This processing bias is even smaller than those obtained when translating segmentations by only one voxel, which can be attributed to subtle numerical instabilities and interpolation. Therefore, we postulate that the proposed mean-space learning strategy could be widely applied to learning-based registration tasks. In addition, this group-wise framework introduces a novel way for learning-based longitudinal studies by direct construction of an unbiased within-subject template and allowing reliable and efficient analysis of spatio-temporal imaging biomarkers.      
### 5.Semi-supervised AU Intensity Estimation with Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01864.pdf)
>  This paper tackles the challenging problem of estimating the intensity of Facial Action Units with few labeled images. Contrary to previous works, our method does not require to manually select key frames, and produces state-of-the-art results with as little as $2\%$ of annotated frames, which are \textit{randomly chosen}. To this end, we propose a semi-supervised learning approach where a spatio-temporal model combining a feature extractor and a temporal module are learned in two stages. The first stage uses datasets of unlabeled videos to learn a strong spatio-temporal representation of facial behavior dynamics based on contrastive learning. To our knowledge we are the first to build upon this framework for modeling facial behavior in an unsupervised manner. The second stage uses another dataset of randomly chosen labeled frames to train a regressor on top of our spatio-temporal model for estimating the AU intensity. We show that although backpropagation through time is applied only with respect to the output of the network for extremely sparse and randomly chosen labeled frames, our model can be effectively trained to estimate AU intensity accurately, thanks to the unsupervised pre-training of the first stage. We experimentally validate that our method outperforms existing methods when working with as little as $2\%$ of randomly chosen data for both DISFA and BP4D datasets, without a careful choice of labeled frames, a time-consuming task still required in previous approaches.      
### 6.Learning Representations from Audio-Visual Spatial Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01819.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel self-supervised pretext task for learning representations from audio-visual content. Prior work on audio-visual representation learning leverages correspondences at the video level. Approaches based on audio-visual correspondence (AVC) predict whether audio and video clips originate from the same or different video instances. Audio-visual temporal synchronization (AVTS) further discriminates negative pairs originated from the same video instance but at different moments in time. While these approaches learn high-quality representations for downstream tasks such as action recognition, their training objectives disregard spatial cues naturally occurring in audio and visual signals. To learn from these spatial cues, we tasked a network to perform contrastive audio-visual spatial alignment of 360° video and spatial audio. The ability to perform spatial alignment is enhanced by reasoning over the full spatial content of the 360° video using a transformer architecture to combine representations from multiple viewpoints. The advantages of the proposed pretext task are demonstrated on a variety of audio and visual downstream tasks, including audio-visual correspondence, spatial alignment, action recognition, and video semantic segmentation.      
### 7.Attention Beam: An Image Captioning Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01753.pdf)
>  The aim of image captioning is to generate textual description of a given image. Though seemingly an easy task for humans, it is challenging for machines as it requires the ability to comprehend the image (computer vision) and consequently generate a human-like description for the image (natural language understanding). In recent times, encoder-decoder based architectures have achieved state-of-the-art results for image captioning. Here, we present a heuristic of beam search on top of the encoder-decoder based architecture that gives better quality captions on three benchmark datasets: Flickr8k, Flickr30k and MS COCO.      
### 8.Learning a Generative Motion Model from Image Sequences based on a Latent Motion Matrix  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01741.pdf)
>  We propose to learn a probabilistic motion model from a sequence of images for spatio-temporal registration. Our model encodes motion in a low-dimensional probabilistic space - the motion matrix - which enables various motion analysis tasks such as simulation and interpolation of realistic motion patterns allowing for faster data acquisition and data augmentation. More precisely, the motion matrix allows to transport the recovered motion from one subject to another simulating for example a pathological motion in a healthy subject without the need for inter-subject registration. The method is based on a conditional latent variable model that is trained using amortized variational inference. This unsupervised generative model follows a novel multivariate Gaussian process prior and is applied within a temporal convolutional network which leads to a diffeomorphic motion model. Temporal consistency and generalizability is further improved by applying a temporal dropout training scheme. Applied to cardiac cine-MRI sequences, we show improved registration accuracy and spatio-temporally smoother deformations compared to three state-of-the-art registration algorithms. Besides, we demonstrate the model's applicability for motion analysis, simulation and super-resolution by an improved motion reconstruction from sequences with missing frames compared to linear and cubic interpolation.      
### 9.Exploring DeshuffleGANs in Self-Supervised Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01730.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have become the most used network models towards solving the problem of image generation. In recent years, self-supervised GANs are proposed to aid stabilized GAN training without the catastrophic forgetting problem and to improve the image generation quality without the need for the class labels of the data. However, the generalizability of the self-supervision tasks on different GAN architectures is not studied before. To that end, we extensively analyze the contribution of the deshuffling task of DeshuffleGANs in the generalizability context. We assign the deshuffling task to two different GAN discriminators and study the effects of the deshuffling on both architectures. We also evaluate the performance of DeshuffleGANs on various datasets that are mostly used in GAN benchmarks: LSUN-Bedroom, LSUN-Church, and CelebA-HQ. We show that the DeshuffleGAN obtains the best FID results for LSUN datasets compared to the other self-supervised GANs. Furthermore, we compare the deshuffling with the rotation prediction that is firstly deployed to the GAN training and demonstrate that its contribution exceeds the rotation prediction. Lastly, we show the contribution of the self-supervision tasks to the GAN training on loss landscape and present that the effects of the self-supervision tasks may not be cooperative to the adversarial training in some settings. Our code can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gulcinbaykal/DeshuffleGAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.A spatial hue similarity measure for assessment of colourisation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01700.pdf)
>  Automatic colourisation of grey-scale images is an ill-posed multi-modal problem. Where full-reference images exist, objective performance measures rely on pixel-difference techniques such as MSE and PSNR. These measures penalise any plausible modes other than the reference ground-truth; They often fail to adequately penalise implausible modes if they are close in pixel distance to the ground-truth; As these are pixel-difference methods they cannot assess spatial coherency. We use the polar form of the a*b* channels from the CIEL*a*b* colour space to separate the multi-modal problems, which we confine to the hue channel, and the common-mode which applies to the chroma channel. We apply SSIM to the chroma channel but reformulate SSIM for the hue channel to a measure we call the Spatial Hue Similarity Measure (SHSM). This reformulation allows spatially-coherent hue channels to achieve a high score while penalising spatially-incoherent modes. This method allows qualitative and quantitative performance comparison of SOTA colourisation methods and reduces reliance on subjective human visual inspection.      
### 11.The Aleatoric Uncertainty Estimation Using a Separate Formulation with Virtual Residuals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01655.pdf)
>  We propose a new optimization framework for aleatoric uncertainty estimation in regression problems. Existing methods can quantify the error in the target estimation, but they tend to underestimate it. To obtain the predictive uncertainty inherent in an observation, we propose a new separable formulation for the estimation of a signal and of its uncertainty, avoiding the effect of overfitting. By decoupling target estimation and uncertainty estimation, we also control the balance between signal estimation and uncertainty estimation. We conduct three types of experiments: regression with simulation data, age estimation, and depth estimation. We demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms a state-of-the-art technique for signal and uncertainty estimation.      
### 12.Relational Graph Learning on Visual and Kinematics Embeddings for Accurate Gesture Recognition in Robotic Surgery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01619.pdf)
>  Automatic surgical gesture recognition is fundamentally important to enable intelligent cognitive assistance in robotic surgery. With recent advancement in robot-assisted minimally invasive surgery, rich information including surgical videos and robotic kinematics can be recorded, which provide complementary knowledge for understanding surgical gestures. However, existing methods either solely adopt uni-modal data or directly concatenate multi-modal representations, which can not sufficiently exploit the informative correlations inherent in visual and kinematics data to boost gesture recognition accuracies. In this regard, we propose a novel approach of multimodal relational graph network (i.e., MRG-Net) to dynamically integrate visual and kinematics information through interactive message propagation in the latent feature space. In specific, we first extract embeddings from video and kinematics sequences with temporal convolutional networks and LSTM units. Next, we identify multi-relations in these multi-modal features and model them through a hierarchical relational graph learning module. The effectiveness of our method is demonstrated with state-of-the-art results on the public JIGSAWS dataset, outperforming current uni-modal and multi-modal methods on both suturing and knot typing tasks. Furthermore, we validated our method on in-house visual-kinematics datasets collected with da Vinci Research Kit (dVRK) platforms in two centers, with consistent promising performance achieved.      
### 13.A Deep Temporal Fusion Framework for Scene Flow Using a Learnable Motion Model and Occlusions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01603.pdf)
>  Motion estimation is one of the core challenges in computer vision. With traditional dual-frame approaches, occlusions and out-of-view motions are a limiting factor, especially in the context of environmental perception for vehicles due to the large (ego-) motion of objects. Our work proposes a novel data-driven approach for temporal fusion of scene flow estimates in a multi-frame setup to overcome the issue of occlusion. Contrary to most previous methods, we do not rely on a constant motion model, but instead learn a generic temporal relation of motion from data. In a second step, a neural network combines bi-directional scene flow estimates from a common reference frame, yielding a refined estimate and a natural byproduct of occlusion masks. This way, our approach provides a fast multi-frame extension for a variety of scene flow estimators, which outperforms the underlying dual-frame approaches.      
### 14.Cross-Media Keyphrase Prediction: A Unified Framework with Multi-Modality Multi-Head Attention and Image Wordings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01565.pdf)
>  Social media produces large amounts of contents every day. To help users quickly capture what they need, keyphrase prediction is receiving a growing attention. Nevertheless, most prior efforts focus on text modeling, largely ignoring the rich features embedded in the matching images. In this work, we explore the joint effects of texts and images in predicting the keyphrases for a multimedia post. To better align social media style texts and images, we propose: (1) a novel Multi-Modality Multi-Head Attention (M3H-Att) to capture the intricate cross-media interactions; (2) image wordings, in forms of optical characters and image attributes, to bridge the two modalities. Moreover, we design a unified framework to leverage the outputs of keyphrase classification and generation and couple their advantages. Extensive experiments on a large-scale dataset newly collected from Twitter show that our model significantly outperforms the previous state of the art based on traditional attention networks. Further analyses show that our multi-head attention is able to attend information from various aspects and boost classification or generation in diverse scenarios.      
### 15.CooGAN: A Memory-Efficient Framework for High-Resolution Facial Attribute Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01563.pdf)
>  In contrast to great success of memory-consuming face editing methods at a low resolution, to manipulate high-resolution (HR) facial images, i.e., typically larger than 7682 pixels, with very limited memory is still challenging. This is due to the reasons of 1) intractable huge demand of memory; 2) inefficient multi-scale features fusion. To address these issues, we propose a NOVEL pixel translation framework called Cooperative GAN(CooGAN) for HR facial image editing. This framework features a local path for fine-grained local facial patch generation (i.e., patch-level HR, LOW memory) and a global path for global lowresolution (LR) facial structure monitoring (i.e., image-level LR, LOW memory), which largely reduce memory requirements. Both paths work in a cooperative manner under a local-to-global consistency objective (i.e., for smooth stitching). In addition, we propose a lighter selective transfer unit for more efficient multi-scale features fusion, yielding higher fidelity facial attributes manipulation. Extensive experiments on CelebAHQ well demonstrate the memory efficiency as well as the high image generation quality of the proposed framework.      
### 16.3D-LaneNet+: Anchor Free Lane Detection using a Semi-Local Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01535.pdf)
>  3D-LaneNet+ is a camera-based DNN method for anchor free 3D lane detection which is able to detect 3d lanes of any arbitrary topology such as splits, merges, as well as short and perpendicular lanes. We follow recently proposed 3D-LaneNet, and extend it to enable the detection of these previously unsupported lane topologies. Our output representation is an anchor free, semi-local tile representation that breaks down lanes into simple lane segments whose parameters can be learnt. In addition we learn, per lane instance, feature embedding that reasons for the global connectivity of locally detected segments to form full 3d lanes. This combination allows 3D-LaneNet+ to avoid using lane anchors, non-maximum suppression, and lane model fitting as in the original 3D-LaneNet. We demonstrate the efficacy of 3D-LaneNet+ using both synthetic and real world data. Results show significant improvement relative to the original 3D-LaneNet that can be attributed to better generalization to complex lane topologies, curvatures and surface geometries.      
### 17.SelfPose: 3D Egocentric Pose Estimation from a Headset Mounted Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01519.pdf)
>  We present a solution to egocentric 3D body pose estimation from monocular images captured from downward looking fish-eye cameras installed on the rim of a head mounted VR device. This unusual viewpoint leads to images with unique visual appearance, with severe self-occlusions and perspective distortions that result in drastic differences in resolution between lower and upper body. We propose an encoder-decoder architecture with a novel multi-branch decoder designed to account for the varying uncertainty in 2D predictions. The quantitative evaluation, on synthetic and real-world datasets, shows that our strategy leads to substantial improvements in accuracy over state of the art egocentric approaches. To tackle the lack of labelled data we also introduced a large photo-realistic synthetic dataset. xR-EgoPose offers high quality renderings of people with diverse skintones, body shapes and clothing, performing a range of actions. Our experiments show that the high variability in our new synthetic training corpus leads to good generalization to real world footage and to state of theart results on real world datasets with ground truth. Moreover, an evaluation on the Human3.6M benchmark shows that the performance of our method is on par with top performing approaches on the more classic problem of 3D human pose from a third person viewpoint.      
### 18.VEGA: Towards an End-to-End Configurable AutoML Pipeline  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01507.pdf)
>  Automated Machine Learning (AutoML) is an important industrial solution for automatic discovery and deployment of the machine learning models. However, designing an integrated AutoML system faces four great challenges of configurability, scalability, integrability, and platform diversity. In this work, we present VEGA, an efficient and comprehensive AutoML framework that is compatible and optimized for multiple hardware platforms. a) The VEGA pipeline integrates various modules of AutoML, including Neural Architecture Search (NAS), Hyperparameter Optimization (HPO), Auto Data Augmentation, Model Compression, and Fully Train. b) To support a variety of search algorithms and tasks, we design a novel fine-grained search space and its description language to enable easy adaptation to different search algorithms and tasks. c) We abstract the common components of deep learning frameworks into a unified interface. VEGA can be executed with multiple back-ends and hardwares. Extensive benchmark experiments on multiple tasks demonstrate that VEGA can improve the existing AutoML algorithms and discover new high-performance models against SOTA methods, e.g. the searched DNet model zoo for Ascend 10x faster than EfficientNet-B5 and 9.2x faster than RegNetX-32GF on ImageNet. VEGA is open-sourced at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/huawei-noah/vega" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Wheat Crop Yield Prediction Using Deep LSTM Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01498.pdf)
>  An in-season early crop yield forecast before harvest can benefit the farmers to improve the production and enable various agencies to devise plans accordingly. We introduce a reliable and inexpensive method to predict crop yields from publicly available satellite imagery. The proposed method works directly on raw satellite imagery without the need to extract any hand-crafted features or perform dimensionality reduction on the images. The approach implicitly models the relevance of the different steps in the growing season and the various bands in the satellite imagery. We evaluate the proposed approach on tehsil (block) level wheat predictions across several states in India and demonstrate that it outperforms existing methods by over 50\%. We also show that incorporating additional contextual information such as the location of farmlands, water bodies, and urban areas helps in improving the yield estimates.      
### 20.Kernel Two-Dimensional Ridge Regression for Subspace Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01477.pdf)
>  Subspace clustering methods have been widely studied recently. When the inputs are 2-dimensional (2D) data, existing subspace clustering methods usually convert them into vectors, which severely damages inherent structures and relationships from original data. In this paper, we propose a novel subspace clustering method for 2D data. It directly uses 2D data as inputs such that the learning of representations benefits from inherent structures and relationships of the data. It simultaneously seeks image projection and representation coefficients such that they mutually enhance each other and lead to powerful data representations. An efficient algorithm is developed to solve the proposed objective function with provable decreasing and convergence property. Extensive experimental results verify the effectiveness of the new method.      
### 21.Distribution-aware Margin Calibration for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01462.pdf)
>  The Jaccard index, also known as Intersection-over-Union (IoU score), is one of the most critical evaluation metrics in medical image segmentation. However, directly optimizing the mean IoU (mIoU) score over multiple objective classes is an open problem. Although some algorithms have been proposed to optimize its surrogates, there is no guarantee provided for their generalization ability. In this paper, we present a novel data-distribution-aware margin calibration method for a better generalization of the mIoU over the whole data-distribution, underpinned by a rigid lower bound. This scheme ensures a better segmentation performance in terms of IoU scores in practice. We evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed margin calibration method on two medical image segmentation datasets, showing substantial improvements of IoU scores over other learning schemes using deep segmentation models.      
### 22.Learning Effective Representations from Global and Local Features for Cross-View Gait Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01461.pdf)
>  Gait recognition is one of the most important biometric technologies and has been applied in many fields. Recent gait recognition frameworks represent each human gait frame by descriptors extracted from either global appearances or local regions of humans. However, the representations based on global information often neglect the details of the gait frame, while local region based descriptors cannot capture the relations among neighboring regions, thus reducing their discriminativeness. In this paper, we propose a novel feature extraction and fusion framework to achieve discriminative feature representations for gait recognition. Towards this goal, we take advantage of both global visual information and local region details and develop a Global and Local Feature Extractor (GLFE). Specifically, our GLFE module is composed of our newly designed multiple global and local convolutional layers (GLConv) to ensemble global and local features in a principle manner. Furthermore, we present a novel operation, namely Local Temporal Aggregation (LTA), to further preserve the spatial information by reducing the temporal resolution to obtain higher spatial resolution. With the help of our GLFE and LTA, our method significantly improves the discriminativeness of our visual features, thus improving the gait recognition performance. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art gait recognition methods on popular widely-used CASIA-B and OUMVLP datasets.      
### 23.Learning Deformable Tetrahedral Meshes for 3D Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01437.pdf)
>  3D shape representations that accommodate learning-based 3D reconstruction are an open problem in machine learning and computer graphics. Previous work on neural 3D reconstruction demonstrated benefits, but also limitations, of point cloud, voxel, surface mesh, and implicit function representations. We introduce Deformable Tetrahedral Meshes (DefTet) as a particular parameterization that utilizes volumetric tetrahedral meshes for the reconstruction problem. Unlike existing volumetric approaches, DefTet optimizes for both vertex placement and occupancy, and is differentiable with respect to standard 3D reconstruction loss functions. It is thus simultaneously high-precision, volumetric, and amenable to learning-based neural architectures. We show that it can represent arbitrary, complex topology, is both memory and computationally efficient, and can produce high-fidelity reconstructions with a significantly smaller grid size than alternative volumetric approaches. The predicted surfaces are also inherently defined as tetrahedral meshes, thus do not require post-processing. We demonstrate that DefTet matches or exceeds both the quality of the previous best approaches and the performance of the fastest ones. Our approach obtains high-quality tetrahedral meshes computed directly from noisy point clouds, and is the first to showcase high-quality 3D tet-mesh results using only a single image as input.      
### 24.Developing High Quality Training Samples for Deep Learning Based Local Climate Classification in Korea  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01436.pdf)
>  Two out of three people will be living in urban areas by 2050, as projected by the United Nations, emphasizing the need for sustainable urban development and monitoring. Common urban footprint data provide high-resolution city extents but lack essential information on the distribution, pattern, and characteristics. The Local Climate Zone (LCZ) offers an efficient and standardized framework that can delineate the internal structure and characteristics of urban areas. Global-scale LCZ mapping has been explored, but are limited by low accuracy, variable labeling quality, or domain adaptation challenges. Instead, this study developed a custom LCZ data to map key Korean cities using a multi-scale convolutional neural network. Results demonstrated that using a novel, custom LCZ data with deep learning can generate more accurate LCZ map results compared to conventional community-based LCZ mapping with machine learning as well as transfer learning of the global So2Sat dataset.      
### 25."You eat with your eyes first": Optimizing Yelp Image Advertising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01434.pdf)
>  A business's online, photographic representation can play a crucial role in its success or failure. We use Yelp's image dataset and star-based review system as a measurement of an image's effectiveness in promoting a business. After preprocessing the Yelp dataset, we use transfer learning to train a classifier which accepts Yelp images and predicts star-ratings. Additionally, we then train a GAN to qualitatively investigate the common properties of highly effective images. We achieve 90-98% accuracy in classifying simplified star ratings for various image categories and observe that images containing blue skies, open surroundings, and many windows are correlated with higher Yelp reviews.      
### 26.In Defense of Feature Mimicking for Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01424.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation (KD) is a popular method to train efficient networks ("student") with the help of high-capacity networks ("teacher"). Traditional methods use the teacher's soft logit as extra supervision to train the student network. In this paper, we argue that it is more advantageous to make the student mimic the teacher's features in the penultimate layer. Not only the student can directly learn more effective information from the teacher feature, feature mimicking can also be applied for teachers trained without a softmax layer. Experiments show that it can achieve higher accuracy than traditional KD. To further facilitate feature mimicking, we decompose a feature vector into the magnitude and the direction. We argue that the teacher should give more freedom to the student feature's magnitude, and let the student pay more attention on mimicking the feature direction. To meet this requirement, we propose a loss term based on locality-sensitive hashing (LSH). With the help of this new loss, our method indeed mimics feature directions more accurately, relaxes constraints on feature magnitudes, and achieves state-of-the-art distillation accuracy.      
### 27.Content-based Analysis of the Cultural Differences between TikTok and Douyin  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01414.pdf)
>  Short-form video social media shifts away from the traditional media paradigm by telling the audience a dynamic story to attract their attention. In particular, different combinations of everyday objects can be employed to represent a unique scene that is both interesting and understandable. Offered by the same company, TikTok and Douyin are popular examples of such new media that has become popular in recent years, while being tailored for different markets (e.g. the United States and China). The hypothesis that they express cultural differences together with media fashion and social idiosyncrasy is the primary target of our research. To that end, we first employ the Faster Regional Convolutional Neural Network (Faster R-CNN) pre-trained with the Microsoft Common Objects in COntext (MS-COCO) dataset to perform object detection. Based on a suite of objects detected from videos, we perform statistical analysis including label statistics, label similarity, and label-person distribution. We further use the Two-Stream Inflated 3D ConvNet (I3D) pre-trained with the Kinetics dataset to categorize and analyze human actions. By comparing the distributional results of TikTok and Douyin, we uncover a wealth of similarity and contrast between the two closely related video social media platforms along the content dimensions of object quantity, object categories, and human action categories.      
### 28.Out-of-Distribution Detection for Automotive Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01413.pdf)
>  Neural networks (NNs) are widely used for object recognition tasks in autonomous driving. However, NNs can fail on input data not well represented by the training dataset, known as out-of-distribution (OOD) data. A mechanism to detect OOD samples is important in safety-critical applications, such as automotive perception, in order to trigger a safe fallback mode. NNs often rely on softmax normalization for confidence estimation, which can lead to high confidences being assigned to OOD samples, thus hindering the detection of failures. This paper presents a simple but effective method for determining whether inputs are OOD. We propose an OOD detection approach that combines auxiliary training techniques with post hoc statistics. Unlike other approaches, our proposed method does not require OOD data during training, and it does not increase the computational cost during inference. The latter property is especially important in automotive applications with limited computational resources and real-time constraints. Our proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art methods on real world automotive datasets.      
### 29.BIGPrior: Towards Decoupling Learned Prior Hallucination and Data Fidelity in Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01406.pdf)
>  Image restoration encompasses fundamental image processing tasks that have been addressed with different algorithms and deep learning methods. Classical restoration algorithms leverage a variety of priors, either implicitly or explicitly. Their priors are hand-designed and their corresponding weights are heuristically assigned. Thus, deep learning methods often produce superior restoration quality. Deep networks are, however, capable of strong and hardly-predictable hallucinations. Networks jointly and implicitly learn to be faithful to the observed data while learning an image prior, and the separation of original and hallucinated data downstream is then not possible. This limits their wide-spread adoption in restoration applications. Furthermore, it is often the hallucinated part that is victim to degradation-model overfitting. We present an approach with decoupled network-prior hallucination and data fidelity. We refer to our framework as the Bayesian Integration of a Generative Prior (BIGPrior). Our BIGPrior method is rooted in a Bayesian restoration framework, and tightly connected to classical restoration methods. In fact, our approach can be viewed as a generalization of a large family of classical restoration algorithms. We leverage a recent network inversion method to extract image prior information from a generative network. We show on image colorization, inpainting, and denoising that our framework consistently improves the prior results through good integration of data fidelity. Our method, though partly reliant on the quality of the generative network inversion, is competitive with state-of-the-art supervised and task-specific restoration methods. It also provides an additional metric that sets forth the degree of prior reliance per pixel. Indeed, the per pixel contributions of the decoupled data fidelity and prior terms are readily available in our proposed framework.      
### 30.Faraway-Frustum: Dealing with Lidar Sparsity for 3D Object Detection using Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01404.pdf)
>  Learned pointcloud representations do not generalize well with an increase in distance to the sensor. For example, at a range greater than 60 meters, the sparsity of lidar pointclouds reaches to a point where even humans cannot discern object shapes from each other. However, this distance should not be considered very far for fast-moving vehicles: A vehicle can traverse 60 meters under two seconds while moving at 70 mph. For safe and robust driving automation, acute 3D object detection at these ranges is indispensable. Against this backdrop, we introduce faraway-frustum: a novel fusion strategy for detecting faraway objects. The main strategy is to depend solely on the 2D vision for recognizing object class, as object shape does not change drastically with an increase in depth, and use pointcloud data for object localization in the 3D space for faraway objects. For closer objects, we use learned pointcloud representations instead, following state-of-the-art. This strategy alleviates the main shortcoming of object detection with learned pointcloud representations. Experiments on the KITTI dataset demonstrate that our method outperforms state-of-the-art by a considerable margin for faraway object detection in bird's-eye-view and 3D.      
### 31.Parameter Efficient Deep Neural Networks with Bilinear Projections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01391.pdf)
>  Recent research on deep neural networks (DNNs) has primarily focused on improving the model accuracy. Given a proper deep learning framework, it is generally possible to increase the depth or layer width to achieve a higher level of accuracy. However, the huge number of model parameters imposes more computational and memory usage overhead and leads to the parameter redundancy. In this paper, we address the parameter redundancy problem in DNNs by replacing conventional full projections with bilinear projections. For a fully-connected layer with $D$ input nodes and $D$ output nodes, applying bilinear projection can reduce the model space complexity from $\mathcal{O}(D^2)$ to $\mathcal{O}(2D)$, achieving a deep model with a sub-linear layer size. However, structured projection has a lower freedom of degree compared to the full projection, causing the under-fitting problem. So we simply scale up the mapping size by increasing the number of output channels, which can keep and even boosts the model accuracy. This makes it very parameter-efficient and handy to deploy such deep models on mobile systems with memory limitations. Experiments on four benchmark datasets show that applying the proposed bilinear projection to deep neural networks can achieve even higher accuracies than conventional full DNNs, while significantly reduces the model size.      
### 32.Dual Attention on Pyramid Feature Maps for Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01385.pdf)
>  Generating natural sentences from images is a fundamental learning task for visual-semantic understanding in multimedia. In this paper, we propose to apply dual attention on pyramid image feature maps to fully explore the visual-semantic correlations and improve the quality of generated sentences. Specifically, with the full consideration of the contextual information provided by the hidden state of the RNN controller, the pyramid attention can better localize the visually indicative and semantically consistent regions in images. On the other hand, the contextual information can help re-calibrate the importance of feature components by learning the channel-wise dependencies, to improve the discriminative power of visual features for better content description. We conducted comprehensive experiments on three well-known datasets: Flickr8K, Flickr30K and MS COCO, which achieved impressive results in generating descriptive and smooth natural sentences from images. Using either convolution visual features or more informative bottom-up attention features, our composite captioning model achieves very promising performance in a single-model mode. The proposed pyramid attention and dual attention methods are highly modular, which can be inserted into various image captioning modules to further improve the performance.      
### 33.Unsupervised Monocular Depth Learning with Integrated Intrinsics and Spatio-Temporal Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01354.pdf)
>  Monocular depth inference has gained tremendous attention from researchers in recent years and remains as a promising replacement for expensive time-of-flight sensors, but issues with scale acquisition and implementation overhead still plague these systems. To this end, this work presents an unsupervised learning framework that is able to predict at-scale depth maps and egomotion, in addition to camera intrinsics, from a sequence of monocular images via a single network. Our method incorporates both spatial and temporal geometric constraints to resolve depth and pose scale factors, which are enforced within the supervisory reconstruction loss functions at training time. Only unlabeled stereo sequences are required for training the weights of our single-network architecture, which reduces overall implementation overhead as compared to previous methods. Our results demonstrate strong performance when compared to the current state-of-the-art on multiple sequences of the KITTI driving dataset.      
### 34.Recyclable Waste Identification Using CNN Image Recognition and Gaussian Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01353.pdf)
>  Waste recycling is an important way of saving energy and materials in the production process. In general cases recyclable objects are mixed with unrecyclable objects, which raises a need for identification and classification. This paper proposes a convolutional neural network (CNN) model to complete both tasks. The model uses transfer learning from a pretrained Resnet-50 CNN to complete feature extraction. A subsequent fully connected layer for classification was trained on the augmented TrashNet dataset [1]. In the application, sliding-window is used for image segmentation in the pre-classification stage. In the post-classification stage, the labelled sample points are integrated with Gaussian Clustering to locate the object. The resulting model has achieved an overall detection rate of 48.4% in simulation and final classification accuracy of 92.4%.      
### 35.Revisiting Adaptive Convolutions for Video Frame Interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01280.pdf)
>  Video frame interpolation, the synthesis of novel views in time, is an increasingly popular research direction with many new papers further advancing the state of the art. But as each new method comes with a host of variables that affect the interpolation quality, it can be hard to tell what is actually important for this task. In this work, we show, somewhat surprisingly, that it is possible to achieve near state-of-the-art results with an older, simpler approach, namely adaptive separable convolutions, by a subtle set of low level improvements. In doing so, we propose a number of intuitive but effective techniques to improve the frame interpolation quality, which also have the potential to other related applications of adaptive convolutions such as burst image denoising, joint image filtering, or video prediction.      
### 36.Generating Unobserved Alternatives: A Case Study through Super-Resolution and Decompression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01926.pdf)
>  We consider problems where multiple predictions can be considered correct, but only one of them is given as supervision. This setting differs from both the regression and class-conditional generative modelling settings: in the former, there is a unique observed output for each input, which is provided as supervision; in the latter, there are many observed outputs for each input, and many are provided as supervision. Applying either regression methods and conditional generative models to the present setting often results in a model that can only make a single prediction for each input. We explore several problems that have this property and develop an approach that can generate multiple high-quality predictions given the same input. As a result, it can be used to generate high-quality outputs that are different from the observed output.      
### 37.Classifier Pool Generation based on a Two-level Diversity Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01908.pdf)
>  This paper describes a classifier pool generation method guided by the diversity estimated on the data complexity and classifier decisions. First, the behavior of complexity measures is assessed by considering several subsamples of the dataset. The complexity measures with high variability across the subsamples are selected for posterior pool adaptation, where an evolutionary algorithm optimizes diversity in both complexity and decision spaces. A robust experimental protocol with 28 datasets and 20 replications is used to evaluate the proposed method. Results show significant accuracy improvements in 69.4% of the experiments when Dynamic Classifier Selection and Dynamic Ensemble Selection methods are applied.      
### 38.Deep Joint Transmission-Recognition for Multi-View Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01902.pdf)
>  We propose joint transmission-recognition schemes for efficient inference at the wireless edge. Motivated by the surveillance applications with wireless cameras, we consider the person classification task over a wireless channel carried out by multi-view cameras operating as edge devices. We introduce deep neural network (DNN) based compression schemes which incorporate digital (separate) transmission and joint source-channel coding (JSCC) methods. We evaluate the proposed device-edge communication schemes under different channel SNRs, bandwidth and power constraints. We show that the JSCC schemes not only improve the end-to-end accuracy but also simplify the encoding process and provide graceful degradation with channel quality.      
### 39.A Comprehensive Study of Class Incremental Learning Algorithms for Visual Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01844.pdf)
>  The ability of artificial agents to increment their capabilities when confronted with new data is an open challenge in artificial intelligence. The main challenge faced in such cases is catastrophic forgetting, i.e., the tendency of neural networks to underfit past data when new ones are ingested. A first group of approaches tackles catastrophic forgetting by increasing deep model capacity to accommodate new knowledge. A second type of approaches fix the deep model size and introduce a mechanism whose objective is to ensure a good compromise between stability and plasticity of the model. While the first type of algorithms were compared thoroughly, this is not the case for methods which exploit a fixed size model. Here, we focus on the latter, place them in a common conceptual and experimental framework and propose the following contributions: (1) define six desirable properties of incremental learning algorithms and analyze them according to these properties, (2) introduce a unified formalization of the class-incremental learning problem, (3) propose a common evaluation framework which is more thorough than existing ones in terms of number of datasets, size of datasets, size of bounded memory and number of incremental states, (4) investigate the usefulness of herding for past exemplars selection, (5) provide experimental evidence that it is possible to obtain competitive performance without the use of knowledge distillation to tackle catastrophic forgetting, and (6) facilitate reproducibility by integrating all tested methods in a common open-source repository. The main experimental finding is that none of the existing algorithms achieves the best results in all evaluated settings. Important differences arise notably if a bounded memory of past classes is allowed or not.      
### 40.Point of Care Image Analysis for COVID-19  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01789.pdf)
>  Early detection of COVID-19 is key in containing the pandemic. Disease detection and evaluation based on imaging is fast and cheap and therefore plays an important role in COVID-19 handling. COVID-19 is easier to detect in chest CT, however, it is expensive, non-portable, and difficult to disinfect, making it unfit as a point-of-care (POC) modality. On the other hand, chest X-ray (CXR) and lung ultrasound (LUS) are widely used, yet, COVID-19 findings in these modalities are not always very clear. Here we train deep neural networks to significantly enhance the capability to detect, grade and monitor COVID-19 patients using CXRs and LUS. Collaborating with several hospitals in Israel we collect a large dataset of CXRs and use this dataset to train a neural network obtaining above 90% detection rate for COVID-19. In addition, in collaboration with ULTRa (Ultrasound Laboratory Trento, Italy) and hospitals in Italy we obtained POC ultrasound data with annotations of the severity of disease and trained a deep network for automatic severity grading.      
### 41.Predicting intubation support requirement of patients using Chest X-ray with Deep Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01787.pdf)
>  Recent developments in medical imaging with Deep Learning presents evidence of automated diagnosis and prognosis. It can also be a complement to currently available diagnosis methods. Deep Learning can be leveraged for diagnosis, severity prediction, intubation support prediction and many similar tasks. We present prediction of intubation support requirement for patients from the Chest X-ray using Deep representation learning. We release our source code publicly at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/aniketmaurya/covid-research" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 42.Solving Inverse Problems with Hybrid Deep Image Priors: the challenge of preventing overfitting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01748.pdf)
>  We mainly analyze and solve the overfitting problem of deep image prior (DIP). Deep image prior can solve inverse problems such as super-resolution, inpainting and denoising. The main advantage of DIP over other deep learning approaches is that it does not need access to a large dataset. However, due to the large number of parameters of the neural network and noisy data, DIP overfits to the noise in the image as the number of iterations grows. In the thesis, we use hybrid deep image priors to avoid overfitting. The hybrid priors are to combine DIP with an explicit prior such as total variation or with an implicit prior such as a denoising algorithm. We use the alternating direction method-of-multipliers (ADMM) to incorporate the new prior and try different forms of ADMM to avoid extra computation caused by the inner loop of ADMM steps. We also study the relation between the dynamics of gradient descent, and the overfitting phenomenon. The numerical results show the hybrid priors play an important role in preventing overfitting. Besides, we try to fit the image along some directions and find this method can reduce overfitting when the noise level is large. When the noise level is small, it does not considerably reduce the overfitting problem.      
### 43.Convolution Neural Networks for Semantic Segmentation: Application to Small Datasets of Biomedical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01747.pdf)
>  This thesis studies how the segmentation results, produced by convolutional neural networks (CNN), is different from each other when applied to small biomedical datasets. We use different architectures, parameters and hyper-parameters, trying to find out the better configurations for our task, and trying to find out underlying regularities. Two working datasets are from biomedical area of research. We conducted a lot of experiments with the two types of networks and the received results have shown the preference of some conditions of experiments and parameters of the networks over the others. All testing results are given in the tables and some selected resulting graphs and segmentation predictions are shown for better illustration.      
### 44.Generalized Wasserstein Dice Score, Distributionally Robust Deep Learning, and Ranger for brain tumor segmentation: BraTS 2020 challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01614.pdf)
>  Training a deep neural network is an optimization problem with four main ingredients: the design of the deep neural network, the per-sample loss function, the population loss function, and the optimizer. However, methods developed to compete in recent BraTS challenges tend to focus only on the design of deep neural network architectures, while paying less attention to the three other aspects. In this paper, we experimented with adopting the opposite approach. We stuck to a generic and state-of-the-art 3D U-Net architecture and experimented with a non-standard per-sample loss function, the generalized Wasserstein Dice loss, a non-standard population loss function, corresponding to distributionally robust optimization, and a non-standard optimizer, Ranger. Those variations were selected specifically for the problem of multi-class brain tumor segmentation. The generalized Wasserstein Dice loss is a per-sample loss function that allows taking advantage of the hierarchical structure of the tumor regions labeled in BraTS. Distributionally robust optimization is a generalization of empirical risk minimization that accounts for the presence of underrepresented subdomains in the training dataset. Ranger is a generalization of the widely used Adam optimizer that is more stable with small batch size and noisy labels. We found that each of those variations of the optimization of deep neural networks for brain tumor segmentation leads to improvements in terms of Dice scores and Hausdorff distances. With an ensemble of three deep neural networks trained with various optimization procedures, we achieved promising results on the validation dataset of the BraTS 2020 challenge. Our ensemble ranked fourth out of the 693 registered teams for the segmentation task of the BraTS 2020 challenge.      
### 45.Recent Advances in Understanding Adversarial Robustness of Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01539.pdf)
>  Adversarial examples are inevitable on the road of pervasive applications of deep neural networks (DNN). Imperceptible perturbations applied on natural samples can lead DNN-based classifiers to output wrong prediction with fair confidence score. It is increasingly important to obtain models with high robustness that are resistant to adversarial examples. In this paper, we survey recent advances in how to understand such intriguing property, i.e. adversarial robustness, from different perspectives. We give preliminary definitions on what adversarial attacks and robustness are. After that, we study frequently-used benchmarks and mention theoretically-proved bounds for adversarial robustness. We then provide an overview on analyzing correlations among adversarial robustness and other critical indicators of DNN models. Lastly, we introduce recent arguments on potential costs of adversarial training which have attracted wide attention from the research community.      
### 46.MACE: Model Agnostic Concept Extractor for Explaining Image Classification Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01472.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional networks have been quite successful at various image classification tasks. The current methods to explain the predictions of a pre-trained model rely on gradient information, often resulting in saliency maps that focus on the foreground object as a whole. However, humans typically reason by dissecting an image and pointing out the presence of smaller concepts. The final output is often an aggregation of the presence or absence of these smaller concepts. In this work, we propose MACE: a Model Agnostic Concept Extractor, which can explain the working of a convolutional network through smaller concepts. The MACE framework dissects the feature maps generated by a convolution network for an image to extract concept based prototypical explanations. Further, it estimates the relevance of the extracted concepts to the pre-trained model's predictions, a critical aspect required for explaining the individual class predictions, missing in existing approaches. We validate our framework using VGG16 and ResNet50 CNN architectures, and on datasets like Animals With Attributes 2 (AWA2) and Places365. Our experiments demonstrate that the concepts extracted by the MACE framework increase the human interpretability of the explanations, and are faithful to the underlying pre-trained black-box model.      
### 47.Self-semi-supervised Learning to Learn from NoisyLabeled Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01429.pdf)
>  The remarkable success of today's deep neural networks highly depends on a massive number of correctly labeled data. However, it is rather costly to obtain high-quality human-labeled data, leading to the active research area of training models robust to noisy labels. To achieve this goal, on the one hand, many papers have been dedicated to differentiating noisy labels from clean ones to increase the generalization of DNN. On the other hand, the increasingly prevalent methods of self-semi-supervised learning have been proven to benefit the tasks when labels are incomplete. By 'semi' we regard the wrongly labeled data detected as un-labeled data; by 'self' we choose a self-supervised technique to conduct semi-supervised learning. In this project, we designed methods to more accurately differentiate clean and noisy labels and borrowed the wisdom of self-semi-supervised learning to train noisy labeled data.      
### 48.Patch2Self: Denoising Diffusion MRI with Self-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01355.pdf)
>  Diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging (DWI) is the only noninvasive method for quantifying microstructure and reconstructing white-matter pathways in the living human brain. Fluctuations from multiple sources create significant additive noise in DWI data which must be suppressed before subsequent microstructure analysis. We introduce a self-supervised learning method for denoising DWI data, Patch2Self, which uses the entire volume to learn a full-rank locally linear denoiser for that volume. By taking advantage of the oversampled q-space of DWI data, Patch2Self can separate structure from noise without requiring an explicit model for either. We demonstrate the effectiveness of Patch2Self via quantitative and qualitative improvements in microstructure modeling, tracking (via fiber bundle coherency) and model estimation relative to other unsupervised methods on real and simulated data.      
