# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 26 Nov 2020
### 1.RELLIS-3D Dataset: Data, Benchmarks and Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12954.pdf)
>  Semantic scene understanding is crucial for robust and safe autonomous navigation, particularly so in off-road environments. Recent deep learning advances for 3D semantic segmentation rely heavily on large sets of training data, however existing autonomy datasets either represent urban environments or lack multimodal off-road data. We fill this gap with RELLIS-3D, a multimodal dataset collected in an off-road environment, which contains annotations for 13,556 LiDAR scans and 6,235 images. The data was collected on the Rellis Campus of Texas A&amp;M University, and presents challenges to existing algorithms related to class imbalance and environmental topography. Additionally, we evaluate the current state of the art deep learning semantic segmentation models on this dataset. Experimental results show that RELLIS-3D presents challenges for algorithms designed for segmentation in urban environments. This novel dataset provides the resources needed by researchers to continue to develop more advanced algorithms and investigate new research directions to enhance autonomous navigation in off-road environments. RELLIS-3D will be published at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/unmannedlab/RELLIS-3D" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.Unsupervised Object Detection with LiDAR Clues  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12953.pdf)
>  Despite the importance of unsupervised object detection, to the best of our knowledge, there is no previous work addressing this problem. One main issue, widely known to the community, is that object boundaries derived only from 2D image appearance are ambiguous and unreliable. To address this, we exploit LiDAR clues to aid unsupervised object detection. By exploiting the 3D scene structure, the issue of localization can be considerably mitigated. We further identify another major issue, seldom noticed by the community, that the long-tailed and open-ended (sub-)category distribution should be accommodated. In this paper, we present the first practical method for unsupervised object detection with the aid of LiDAR clues. In our approach, candidate object segments based on 3D point clouds are firstly generated. Then, an iterative segment labeling process is conducted to assign segment labels and to train a segment labeling network, which is based on features from both 2D images and 3D point clouds. The labeling process is carefully designed so as to mitigate the issue of long-tailed and open-ended distribution. The final segment labels are set as pseudo annotations for object detection network training. Extensive experiments on the large-scale Waymo Open dataset suggest that the derived unsupervised object detection method achieves reasonable accuracy compared with that of strong supervision within the LiDAR visible range. Code shall be released.      
### 3.Space-time Neural Irradiance Fields for Free-Viewpoint Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12950.pdf)
>  We present a method that learns a spatiotemporal neural irradiance field for dynamic scenes from a single video. Our learned representation enables free-viewpoint rendering of the input video. Our method builds upon recent advances in implicit representations. Learning a spatiotemporal irradiance field from a single video poses significant challenges because the video contains only one observation of the scene at any point in time. The 3D geometry of a scene can be legitimately represented in numerous ways since varying geometry (motion) can be explained with varying appearance and vice versa. We address this ambiguity by constraining the time-varying geometry of our dynamic scene representation using the scene depth estimated from video depth estimation methods, aggregating contents from individual frames into a single global representation. We provide an extensive quantitative evaluation and demonstrate compelling free-viewpoint rendering results.      
### 4.Deformable Neural Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12948.pdf)
>  We present the first method capable of photorealistically reconstructing a non-rigidly deforming scene using photos/videos captured casually from mobile phones. Our approach -- D-NeRF -- augments neural radiance fields (NeRF) by optimizing an additional continuous volumetric deformation field that warps each observed point into a canonical 5D NeRF. We observe that these NeRF-like deformation fields are prone to local minima, and propose a coarse-to-fine optimization method for coordinate-based models that allows for more robust optimization. By adapting principles from geometry processing and physical simulation to NeRF-like models, we propose an elastic regularization of the deformation field that further improves robustness. We show that D-NeRF can turn casually captured selfie photos/videos into deformable NeRF models that allow for photorealistic renderings of the subject from arbitrary viewpoints, which we dub "nerfies." We evaluate our method by collecting data using a rig with two mobile phones that take time-synchronized photos, yielding train/validation images of the same pose at different viewpoints. We show that our method faithfully reconstructs non-rigidly deforming scenes and reproduces unseen views with high fidelity.      
### 5.Multiclass non-Adversarial Image Synthesis, with Application to Classification from Very Small Sample  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12942.pdf)
>  The generation of synthetic images is currently being dominated by Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). Despite their outstanding success in generating realistic looking images, they still suffer from major drawbacks, including an unstable and highly sensitive training procedure, mode-collapse and mode-mixture, and dependency on large training sets. In this work we present a novel non-adversarial generative method - Clustered Optimization of LAtent space (COLA), which overcomes some of the limitations of GANs, and outperforms GANs when training data is scarce. In the full data regime, our method is capable of generating diverse multi-class images with no supervision, surpassing previous non-adversarial methods in terms of image quality and diversity. In the small-data regime, where only a small sample of labeled images is available for training with no access to additional unlabeled data, our results surpass state-of-the-art GAN models trained on the same amount of data. Finally, when utilizing our model to augment small datasets, we surpass the state-of-the-art performance in small-sample classification tasks on challenging datasets, including CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, STL-10 and Tiny-ImageNet. A theoretical analysis supporting the essence of the method is presented.      
### 6.Unsupervised Object Keypoint Learning using Local Spatial Predictability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12930.pdf)
>  We propose PermaKey, a novel approach to representation learning based on object keypoints. It leverages the predictability of local image regions from spatial neighborhoods to identify salient regions that correspond to object parts, which are then converted to keypoints. Unlike prior approaches, it utilizes predictability to discover object keypoints, an intrinsic property of objects. This ensures that it does not overly bias keypoints to focus on characteristics that are not unique to objects, such as movement, shape, colour etc. We demonstrate the efficacy of PermaKey on Atari where it learns keypoints corresponding to the most salient object parts and is robust to certain visual distractors. Further, on downstream RL tasks in the Atari domain we demonstrate how agents equipped with our keypoints outperform those using competing alternatives, even on challenging environments with moving backgrounds or distractor objects.      
### 7.DRACO: Weakly Supervised Dense Reconstruction And Canonicalization of Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12912.pdf)
>  We present DRACO, a method for Dense Reconstruction And Canonicalization of Object shape from one or more RGB images. Canonical shape reconstruction, estimating 3D object shape in a coordinate space canonicalized for scale, rotation, and translation parameters, is an emerging paradigm that holds promise for a multitude of robotic applications. Prior approaches either rely on painstakingly gathered dense 3D supervision, or produce only sparse canonical representations, limiting real-world applicability. DRACO performs dense canonicalization using only weak supervision in the form of camera poses and semantic keypoints at train time. During inference, DRACO predicts dense object-centric depth maps in a canonical coordinate-space, solely using one or more RGB images of an object. Extensive experiments on canonical shape reconstruction and pose estimation show that DRACO is competitive or superior to fully-supervised methods.      
### 8.Open-World Learning Without Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12906.pdf)
>  Open-world learning is a problem where an autonomous agent detects things that it does not know and learns them over time from a non-stationary and never-ending stream of data; in an open-world environment, the training data and objective criteria are never available at once. The agent should grasp new knowledge from learning without forgetting acquired prior knowledge. Researchers proposed a few open-world learning agents for image classification tasks that operate in complex scenarios. However, all prior work on open-world learning has all labeled data to learn the new classes from the stream of images. In scenarios where autonomous agents should respond in near real-time or work in areas with limited communication infrastructure, human labeling of data is not possible. Therefore, supervised open-world learning agents are not scalable solutions for such applications. Herein, we propose a new framework that enables agents to learn new classes from a stream of unlabeled data in an unsupervised manner. Also, we study the robustness and learning speed of such agents with supervised and unsupervised feature representation. We also introduce a new metric for open-world learning without labels. We anticipate our theories and method to be a starting point for developing autonomous true open-world never-ending learning agents.      
### 9.Adversarial Evaluation of Multimodal Models under Realistic Gray Box Assumption  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12902.pdf)
>  This work examines the vulnerability of multimodal (image + text) models to adversarial threats similar to those discussed in previous literature on unimodal (image- or text-only) models. We introduce realistic assumptions of partial model knowledge and access, and discuss how these assumptions differ from the standard "black-box"/"white-box" dichotomy common in current literature on adversarial attacks. Working under various levels of these "gray-box" assumptions, we develop new attack methodologies unique to multimodal classification and evaluate them on the Hateful Memes Challenge classification task. We find that attacking multiple modalities yields stronger attacks than unimodal attacks alone (inducing errors in up to 73% of cases), and that the unimodal image attacks on multimodal classifiers we explored were stronger than character-based text augmentation attacks (inducing errors on average in 45% and 30% of cases, respectively).      
### 10.Recalibration of Neural Networks for Point Cloud Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12888.pdf)
>  Spatial and channel re-calibration have become powerful concepts in computer vision. Their ability to capture long-range dependencies is especially useful for those networks that extract local features, such as CNNs. While re-calibration has been widely studied for image analysis, it has not yet been used on shape representations. In this work, we introduce re-calibration modules on deep neural networks for 3D point clouds. We propose a set of re-calibration blocks that extend Squeeze and Excitation blocks and that can be added to any network for 3D point cloud analysis that builds a global descriptor by hierarchically combining features from multiple local neighborhoods. We run two sets of experiments to validate our approach. First, we demonstrate the benefit and versatility of our proposed modules by incorporating them into three state-of-the-art networks for 3D point cloud analysis: PointNet++, DGCNN, and RSCNN. We evaluate each network on two tasks: object classification on ModelNet40, and object part segmentation on ShapeNet. Our results show an improvement of up to 1% in accuracy for ModelNet40 compared to the baseline method. In the second set of experiments, we investigate the benefits of re-calibration blocks on Alzheimer's Disease (AD) diagnosis. Our results demonstrate that our proposed methods yield a 2% increase in accuracy for diagnosing AD and a 2.3% increase in concordance index for predicting AD onset with time-to-event analysis. Concluding, re-calibration improves the accuracy of point cloud architectures, while only minimally increasing the number of parameters.      
### 11.Generalized Focal Loss V2: Learning Reliable Localization Quality Estimation for Dense Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12885.pdf)
>  Localization Quality Estimation (LQE) is crucial and popular in the recent advancement of dense object detectors since it can provide accurate ranking scores that benefit the Non-Maximum Suppression processing and improve detection performance. As a common practice, most existing methods predict LQE scores through vanilla convolutional features shared with object classification or bounding box regression. In this paper, we explore a completely novel and different perspective to perform LQE -- based on the learned distributions of the four parameters of the bounding box. The bounding box distributions are inspired and introduced as "General Distribution" in GFLV1, which describes the uncertainty of the predicted bounding boxes well. Such a property makes the distribution statistics of a bounding box highly correlated to its real localization quality. Specifically, a bounding box distribution with a sharp peak usually corresponds to high localization quality, and vice versa. By leveraging the close correlation between distribution statistics and the real localization quality, we develop a considerably lightweight Distribution-Guided Quality Predictor (DGQP) for reliable LQE based on GFLV1, thus producing GFLV2. To our best knowledge, it is the first attempt in object detection to use a highly relevant, statistical representation to facilitate LQE. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our method. Notably, GFLV2 (ResNet-101) achieves 46.2 AP at 14.6 FPS, surpassing the previous state-of-the-art ATSS baseline (43.6 AP at 14.6 FPS) by absolute 2.6 AP on COCO {\tt test-dev}, without sacrificing the efficiency both in training and inference. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/implus/GFocalV2" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.Multimodal Learning for Hateful Memes Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12870.pdf)
>  Memes are pixel-based multimedia documents containing images and expressions that usually raise a funny meaning when mixed. Hateful memes are also spread hatred through social networks. Automatically detecting the hateful memes would help reduce their harmful societal influence. The challenge of hateful memes detection lies in its multimodal information, unlike the conventional multimodal tasks, where the visual and textual information are semantically aligned. The multimodal information in the meme is weakly aligned or even irrelevant, which makes the model not only needs to understand the content in the memes but also reasoning over the multiple modalities. In this paper, we propose a novel method that incorporates the image captioning process into the memes detection process. We conducted extensive experiments on meme datasets and illustrated the effectiveness of our method. Our model also achieves promising results on the Hateful memes detection challenge.      
### 13.Deep Physics-aware Inference of Cloth Deformation for Monocular Human Performance Capture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12866.pdf)
>  Recent monocular human performance capture approaches have shown compelling dense tracking results of the full body from a single RGB camera. However, existing methods either do not estimate clothing at all or model cloth deformation with simple geometric priors instead of taking into account the underlying physical principles. This leads to noticeable artifacts in their reconstructions, such as baked-in wrinkles, implausible deformations that seemingly defy gravity, and intersections between cloth and body. To address these problems, we propose a person-specific, learning-based method that integrates a finite element-based simulation layer into the training process to provide for the first time physics supervision in the context of weakly-supervised deep monocular human performance capture. We show how integrating physics into the training process improves the learned cloth deformations, allows modeling clothing as a separate piece of geometry, and largely reduces cloth-body intersections. Relying only on weak 2D multi-view supervision during training, our approach leads to a significant improvement over current state-of-the-art methods and is thus a clear step towards realistic monocular capture of the entire deforming surface of a clothed human.      
### 14.Relation3DMOT: Exploiting Deep Affinity for 3D Multi-Object Tracking from View Aggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12850.pdf)
>  Autonomous systems need to localize and track surrounding objects in 3D space for safe motion planning. As a result, 3D multi-object tracking (MOT) plays a vital role in autonomous navigation. Most MOT methods use a tracking-by-detection pipeline, which includes object detection and data association processing. However, many approaches detect objects in 2D RGB sequences for tracking, which is lack of reliability when localizing objects in 3D space. Furthermore, it is still challenging to learn discriminative features for temporally-consistent detection in different frames, and the affinity matrix is normally learned from independent object features without considering the feature interaction between detected objects in the different frames. To settle these problems, We firstly employ a joint feature extractor to fuse the 2D and 3D appearance features captured from both 2D RGB images and 3D point clouds respectively, and then propose a novel convolutional operation, named RelationConv, to better exploit the correlation between each pair of objects in the adjacent frames, and learn a deep affinity matrix for further data association. We finally provide extensive evaluation to reveal that our proposed model achieves state-of-the-art performance on KITTI tracking benchmark.      
### 15.Deep-learning coupled with novel classification method to classify the urban environment of the developing world  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12847.pdf)
>  Rapid globalization and the interdependence of humanity that engender tremendous in-flow of human migration towards the urban spaces. With advent of high definition satellite images, high resolution data, computational methods such as deep neural network, capable hardware; urban planning is seeing a paradigm shift. Legacy data on urban environments are now being complemented with high-volume, high-frequency data. In this paper we propose a novel classification method that is readily usable for machine analysis and show applicability of the methodology on a developing world setting. The state-of-the-art is mostly dominated by classification of building structures, building types etc. and largely represents the developed world which are insufficient for developing countries such as Bangladesh where the surrounding is crucial for the classification. Moreover, the traditional methods propose small-scale classifications, which give limited information with poor scalability and are slow to compute. We categorize the urban area in terms of informal and formal spaces taking the surroundings into account. 50 km x 50 km Google Earth image of Dhaka, Bangladesh was visually annotated and categorized by an expert. The classification is based broadly on two dimensions: urbanization and the architectural form of urban environment. Consequently, the urban space is divided into four classes: 1) highly informal; 2) moderately informal; 3) moderately formal; and 4) highly formal areas. In total 16 sub-classes were identified. For semantic segmentation, Google's DeeplabV3+ model was used which increases the field of view of the filters to incorporate larger context. Image encompassing 70% of the urban space was used for training and the remaining 30% was used for testing and validation. The model is able to segment with 75% accuracy and 60% Mean IoU.      
### 16.Image Inpainting with Contextual Reconstruction Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12836.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been observed to be inefficient in propagating information across distant spatial positions in images. Recent studies in image inpainting attempt to overcome this issue by explicitly searching reference regions throughout the entire image to fill the features from reference regions in the missing regions. This operation can be implemented as contextual attention layer (CA layer) \cite{yu2018generative}, which has been widely used in many deep learning-based methods. However, it brings significant computational overhead as it computes the pair-wise similarity of feature patches at every spatial position. Also, it often fails to find proper reference regions due to the lack of supervision in terms of the correspondence between missing regions and known regions. We propose a novel contextual reconstruction loss (CR loss) to solve these problems. First, a criterion of searching reference region is designed based on minimizing reconstruction and adversarial losses corresponding to the searched reference and the ground-truth image. Second, unlike previous approaches which integrate the computationally heavy patch searching and replacement operation in the inpainting model, CR loss encourages a vanilla CNN to simulate this behavior during training, thus no extra computations are required during inference. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed inpainting model with the CR loss compares favourably against the state-of-the-arts in terms of quantitative and visual performance. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zengxianyu/crfill" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 17.Enhanced 3DMM Attribute Control via Synthetic Dataset Creation Pipeline  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12833.pdf)
>  While facial attribute manipulation of 2D images via Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) has become common in computer vision and graphics due to its many practical uses, research on 3D attribute manipulation is relatively undeveloped. Existing 3D attribute manipulation methods are limited because the same semantic changes are applied to every 3D face. The key challenge for developing better 3D attribute control methods is the lack of paired training data in which one attribute is changed while other attributes are held fixed---e.g., a pair of 3D faces where one is male and the other is female but all other attributes, such as race and expression, are the same. To overcome this challenge, we design a novel pipeline for generating paired 3D faces by harnessing the power of GANs. On top of this pipeline, we then propose an enhanced non-linear 3D conditional attribute controller that increases the precision and diversity of 3D attribute control compared to existing methods. We demonstrate the validity of our dataset creation pipeline and the superior performance of our conditional attribute controller via quantitative and qualitative evaluations.      
### 18.Interpreting U-Nets via Task-Driven Multiscale Dictionary Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12815.pdf)
>  U-Nets have been tremendously successful in many imaging inverse problems. In an effort to understand the source of this success, we show that one can reduce a U-Net to a tractable, well-understood sparsity-driven dictionary model while retaining its strong empirical performance. We achieve this by extracting a certain multiscale convolutional dictionary from the standard U-Net. This dictionary imitates the structure of the U-Net in its convolution, scale-separation, and skip connection aspects, while doing away with the nonlinear parts. We show that this model can be trained in a task-driven dictionary learning framework and yield comparable results to standard U-Nets on a number of relevant tasks, including CT and MRI reconstruction. These results suggest that the success of the U-Net may be explained mainly by its multiscale architecture and the induced sparse representation.      
### 19.Fast Object Segmentation Learning with Kernel-based Methods for Robotics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12805.pdf)
>  Object segmentation is a key component in the visual system of a robot that performs tasks like grasping and object manipulation, especially in presence of occlusions. Like many other Computer Vision tasks, the adoption of deep architectures has made available algorithms that perform this task with remarkable performance. However, adoption of such algorithms in robotics is hampered by the fact that training requires large amount of computing time and it cannot be performed on-line. In this work, we propose a novel architecture for object segmentation, that overcomes this problem and provides comparable performance in a fraction of the time required by the state-of-the-art methods. Our approach is based on a pre-trained Mask R-CNN, in which various layers have been replaced with a set of classifiers and regressors that are retrained for a new task. We employ an efficient Kernel-based method that allows for fast training on large scale problems. Our approach is validated on the YCB-Video dataset which is widely adopted in the Computer Vision and Robotics community, demonstrating that we can achieve and even surpass performance of the state-of-the-art, with a significant reduction (${\sim}6\times$) of the training time. The code will be released upon acceptance.      
### 20.StyleSpace Analysis: Disentangled Controls for StyleGAN Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12799.pdf)
>  We explore and analyze the latent style space of StyleGAN2, a state-of-the-art architecture for image generation, using models pretrained on several different datasets. We first show that StyleSpace, the space of channel-wise style parameters, is significantly more disentangled than the other intermediate latent spaces explored by previous works. Next, we describe a method for discovering a large collection of style channels, each of which is shown to control a distinct visual attribute in a highly localized and disentangled manner. Third, we propose a simple method for identifying style channels that control a specific attribute, using a pretrained classifier or a small number of example images. Manipulation of visual attributes via these StyleSpace controls is shown to be better disentangled than via those proposed in previous works. To show this, we make use of a newly proposed Attribute Dependency metric. Finally, we demonstrate the applicability of StyleSpace controls to the manipulation of real images. Our findings pave the way to semantically meaningful and well-disentangled image manipulations via simple and intuitive interfaces.      
### 21.Fast Region Proposal Learning for Object Detection for Robotics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12790.pdf)
>  Object detection is a fundamental task for robots to operate in unstructured environments. Today, there are several deep learning algorithms that solve this task with remarkable performance. Unfortunately, training such systems requires several hours of GPU time. For robots, to successfully adapt to changes in the environment or learning new objects, it is also important that object detectors can be re-trained in a short amount of time. A recent method [1] proposes an architecture that leverages on the powerful representation of deep learning descriptors, while permitting fast adaptation time. Leveraging on the natural decomposition of the task in (i) regions candidate generation, (ii) feature extraction and (iii) regions classification, this method performs fast adaptation of the detector, by only re-training the classification layer. This shortens training time while maintaining state-of-the-art performance. In this paper, we firstly demonstrate that a further boost in accuracy can be obtained by adapting, in addition, the regions candidate generation on the task at hand. Secondly, we extend the object detection system presented in [1] with the proposed fast learning approach, showing experimental evidence on the improvement provided in terms of speed and accuracy on two different robotics datasets. The code to reproduce the experiments is publicly available on GitHub.      
### 22.Face recognition using PCA integrated with Delaunay triangulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12786.pdf)
>  Face Recognition is most used for biometric user authentication that identifies a user based on his or her facial features. The system is in high demand, as it is used by many businesses and employed in many devices such as smartphones and surveillance cameras. However, one frequent problem that is still observed in this user-verification method is its accuracy rate. Numerous approaches and algorithms have been experimented to improve the stated flaw of the system. This research develops one such algorithm that utilizes a combination of two different approaches. Using the concepts from Linear Algebra and computational geometry, the research examines the integration of Principal Component Analysis with Delaunay Triangulation; the method triangulates a set of face landmark points and obtains eigenfaces of the provided images. It compares the algorithm with traditional PCA and discusses the inclusion of different face landmark points to deliver an effective recognition rate.      
### 23.Transfer Learning for Aided Target Recognition: Comparing Deep Learning to other Machine Learning Approaches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12762.pdf)
>  Aided target recognition (AiTR), the problem of classifying objects from sensor data, is an important problem with applications across industry and defense. While classification algorithms continue to improve, they often require more training data than is available or they do not transfer well to settings not represented in the training set. These problems are mitigated by transfer learning (TL), where knowledge gained in a well-understood source domain is transferred to a target domain of interest. In this context, the target domain could represents a poorly-labeled dataset, a different sensor, or an altogether new set of classes to identify. <br>While TL for classification has been an active area of machine learning (ML) research for decades, transfer learning within a deep learning framework remains a relatively new area of research. Although deep learning (DL) provides exceptional modeling flexibility and accuracy on recent real world problems, open questions remain regarding how much transfer benefit is gained by using DL versus other ML architectures. Our goal is to address this shortcoming by comparing transfer learning within a DL framework to other ML approaches across transfer tasks and datasets. Our main contributions are: 1) an empirical analysis of DL and ML algorithms on several transfer tasks and domains including gene expressions and satellite imagery, and 2) a discussion of the limitations and assumptions of TL for aided target recognition -- both for DL and ML in general. We close with a discussion of future directions for DL transfer.      
### 24.Deep Magnification-Arbitrary Upsampling over 3D Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12745.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of generating dense point clouds from given sparse point clouds to model the underlying geometric structures of objects/scenes. To tackle this challenging issue, we propose a novel end-to-end learning based framework, namely MAPU-Net. Specifically, by taking advantage of the linear approximation theorem, we first formulate the problem explicitly, which boils down to determining the interpolation weights and high-order approximation errors. Then, we design a lightweight neural network to adaptively learn unified and sorted interpolation weights and normal-guided displacements, by analyzing the local geometry of the input point cloud. MAPU-Net can be interpreted by the explicit formulation, and thus is more memory-efficient than existing ones. In sharp contrast to the existing methods that work only for a pre-defined and fixed upsampling factor, MAPU-Net, a single neural network with one-time training, can handle an arbitrary upsampling factor, which is highly desired in real-world applications. In addition, we propose a simple yet effective training strategy to drive such a flexible ability. Extensive experiments on both synthetic and real world data demonstrate the superiority of the proposed MAPU-Net over state-of-the-art methods both quantitatively and qualitatively. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first end-to-end learning based method that is capable of achieving magnification-arbitrary upsampling over 3D point clouds.      
### 25.Simple statistical methods for unsupervised brain anomaly detection on MRI are competitive to deep learning methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12735.pdf)
>  Statistical analysis of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) can help radiologists to detect pathologies that are otherwise likely to be missed. Deep learning (DL) has shown promise in modeling complex spatial data for brain anomaly detection. However, DL models have major deficiencies: they need large amounts of high-quality training data, are difficult to design and train and are sensitive to subtle changes in scanning protocols and hardware. Here, we show that also simple statistical methods such as voxel-wise (baseline and covariance) models and a linear projection method using spatial patterns can achieve DL-equivalent (3D convolutional autoencoder) performance in unsupervised pathology detection. All methods were trained (N=395) and compared (N=44) on a novel, expert-curated multiparametric (8 sequences) head MRI dataset of healthy and pathological cases, respectively. We show that these simple methods can be more accurate in detecting small lesions and are considerably easier to train and comprehend. The methods were quantitatively compared using AUC and average precision and evaluated qualitatively on clinical use cases comprising brain atrophy, tumors (small metastases) and movement artefacts. Our results demonstrate that while DL methods may be useful, they should show a sufficiently large performance improvement over simpler methods to justify their usage. Thus, simple statistical methods should provide the baseline for benchmarks. Source code and trained models are available on GitHub (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/vsaase/simpleBAD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>).      
### 26.Attention Aware Cost Volume Pyramid Based Multi-view Stereo Network for 3D Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12722.pdf)
>  We present an efficient multi-view stereo (MVS) network for 3D reconstruction from multiview images. While previous learning based reconstruction approaches performed quite well, most of them estimate depth maps at a fixed resolution using plane sweep volumes with a fixed depth hypothesis at each plane, which requires densely sampled planes for desired accuracy and therefore is difficult to achieve high resolution depth maps. In this paper we introduce a coarseto-fine depth inference strategy to achieve high resolution depth. This strategy estimates the depth map at coarsest level, while the depth maps at finer levels are considered as the upsampled depth map from previous level with pixel-wise depth residual. Thus, we narrow the depth searching range with priori information from previous level and construct new cost volumes from the pixel-wise depth residual to perform depth map refinement. Then the final depth map could be achieved iteratively since all the parameters are shared between different levels. At each level, the self-attention layer is introduced to the feature extraction block for capturing the long range dependencies for depth inference task, and the cost volume is generated using similarity measurement instead of the variance based methods used in previous work. Experiments were conducted on both the DTU benchmark dataset and recently released BlendedMVS dataset. The results demonstrated that our model could outperform most state-of-the-arts (SOTA) methods. The codebase of this project is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ArthasMil/AACVP-MVSNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 27.Reduced Reference Perceptual Quality Model and Application to Rate Control for 3D Point Cloud Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12688.pdf)
>  In rate-distortion optimization, the encoder settings are determined by maximizing a reconstruction quality measure subject to a constraint on the bit rate. One of the main challenges of this approach is to define a quality measure that can be computed with low computational cost and which correlates well with perceptual quality. While several quality measures that fulfil these two criteria have been developed for images and video, no such one exists for 3D point clouds. We address this limitation for the video-based point cloud compression (V-PCC) standard by proposing a linear perceptual quality model whose variables are the V-PCC geometry and color quantization parameters and whose coefficients can easily be computed from two features extracted from the original 3D point cloud. Subjective quality tests with 400 compressed 3D point clouds show that the proposed model correlates well with the mean opinion score, outperforming state-of-the-art full reference objective measures in terms of Spearman rank-order and Pearsons linear correlation coefficient. Moreover, we show that for the same target bit rate, ratedistortion optimization based on the proposed model offers higher perceptual quality than rate-distortion optimization based on exhaustive search with a point-to-point objective quality metric.      
### 28.Adversarial Attack on Facial Recognition using Visible Light  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12680.pdf)
>  The use of deep learning for human identification and object detection is becoming ever more prevalent in the surveillance industry. These systems have been trained to identify human body's or faces with a high degree of accuracy. However, there have been successful attempts to fool these systems with different techniques called adversarial attacks. This paper presents a final report for an adversarial attack using visible light on facial recognition systems. The relevance of this research is to exploit the physical downfalls of deep neural networks. This demonstration of weakness within these systems are in hopes that this research will be used in the future to improve the training models for object recognition. As results were gathered the project objectives were adjusted to fit the outcomes. Because of this the following paper initially explores an adversarial attack using infrared light before readjusting to a visible light attack. A research outline on infrared light and facial recognition are presented within. A detailed analyzation of the current findings and possible future recommendations of the project are presented. The challenges encountered are evaluated and a final solution is delivered. The projects final outcome exhibits the ability to effectively fool recognition systems using light.      
### 29.Bayesian Triplet Loss: Uncertainty Quantification in Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12663.pdf)
>  Uncertainty quantification in image retrieval is crucial for downstream decisions, yet it remains a challenging and largely unexplored problem. Current methods for estimating uncertainties are poorly calibrated, computationally expensive, or based on heuristics. We present a new method that views image embeddings as stochastic features rather than deterministic features. Our two main contributions are (1) a likelihood that matches the triplet constraint and that evaluates the probability of an anchor being closer to a positive than a negative; and (2) a prior over the feature space that justifies the conventional l2 normalization. To ensure computational efficiency, we derive a variational approximation of the posterior, called the Bayesian triplet loss, that produces state-of-the-art uncertainty estimates and matches the predictive performance of current state-of-the-art methods.      
### 30.Quantifying Explainers of Graph Neural Networks in Computational Pathology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12646.pdf)
>  Explainability of deep learning methods is imperative to facilitate their clinical adoption in digital pathology. However, popular deep learning methods and explainability techniques (explainers) based on pixel-wise processing disregard biological entities' notion, thus complicating comprehension by pathologists. In this work, we address this by adopting biological entity-based graph processing and graph explainers enabling explanations accessible to pathologists. In this context, a major challenge becomes to discern meaningful explainers, particularly in a standardized and quantifiable fashion. To this end, we propose herein a set of novel quantitative metrics based on statistics of class separability using pathologically measurable concepts to characterize graph explainers. We employ the proposed metrics to evaluate three types of graph explainers, namely the layer-wise relevance propagation, gradient-based saliency, and graph pruning approaches, to explain Cell-Graph representations for Breast Cancer Subtyping. The proposed metrics are also applicable in other domains by using domain-specific intuitive concepts. We validate the qualitative and quantitative findings on the BRACS dataset, a large cohort of breast cancer RoIs, by expert pathologists.      
### 31.Auto Graph Encoder-Decoder for Model Compression and Network Acceleration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12641.pdf)
>  Model compression aims to deploy deep neural networks (DNN) to mobile devices with limited computing power and storage resource. However, most of the existing model compression methods rely on manually defined rules, which requires domain expertise. In this paper, we propose an Auto Graph encoder-decoder Model Compression (AGMC) method combined with graph neural networks (GNN) and reinforcement learning (RL) to find the best compression policy. We model the target DNN as a graph and use GNN to learn the embeddings of the DNN automatically. In our experiments, we first compared our method with rule-based DNN embedding methods to show the graph auto encoder-decoder's effectiveness. Our learning-based DNN embedding achieved better performance and a higher compression ratio with fewer search steps. Moreover, we evaluated the AGMC on CIFAR-10 and ILSVRC-2012 datasets and compared handcrafted and learning-based model compression approaches. Our method outperformed handcrafted and learning-based methods on ResNet-56 with 3.6% and 1.8% higher accuracy, respectively. Furthermore, we achieved a higher compression ratio than state-of-the-art methods on MobileNet-V2 with just 0.93% accuracy loss.      
### 32.PGL: Prior-Guided Local Self-supervised Learning for 3D Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12640.pdf)
>  It has been widely recognized that the success of deep learning in image segmentation relies overwhelmingly on a myriad amount of densely annotated training data, which, however, are difficult to obtain due to the tremendous labor and expertise required, particularly for annotating 3D medical images. Although self-supervised learning (SSL) has shown great potential to address this issue, most SSL approaches focus only on image-level global consistency, but ignore the local consistency which plays a pivotal role in capturing structural information for dense prediction tasks such as segmentation. In this paper, we propose a PriorGuided Local (PGL) self-supervised model that learns the region-wise local consistency in the latent feature space. Specifically, we use the spatial transformations, which produce different augmented views of the same image, as a prior to deduce the location relation between two views, which is then used to align the feature maps of the same local region but being extracted on two views. Next, we construct a local consistency loss to minimize the voxel-wise discrepancy between the aligned feature maps. Thus, our PGL model learns the distinctive representations of local regions, and hence is able to retain structural information. This ability is conducive to downstream segmentation tasks. We conducted an extensive evaluation on four public computerized tomography (CT) datasets that cover 11 kinds of major human organs and two tumors. The results indicate that using pre-trained PGL model to initialize a downstream network leads to a substantial performance improvement over both random initialization and the initialization with global consistency-based models. Code and pre-trained weights will be made available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/PGL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.Improving Augmentation and Evaluation Schemes for Semantic Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12636.pdf)
>  Despite data augmentation being a de facto technique for boosting the performance of deep neural networks, little attention has been paid to developing augmentation strategies for generative adversarial networks (GANs). To this end, we introduce a novel augmentation scheme designed specifically for GAN-based semantic image synthesis models. We propose to randomly warp object shapes in the semantic label maps used as an input to the generator. The local shape discrepancies between the warped and non-warped label maps and images enable the GAN to learn better the structural and geometric details of the scene and thus to improve the quality of generated images. While benchmarking the augmented GAN models against their vanilla counterparts, we discover that the quantification metrics reported in the previous semantic image synthesis studies are strongly biased towards specific semantic classes as they are derived via an external pre-trained segmentation network. We therefore propose to improve the established semantic image synthesis evaluation scheme by analyzing separately the performance of generated images on the biased and unbiased classes for the given segmentation network. Finally, we show strong quantitative and qualitative improvements obtained with our augmentation scheme, on both class splits, using state-of-the-art semantic image synthesis models across three different datasets. On average across COCO-Stuff, ADE20K and Cityscapes datasets, the augmented models outperform their vanilla counterparts by ~3 mIoU and ~10 FID points.      
### 34.Recent Progress in Appearance-based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12619.pdf)
>  Action recognition, which is formulated as a task to identify various human actions in a video, has attracted increasing interest from computer vision researchers due to its importance in various applications. Recently, appearance-based methods have achieved promising progress towards accurate action recognition. In general, these methods mainly fulfill the task by applying various schemes to model spatial and temporal visual information effectively. To better understand the current progress of appearance-based action recognition, we provide a comprehensive review of recent achievements in this area. In particular, we summarise and discuss several dozens of related research papers, which can be roughly divided into four categories according to different appearance modelling strategies. The obtained categories include 2D convolutional methods, 3D convolutional methods, motion representation-based methods, and context representation-based methods. We analyse and discuss representative methods from each category, comprehensively. Empirical results are also summarised to better illustrate cutting-edge algorithms. We conclude by identifying important areas for future research gleaned from our categorisation.      
### 35.ImCLR: Implicit Contrastive Learning for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12618.pdf)
>  Contrastive learning is an effective method for learning visual representations. In most cases, this involves adding an explicit loss function to encourage similar images to have similar representations, and different images to have different representations. Inspired by contrastive learning, we introduce a clever input construction for Implicit Contrastive Learning (ImCLR), primarily in the supervised setting: there, the network can implicitly learn to differentiate between similar and dissimilar images. Each input is presented as a concatenation of two images, and the label is the mean of the two one-hot labels. Furthermore, this requires almost no change to existing pipelines, which allows for easy integration and for fair demonstration of effectiveness on a wide range of well-accepted benchmarks. Namely, there is no change to loss, no change to hyperparameters, and no change to general network architecture. We show that ImCLR improves the test error in the supervised setting across a variety of settings, including 3.24% on Tiny ImageNet, 1.30% on CIFAR-100, 0.14% on CIFAR-10, and 2.28% on STL-10. We show that this holds across different number of labeled samples, maintaining approximately a 2% gap in test accuracy down to using only 5% of the whole dataset. We further show that gains hold for robustness to common input corruptions and perturbations at varying severities with a 0.72% improvement on CIFAR-100-C, and in the semi-supervised setting with a 2.16% improvement with the standard benchmark $\Pi$-model. We demonstrate that ImCLR is complementary to existing data augmentation techniques, achieving over 1% improvement on CIFAR-100 and 2% improvement on Tiny ImageNet by combining ImCLR with CutMix over either baseline, and 2% by combining ImCLR with AutoAugment over either baseline.      
### 36.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation in Semantic Segmentation via Orthogonal and Clustered Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12616.pdf)
>  Deep learning frameworks allowed for a remarkable advancement in semantic segmentation, but the data hungry nature of convolutional networks has rapidly raised the demand for adaptation techniques able to transfer learned knowledge from label-abundant domains to unlabeled ones. In this paper we propose an effective Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) strategy, based on a feature clustering method that captures the different semantic modes of the feature distribution and groups features of the same class into tight and well-separated clusters. Furthermore, we introduce two novel learning objectives to enhance the discriminative clustering performance: an orthogonality loss forces spaced out individual representations to be orthogonal, while a sparsity loss reduces class-wise the number of active feature channels. The joint effect of these modules is to regularize the structure of the feature space. Extensive evaluations in the synthetic-to-real scenario show that we achieve state-of-the-art performance.      
### 37.Combining Semantic Guidance and Deep Reinforcement Learning For Generating Human Level Paintings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12589.pdf)
>  Generation of stroke-based non-photorealistic imagery, is an important problem in the computer vision community. As an endeavor in this direction, substantial recent research efforts have been focused on teaching machines "how to paint", in a manner similar to a human painter. However, the applicability of previous methods has been limited to datasets with little variation in position, scale and saliency of the foreground object. As a consequence, we find that these methods struggle to cover the granularity and diversity possessed by real world images. To this end, we propose a Semantic Guidance pipeline with 1) a bi-level painting procedure for learning the distinction between foreground and background brush strokes at training time. 2) We also introduce invariance to the position and scale of the foreground object through a neural alignment model, which combines object localization and spatial transformer networks in an end to end manner, to zoom into a particular semantic instance. 3) The distinguishing features of the in-focus object are then amplified by maximizing a novel guided backpropagation based focus reward. The proposed agent does not require any supervision on human stroke-data and successfully handles variations in foreground object attributes, thus, producing much higher quality canvases for the CUB-200 Birds and Stanford Cars-196 datasets. Finally, we demonstrate the further efficacy of our method on complex datasets with multiple foreground object instances by evaluating an extension of our method on the challenging Virtual-KITTI dataset.      
### 38.Multi-Domain Adversarial Feature Generalization for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12563.pdf)
>  With the assistance of sophisticated training methods applied to single labeled datasets, the performance of fully-supervised person re-identification (Person Re-ID) has been improved significantly in recent years. However, these models trained on a single dataset usually suffer from considerable performance degradation when applied to videos of a different camera network. To make Person Re-ID systems more practical and scalable, several cross-dataset domain adaptation methods have been proposed, which achieve high performance without the labeled data from the target domain. However, these approaches still require the unlabeled data of the target domain during the training process, making them impractical. A practical Person Re-ID system pre-trained on other datasets should start running immediately after deployment on a new site without having to wait until sufficient images or videos are collected and the pre-trained model is tuned. To serve this purpose, in this paper, we reformulate person re-identification as a multi-dataset domain generalization problem. We propose a multi-dataset feature generalization network (MMFA-AAE), which is capable of learning a universal domain-invariant feature representation from multiple labeled datasets and generalizing it to `unseen' camera systems. The network is based on an adversarial auto-encoder to learn a generalized domain-invariant latent feature representation with the Maximum Mean Discrepancy (MMD) measure to align the distributions across multiple domains. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. Our MMFA-AAE approach not only outperforms most of the domain generalization Person Re-ID methods, but also surpasses many state-of-the-art supervised methods and unsupervised domain adaptation methods by a large margin.      
### 39.Delving Deep into Label Smoothing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12562.pdf)
>  Label smoothing is an effective regularization tool for deep neural networks (DNNs), which generates soft labels by applying a weighted average between the uniform distribution and the hard label. It is often used to reduce the overfitting problem of training DNNs and further improve classification performance. In this paper, we aim to investigate how to generate more reliable soft labels. We present an Online Label Smoothing (OLS) strategy, which generates soft labels based on the statistics of the model prediction for the target category. The proposed OLS constructs a more reasonable probability distribution between the target categories and non-target categories to supervise DNNs. Experiments demonstrate that based on the same classification models, the proposed approach can effectively improve the classification performance on CIFAR-100, ImageNet, and fine-grained datasets. Additionally, the proposed method can significantly improve the robustness of DNN models to noisy labels compared to current label smoothing approaches. The code will be made publicly available.      
### 40.Robust Correlation Tracking via Multi-channel Fused Features and Reliable Response Map  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12550.pdf)
>  Benefiting from its ability to efficiently learn how an object is changing, correlation filters have recently demonstrated excellent performance for rapidly tracking objects. Designing effective features and handling model drifts are two important aspects for online visual tracking. This paper tackles these challenges by proposing a robust correlation tracking algorithm (RCT) based on two ideas: First, we propose a method to fuse features in order to more naturally describe the gradient and color information of the tracked object, and introduce the fused features into a background aware correlation filter to obtain the response map. Second, we present a novel strategy to significantly reduce noise in the response map and therefore ease the problem of model drift. Systematic comparative evaluations performed over multiple tracking benchmarks demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed approach.      
### 41.Reference-Based Video Colorization with Spatiotemporal Correspondence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12528.pdf)
>  We propose a novel reference-based video colorization framework with spatiotemporal correspondence. Reference-based methods colorize grayscale frames referencing a user input color frame. Existing methods suffer from the color leakage between objects and the emergence of average colors, derived from non-local semantic correspondence in space. To address this issue, we warp colors only from the regions on the reference frame restricted by correspondence in time. We propagate masks as temporal correspondences, using two complementary tracking approaches: off-the-shelf instance tracking for high performance segmentation, and newly proposed dense tracking to track various types of objects. By restricting temporally-related regions for referencing colors, our approach propagates faithful colors throughout the video. Experiments demonstrate that our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods quantitatively and qualitatively.      
### 42.Match Them Up: Visually Explainable Few-shot Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12527.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning (FSL) approaches are usually based on an assumption that the pre-trained knowledge can be obtained from base (seen) categories and can be well transferred to novel (unseen) categories. However, there is no guarantee, especially for the latter part. This issue leads to the unknown nature of the inference process in most FSL methods, which hampers its application in some risk-sensitive areas. In this paper, we reveal a new way to perform FSL for image classification, using visual representations from the backbone model and weights generated by a newly-emerged explainable classifier. The weighted representations only include a minimum number of distinguishable features and the visualized weights can serve as an informative hint for the FSL process. Finally, a discriminator will compare the representations of each pair of the images in the support set and the query set. Pairs with the highest scores will decide the classification results. Experimental results prove that the proposed method can achieve both good accuracy and satisfactory explainability on three mainstream datasets.      
### 43.Using Radiomics as Prior Knowledge for Abnormality Classification and Localization in Chest X-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12506.pdf)
>  Chest X-rays become one of the most common medical diagnoses due to its noninvasiveness. The number of chest X-ray images has skyrocketed, but reading chest X-rays still have been manually performed by radiologists, which creates huge burnouts and delays. Traditionally, radiomics, as a subfield of radiology that can extract a large number of quantitative features from medical images, demonstrates its potential to facilitate medical imaging diagnosis before the deep learning era. In this paper, we develop an algorithm that can utilize the radiomics features to improve the abnormality classification performance. Our algorithm, ChexRadiNet, applies a light-weight but efficient triplet-attention mechanism for highlighting the meaningful image regions to improve localization accuracy. We first apply ChexRadiNet to classify the chest X-rays by using only image features. Then we use the generated heatmaps of chest X-rays to extract radiomics features. Finally, the extracted radiomics features could be used to guide our model to learn more robust accurate image features. After a number of iterations, our model could focus on more accurate image regions and extract more robust features. The empirical evaluation of our method supports our intuition and outperforms other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 44.Privacy-preserving Collaborative Learning with Automatic Transformation Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12505.pdf)
>  Collaborative learning has gained great popularity due to its benefit of data privacy protection: participants can jointly train a Deep Learning model without sharing their training sets. However, recent works discovered that an adversary can fully recover the sensitive training samples from the shared gradients. Such reconstruction attacks pose severe threats to collaborative learning. Hence, effective mitigation solutions are urgently desired. <br>In this paper, we propose to leverage data augmentation to defeat reconstruction attacks: by preprocessing sensitive images with carefully-selected transformation policies, it becomes infeasible for the adversary to extract any useful information from the corresponding gradients. We design a novel search method to automatically discover qualified policies. We adopt two new metrics to quantify the impacts of transformations on data privacy and model usability, which can significantly accelerate the search speed. Comprehensive evaluations demonstrate that the policies discovered by our method can defeat existing reconstruction attacks in collaborative learning, with high efficiency and negligible impact on the model performance.      
### 45.Humble Teacher and Eager Student: Dual Network Learning for Semi-supervised 2D Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12498.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning aims to boost the accuracy of a model by exploring unlabeled images. The state-of-the-art methods are consistency-based which learn about unlabeled images by encouraging the model to give consistent predictions for images under different augmentations. However, when applied to pose estimation, the methods degenerate and predict every pixel in unlabeled images as background. This is because contradictory predictions are gradually pushed to the background class due to highly imbalanced class distribution. But this is not an issue in supervised learning because it has accurate labels. This inspires us to stabilize the training by obtaining reliable pseudo labels. Specifically, we learn two networks to mutually teach each other. In particular, for each image, we compose an easy-hard pair by applying different augmentations and feed them to both networks. The more reliable predictions on easy images in each network are used to teach the other network to learn about the corresponding hard images. The approach successfully avoids degeneration and achieves promising results on public datasets. The source code will be released.      
### 46.Multi-feature driven active contour segmentation model for infrared image with intensity inhomogeneity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12492.pdf)
>  Infrared (IR) image segmentation is essential in many urban defence applications, such as pedestrian surveillance, vehicle counting, security monitoring, etc. Active contour model (ACM) is one of the most widely used image segmentation tools at present, but the existing methods only utilize the local or global single feature information of image to minimize the energy function, which is easy to cause false segmentations in IR images. In this paper, we propose a multi-feature driven active contour segmentation model to handle IR images with intensity inhomogeneity. Firstly, an especially-designed signed pressure force (SPF) function is constructed by combining the global information calculated by global average gray information and the local multi-feature information calculated by local entropy, local standard deviation and gradient information. Then, we draw upon adaptive weight coefficient calculated by local range to adjust the afore-mentioned global term and local term. Next, the SPF function is substituted into the level set formulation (LSF) for further evolution. Finally, the LSF converges after a finite number of iterations, and the IR image segmentation result is obtained from the corresponding convergence result. Experimental results demonstrate that the presented method outperforms the state-of-the-art models in terms of precision rate and overlapping rate in IR test images.      
### 47.DeRF: Decomposed Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12490.pdf)
>  With the advent of Neural Radiance Fields (NeRF), neural networks can now render novel views of a 3D scene with quality that fools the human eye. Yet, generating these images is very computationally intensive, limiting their applicability in practical scenarios. In this paper, we propose a technique based on spatial decomposition capable of mitigating this issue. Our key observation is that there are diminishing returns in employing larger (deeper and/or wider) networks. Hence, we propose to spatially decompose a scene and dedicate smaller networks for each decomposed part. When working together, these networks can render the whole scene. This allows us near-constant inference time regardless of the number of decomposed parts. Moreover, we show that a Voronoi spatial decomposition is preferable for this purpose, as it is provably compatible with the Painter's Algorithm for efficient and GPU-friendly rendering. Our experiments show that for real-world scenes, our method provides up to 3x more efficient inference than NeRF (with the same rendering quality), or an improvement of up to 1.0~dB in PSNR (for the same inference cost).      
### 48.CircleGAN: Generative Adversarial Learning across Spherical Circles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12486.pdf)
>  We present a novel discriminator for GANs that improves realness and diversity of generated samples by learning a structured hypersphere embedding space using spherical circles. The proposed discriminator learns to populate realistic samples around the longest spherical circle, i.e., a great circle, while pushing unrealistic samples toward the poles perpendicular to the great circle. Since longer circles occupy larger area on the hypersphere, they encourage more diversity in representation learning, and vice versa. Discriminating samples based on their corresponding spherical circles can thus naturally induce diversity to generated samples. We also extend the proposed method for conditional settings with class labels by creating a hypersphere for each category and performing class-wise discrimination and update. In experiments, we validate the effectiveness for both unconditional and conditional generation on standard benchmarks, achieving the state of the art.      
### 49.CRACT: Cascaded Regression-Align-Classification for Robust Visual Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12483.pdf)
>  High quality object proposals are crucial in visual tracking algorithms that utilize region proposal network (RPN). Refinement of these proposals, typically by box regression and classification in parallel, has been popularly adopted to boost tracking performance. However, it still meets problems when dealing with complex and dynamic background. Thus motivated, in this paper we introduce an improved proposal refinement module, Cascaded Regression-Align-Classification (CRAC), which yields new state-of-the-art performances on many benchmarks. <br>First, having observed that the offsets from box regression can serve as guidance for proposal feature refinement, we design CRAC as a cascade of box regression, feature alignment and box classification. The key is to bridge box regression and classification via an alignment step, which leads to more accurate features for proposal classification with improved robustness. To address the variation in object appearance, we introduce an identification-discrimination component for box classification, which leverages offline reliable fine-grained template and online rich background information to distinguish the target from background. Moreover, we present pyramid RoIAlign that benefits CRAC by exploiting both the local and global cues of proposals. During inference, tracking proceeds by ranking all refined proposals and selecting the best one. In experiments on seven benchmarks including OTB-2015, UAV123, NfS, VOT-2018, TrackingNet, GOT-10k and LaSOT, our CRACT exhibits very promising results in comparison with state-of-the-art competitors and runs in real-time.      
### 50.CellSegmenter: unsupervised representation learning and instance segmentation of modular images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12482.pdf)
>  We introduce CellSegmenter, a structured deep generative model and an amortized inference framework for unsupervised representation learning and instance segmentation tasks. The proposed inference algorithm is convolutional and parallelized, without any recurrent mechanisms, and is able to resolve object-object occlusion while simultaneously treating distant non-occluding objects independently. This leads to extremely fast training times while allowing extrapolation to arbitrary number of instances. We further introduce a transparent posterior regularization strategy that encourages scene reconstructions with fewest localized objects and a low-complexity background. We evaluate our method on a challenging synthetic multi-MNIST dataset with a structured background and achieve nearly perfect accuracy with only a few hundred training epochs. Finally, we show segmentation results obtained for a cell nuclei imaging dataset, demonstrating the ability of our method to provide high-quality segmentations while also handling realistic use cases involving large number of instances.      
### 51.Emotional Semantics-Preserved and Feature-Aligned CycleGAN for Visual Emotion Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12470.pdf)
>  Thanks to large-scale labeled training data, deep neural networks (DNNs) have obtained remarkable success in many vision and multimedia tasks. However, because of the presence of domain shift, the learned knowledge of the well-trained DNNs cannot be well generalized to new domains or datasets that have few labels. Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) studies the problem of transferring models trained on one labeled source domain to another unlabeled target domain. In this paper, we focus on UDA in visual emotion analysis for both emotion distribution learning and dominant emotion classification. Specifically, we design a novel end-to-end cycle-consistent adversarial model, termed CycleEmotionGAN++. First, we generate an adapted domain to align the source and target domains on the pixel-level by improving CycleGAN with a multi-scale structured cycle-consistency loss. During the image translation, we propose a dynamic emotional semantic consistency loss to preserve the emotion labels of the source images. Second, we train a transferable task classifier on the adapted domain with feature-level alignment between the adapted and target domains. We conduct extensive UDA experiments on the Flickr-LDL &amp; Twitter-LDL datasets for distribution learning and ArtPhoto &amp; FI datasets for emotion classification. The results demonstrate the significant improvements yielded by the proposed CycleEmotionGAN++ as compared to state-of-the-art UDA approaches.      
### 52.Supercharging Imbalanced Data Learning With Causal Representation Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12454.pdf)
>  Dealing with severe class imbalance poses a major challenge for real-world applications, especially when the accurate classification and generalization of minority classes is of primary interest. In computer vision, learning from long tailed datasets is a recurring theme, especially for natural image datasets. While existing solutions mostly appeal to sampling or weighting adjustments to alleviate the pathological imbalance, or imposing inductive bias to prioritize non-spurious associations, we take novel perspectives to promote sample efficiency and model generalization based on the invariance principles of causality. Our proposal posits a meta-distributional scenario, where the data generating mechanism is invariant across the label-conditional feature distributions. Such causal assumption enables efficient knowledge transfer from the dominant classes to their under-represented counterparts, even if the respective feature distributions show apparent disparities. This allows us to leverage a causal data inflation procedure to enlarge the representation of minority classes. Our development is orthogonal to the existing extreme classification techniques thus can be seamlessly integrated. The utility of our proposal is validated with an extensive set of synthetic and real-world computer vision tasks against SOTA solutions.      
### 53.Sparse R-CNN: End-to-End Object Detection with Learnable Proposals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12450.pdf)
>  We present Sparse R-CNN, a purely sparse method for object detection in images. Existing works on object detection heavily rely on dense object candidates, such as $k$ anchor boxes pre-defined on all grids of image feature map of size $H\times W$. In our method, however, a fixed sparse set of learned object proposals, total length of $N$, are provided to object recognition head to perform classification and location. By eliminating $HWk$ (up to hundreds of thousands) hand-designed object candidates to $N$ (e.g. 100) learnable proposals, Sparse R-CNN completely avoids all efforts related to object candidates design and many-to-one label assignment. More importantly, final predictions are directly output without non-maximum suppression post-procedure. Sparse R-CNN demonstrates accuracy, run-time and training convergence performance on par with the well-established detector baselines on the challenging COCO dataset, e.g., achieving 44.5 AP in standard $3\times$ training schedule and running at 22 fps using ResNet-50 FPN model. We hope our work could inspire re-thinking the convention of dense prior in object detectors. The code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PeizeSun/SparseR-CNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 54.Building 3D Morphable Models from a Single Scan  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12440.pdf)
>  We propose a method for constructing generative models of 3D objects from a single 3D mesh. Our method produces a 3D morphable model that represents shape and albedo in terms of Gaussian processes. We define the shape deformations in physical (3D) space and the albedo deformations as a combination of physical-space and color-space deformations. Whereas previous approaches have typically built 3D morphable models from multiple high-quality 3D scans through principal component analysis, we build 3D morphable models from a single scan or template. We demonstrate the utility of these models in the domain of face modeling through inverse rendering and registration tasks. Specifically, we show that our approach can be used to perform face recognition using only a single 3D scan (one scan total, not one per person), and further demonstrate how multiple scans can be incorporated to improve performance without requiring dense correspondence. Our approach enables the synthesis of 3D morphable models for 3D object categories where dense correspondence between multiple scans is unavailable. We demonstrate this by constructing additional 3D morphable models for fish and birds and use them to perform simple inverse rendering tasks.      
### 55.Continuous Surface Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12438.pdf)
>  In this work, we focus on the task of learning and representing dense correspondences in deformable object categories. While this problem has been considered before, solutions so far have been rather ad-hoc for specific object types (i.e., humans), often with significant manual work involved. However, scaling the geometry understanding to all objects in nature requires more automated approaches that can also express correspondences between related, but geometrically different objects. To this end, we propose a new, learnable image-based representation of dense correspondences. Our model predicts, for each pixel in a 2D image, an embedding vector of the corresponding vertex in the object mesh, therefore establishing dense correspondences between image pixels and 3D object geometry. We demonstrate that the proposed approach performs on par or better than the state-of-the-art methods for dense pose estimation for humans, while being conceptually simpler. We also collect a new in-the-wild dataset of dense correspondences for animal classes and demonstrate that our framework scales naturally to the new deformable object categories.      
### 56.SOE-Net: A Self-Attention and Orientation Encoding Network for Point Cloud based Place Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12430.pdf)
>  We tackle the problem of place recognition from point cloud data and introduce a self-attention and orientation encoding network (SOE-Net) that fully explores the relationship between points and incorporates long-range context into point-wise local descriptors. Local information of each point from eight orientations is captured in a PointOE module, whereas long-range feature dependencies among local descriptors are captured with a self-attention unit. Moreover, we propose a novel loss function called Hard Positive Hard Negative quadruplet loss (HPHN quadruplet), that achieves better performance than the commonly used metric learning loss. Experiments on various benchmark datasets demonstrate promising performance of the proposed network. It significantly outperforms the current state-of-the-art approaches - the average recall at top 1 retrieval on the Oxford RobotCar dataset is improved by over 16%. Codes and the trained model will be made publicly available.      
### 57.UFPR-Periocular: A Periocular Dataset Collected by Mobile Devices in Unconstrained Scenarios  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12427.pdf)
>  Recently, ocular biometrics in unconstrained environments using images obtained at visible wavelength have gained the researchers' attention, especially with images captured by mobile devices. Periocular recognition has been demonstrated to be an alternative when the iris trait is not available due to occlusions or low image resolution. However, the periocular trait does not have the high uniqueness presented in the iris trait. Thus, the use of datasets containing many subjects is essential to assess biometric systems' capacity to extract discriminating information from the periocular region. Also, to address the within-class variability caused by lighting and attributes in the periocular region, it is of paramount importance to use datasets with images of the same subject captured in distinct sessions. As the datasets available in the literature do not present all these factors, in this work, we present a new periocular dataset containing samples from 1,122 subjects, acquired in 3 sessions by 196 different mobile devices. The images were captured under unconstrained environments with just a single instruction to the participants: to place their eyes on a region of interest. We also performed an extensive benchmark with several Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architectures and models that have been employed in state-of-the-art approaches based on Multi-class Classification, Multitask Learning, Pairwise Filters Network, and Siamese Network. The results achieved in the closed- and open-world protocol, considering the identification and verification tasks, show that this area still needs research and development.      
### 58.Online Domain Adaptation for Continuous Cross-Subject Liver Viability Evaluation Based on Irregular Thermal Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12408.pdf)
>  Accurate evaluation of liver viability during its procurement is a challenging issue and has traditionally been addressed by taking invasive biopsy on liver. Recently, people have started to investigate on the non-invasive evaluation of liver viability during its procurement using the liver surface thermal images. However, existing works include the background noise in the thermal images and do not consider the cross-subject heterogeneity of livers, thus the viability evaluation accuracy can be affected. In this paper, we propose to use the irregular thermal data of the pure liver region, and the cross-subject liver evaluation information (i.e., the available viability label information in cross-subject livers), for the real-time evaluation of a new liver's viability. To achieve this objective, we extract features of irregular thermal data based on tools from graph signal processing (GSP), and propose an online domain adaptation (DA) and classification framework using the GSP features of cross-subject livers. A multiconvex block coordinate descent based algorithm is designed to jointly learn the domain-invariant features during online DA and learn the classifier. Our proposed framework is applied to the liver procurement data, and classifies the liver viability accurately.      
### 59.A3D: Adaptive 3D Networks for Video Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12384.pdf)
>  This paper presents A3D, an adaptive 3D network that can infer at a wide range of computational constraints with one-time training. Instead of training multiple models in a grid-search manner, it generates good configurations by trading off between network width and spatio-temporal resolution. Furthermore, the computation cost can be adapted after the model is deployed to meet variable constraints, for example, on edge devices. Even under the same computational constraints, the performance of our adaptive networks can be significantly boosted over the baseline counterparts by the mutual training along three dimensions. When a multiple pathway framework, e.g. SlowFast, is adopted, our adaptive method encourages a better trade-off between pathways than manual designs. Extensive experiments on the Kinetics dataset show the effectiveness of the proposed framework. The performance gain is also verified to transfer well between datasets and tasks. Code will be made available.      
### 60.Play Fair: Frame Attributions in Video Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12372.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce an attribution method for explaining action recognition models. Such models fuse information from multiple frames within a video, through score aggregation or relational reasoning. We break down a model's class score into the sum of contributions from each frame, fairly. Our method adapts an axiomatic solution to fair reward distribution in cooperative games, known as the Shapley value, for elements in a variable-length sequence, which we call the Element Shapley Value (ESV). Critically, we propose a tractable approximation of ESV that scales linearly with the number of frames in the sequence. We employ ESV to explain two action recognition models (TRN and TSN) on the fine-grained dataset Something-Something. We offer detailed analysis of supporting/distracting frames, and the relationships of ESVs to the frame's position, class prediction, and sequence length. We compare ESV to naive baselines and two commonly used feature attribution methods: Grad-CAM and Integrated-Gradients.      
### 61.torchdistill: A Modular, Configuration-Driven Framework for Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12913.pdf)
>  While knowledge distillation (transfer) has been attracting attentions from the research community, the recent development in the fields has heightened the need for reproducible studies and highly generalized frameworks to lower barriers to such high-quality, reproducible deep learning research. Several researchers voluntarily published frameworks used in their knowledge distillation studies to help other interested researchers reproduce their original work. Such frameworks, however, are usually neither well generalized nor maintained, thus researchers are still required to write a lot of code to refactor/build on the frameworks for introducing new methods, models, datasets and designing experiments. In this paper, we present our developed open-source framework built on PyTorch and dedicated for knowledge distillation studies. The framework is designed to enable users to design experiments by a declarative PyYAML configuration file, and helps researchers complete the recently proposed ML Code Completeness Checklist. Using the developed framework, we demonstrate its various efficient training strategies, and implement a variety of knowledge distillation methods. We also reproduce some of their original experimental results on the ImageNet and COCO datasets presented at major machine learning conferences such as ICLR, NeurIPS, CVPR and ECCV, including recent state-of-the-art methods. All the source code, configurations, log files and the trained model weights are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yoshitomo-matsubara/torchdistill" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 62.StyleUV: Diverse and High-fidelity UV Map Generative Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12893.pdf)
>  Reconstructing 3D human faces in the wild with the 3D Morphable Model (3DMM) has become popular in recent years. While most prior work focuses on estimating more robust and accurate geometry, relatively little attention has been paid to improving the quality of the texture model. Meanwhile, with the advent of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), there has been great progress in reconstructing realistic 2D images. Recent work demonstrates that GANs trained with abundant high-quality UV maps can produce high-fidelity textures superior to those produced by existing methods. However, acquiring such high-quality UV maps is difficult because they are expensive to acquire, requiring laborious processes to refine. In this work, we present a novel UV map generative model that learns to generate diverse and realistic synthetic UV maps without requiring high-quality UV maps for training. Our proposed framework can be trained solely with in-the-wild images (i.e., UV maps are not required) by leveraging a combination of GANs and a differentiable renderer. Both quantitative and qualitative evaluations demonstrate that our proposed texture model produces more diverse and higher fidelity textures compared to existing methods.      
### 63.Contrastive Representation Learning for Whole Brain Cytoarchitectonic Mapping in Histological Human Brain Sections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12865.pdf)
>  Cytoarchitectonic maps provide microstructural reference parcellations of the brain, describing its organization in terms of the spatial arrangement of neuronal cell bodies as measured from histological tissue sections. Recent work provided the first automatic segmentations of cytoarchitectonic areas in the visual system using Convolutional Neural Networks. We aim to extend this approach to become applicable to a wider range of brain areas, envisioning a solution for mapping the complete human brain. Inspired by recent success in image classification, we propose a contrastive learning objective for encoding microscopic image patches into robust microstructural features, which are efficient for cytoarchitectonic area classification. We show that a model pre-trained using this learning task outperforms a model trained from scratch, as well as a model pre-trained on a recently proposed auxiliary task. We perform cluster analysis in the feature space to show that the learned representations form anatomically meaningful groups.      
### 64.Anytime Prediction as a Model of Human Reaction Time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12859.pdf)
>  Neural networks today often recognize objects as well as people do, and thus might serve as models of the human recognition process. However, most such networks provide their answer after a fixed computational effort, whereas human reaction time varies, e.g. from 0.2 to 10 s, depending on the properties of stimulus and task. To model the effect of difficulty on human reaction time, we considered a classification network that uses early-exit classifiers to make anytime predictions. Comparing human and MSDNet accuracy in classifying CIFAR-10 images in added Gaussian noise, we find that the network equivalent input noise SD is 15 times higher than human, and that human efficiency is only 0.6\% that of the network. When appropriate amounts of noise are present to bring the two observers (human and network) into the same accuracy range, they show very similar dependence on duration or FLOPS, i.e. very similar speed-accuracy tradeoff. We conclude that Anytime classification (i.e. early exits) is a promising model for human reaction time in recognition tasks.      
### 65.Convolutional Neural Networks for cytoarchitectonic brain mapping at large scale  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12857.pdf)
>  Human brain atlases provide spatial reference systems for data characterizing brain organization at different levels, coming from different brains. Cytoarchitecture is a basic principle of the microstructural organization of the brain, as regional differences in the arrangement and composition of neuronal cells are indicators of changes in connectivity and function. Automated scanning procedures and observer-independent methods are prerequisites to reliably identify cytoarchitectonic areas, and to achieve reproducible models of brain segregation. Time becomes a key factor when moving from the analysis of single regions of interest towards high-throughput scanning of large series of whole-brain sections. Here we present a new workflow for mapping cytoarchitectonic areas in large series of cell-body stained histological sections of human postmortem brains. It is based on a Deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), which is trained on a pair of section images with annotations, with a large number of un-annotated sections in between. The model learns to create all missing annotations in between with high accuracy, and faster than our previous workflow based on observer-independent mapping. The new workflow does not require preceding 3D-reconstruction of sections, and is robust against histological artefacts. It processes large data sets with sizes in the order of multiple Terabytes efficiently. The workflow was integrated into a web interface, to allow access without expertise in deep learning and batch computing. Applying deep neural networks for cytoarchitectonic mapping opens new perspectives to enable high-resolution models of brain areas, introducing CNNs to identify borders of brain areas.      
### 66.Physics-informed neural networks for myocardial perfusion MRI quantification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12844.pdf)
>  Tracer-kinetic models allow for the quantification of kinetic parameters such as blood flow from dynamic contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance (MR) images. Fitting the observed data with multi-compartment exchange models is desirable, as they are physiologically plausible and resolve directly for blood flow and microvascular function. However, the reliability of model fitting is limited by the low signal-to-noise ratio, temporal resolution, and acquisition length. This may result in inaccurate parameter estimates. <br>This study introduces physics-informed neural networks (PINNs) as a means to perform myocardial perfusion MR quantification, which provides a versatile scheme for the inference of kinetic parameters. These neural networks can be trained to fit the observed perfusion MR data while respecting the underlying physical conservation laws described by a multi-compartment exchange model. Here, we provide a framework for the implementation of PINNs in myocardial perfusion MR. <br>The approach is validated both in silico and in vivo. In the in silico study, an overall reduction in mean-squared error with the ground-truth parameters was observed compared to a standard non-linear least squares fitting approach. The in vivo study demonstrates that the method produces parameter values comparable to those previously found in literature, as well as providing parameter maps which match the clinical diagnosis of patients.      
### 67.Privacy Preserving for Medical Image Analysis via Non-Linear Deformation Proxy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12835.pdf)
>  We propose a client-server system which allows for the analysis of multi-centric medical images while preserving patient identity. In our approach, the client protects the patient identity by applying a pseudo-random non-linear deformation to the input image. This results into a proxy image which is sent to the server for processing. The server then returns back the deformed processed image which the client reverts to a canonical form. Our system has three components: 1) a flow-field generator which produces a pseudo-random deformation function, 2) a Siamese discriminator that learns the patient identity from the processed image, 3) a medical image processing network that analyzes the content of the proxy images. The system is trained end-to-end in an adversarial manner. By fooling the discriminator, the flow-field generator learns to produce a bi-directional non-linear deformation which allows to remove and recover the identity of the subject from both the input image and output result. After end-to-end training, the flow-field generator is deployed on the client side and the segmentation network is deployed on the server side. The proposed method is validated on the task of MRI brain segmentation using images from two different datasets. Results show that the segmentation accuracy of our method is similar to a system trained on non-encoded images, while considerably reducing the ability to recover subject identity.      
### 68.SurFree: a fast surrogate-free black-box attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12807.pdf)
>  Machine learning classifiers are critically prone to evasion attacks. Adversarial examples are slightly modified inputs that are then misclassified, while remaining perceptively close to their originals. Last couple of years have witnessed a striking decrease in the amount of queries a black box attack submits to the target classifier, in order to forge adversarials. This particularly concerns the black-box score-based setup, where the attacker has access to top predicted probabilites: the amount of queries went from to millions of to less than a thousand. This paper presents SurFree, a geometrical approach that achieves a similar drastic reduction in the amount of queries in the hardest setup: black box decision-based attacks (only the top-1 label is available). We first highlight that the most recent attacks in that setup, HSJA, QEBA and GeoDA all perform costly gradient surrogate estimations. SurFree proposes to bypass these, by instead focusing on careful trials along diverse directions, guided by precise indications of geometrical properties of the classifier decision boundaries. We motivate this geometric approach before performing a head-to-head comparison with previous attacks with the amount of queries as a first class citizen. We exhibit a faster distortion decay under low query amounts (few hundreds to a thousand), while remaining competitive at higher query budgets.      
### 69.Batch Normalization Embeddings for Deep Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12672.pdf)
>  Domain generalization aims at training machine learning models to perform robustly across different and unseen domains. Several recent methods use multiple datasets to train models to extract domain-invariant features, hoping to generalize to unseen domains. Instead, first we explicitly train domain-dependant representations by using ad-hoc batch normalization layers to collect independent domain's statistics. Then, we propose to use these statistics to map domains in a shared latent space, where membership to a domain can be measured by means of a distance function. At test time, we project samples from an unknown domain into the same space and infer properties of their domain as a linear combination of the known ones. We apply the same mapping strategy at training and test time, learning both a latent representation and a powerful but lightweight ensemble model. We show a significant increase in classification accuracy over current state-of-the-art techniques on popular domain generalization benchmarks: PACS, Office-31 and Office-Caltech.      
### 70.Temporal Autoencoder with U-Net Style Skip-Connections for Frame Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12661.pdf)
>  Finding sustainable and novel solutions to predict city-wide mobility behaviour is an ever-growing problem given increased urban complexity and growing populations. This paper seeks to address this by describing a traffic frame prediction approach that uses Convolutional LSTMs to create a Temporal Autoencoder with U-Net style skip-connections that marry together recurrent and traditional computer vision techniques to capture spatio-temporal dependencies at different scales without losing topological details of a given city. Utilisation of Cyclical Learning Rates is also presented, improving training efficiency by achieving lower loss scores in fewer epochs than standard approaches.      
### 71.Evaluation of quality measures for color quantization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12652.pdf)
>  Visual quality evaluation is one of the challenging basic problems in image processing. It also plays a central role in the shaping, implementation, optimization, and testing of many methods. The existing image quality assessment methods focused on images corrupted by common degradation types while little attention was paid to color quantization. This in spite there is a wide range of applications requiring color quantization assessment being used as a preprocessing step when color-based tasks are more efficiently accomplished on a reduced number of colors. In this paper, we propose and carry-out a quantitative performance evaluation of nine well-known and commonly used full-reference image quality assessment measures. The evaluation is done by using two publicly available and subjectively rated image quality databases for color quantization degradation and by considering suitable combinations or subparts of them. The results indicate the quality measures that have closer performances in terms of their correlation to the subjective human rating and show that the evaluation of the statistical performance of the quality measures for color quantization is significantly impacted by the selected image quality database while maintaining a similar trend on each database. The detected strong similarity both on individual databases and on databases obtained by integration provides the ability to validate the integration process and to consider the quantitative performance evaluation on each database as an indicator for performance on the other databases. The experimental results are useful to address the choice of suitable quality measures for color quantization and to improve their future employment.      
### 72.The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Encoder-Decoder Networks for Retinal Vessel Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12643.pdf)
>  We propose an encoder-decoder framework for the segmentation of blood vessels in retinal images that relies on the extraction of large-scale patches at multiple image-scales during training. Experiments on three fundus image datasets demonstrate that this approach achieves state-of-the-art results and can be implemented using a simple and efficient fully-convolutional network with a parameter count of less than 0.8M. Furthermore, we show that this framework - called VLight - avoids overfitting to specific training images and generalizes well across different datasets, which makes it highly suitable for real-world applications where robustness, accuracy as well as low inference time on high-resolution fundus images is required.      
### 73.Rank-One Network: An Effective Framework for Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12610.pdf)
>  The principal rank-one (RO) components of an image represent the self-similarity of the image, which is an important property for image restoration. However, the RO components of a corrupted image could be decimated by the procedure of image denoising. We suggest that the RO property should be utilized and the decimation should be avoided in image restoration. To achieve this, we propose a new framework comprised of two modules, i.e., the RO decomposition and RO reconstruction. The RO decomposition is developed to decompose a corrupted image into the RO components and residual. This is achieved by successively applying RO projections to the image or its residuals to extract the RO components. The RO projections, based on neural networks, extract the closest RO component of an image. The RO reconstruction is aimed to reconstruct the important information, respectively from the RO components and residual, as well as to restore the image from this reconstructed information. Experimental results on four tasks, i.e., noise-free image super-resolution (SR), realistic image SR, gray-scale image denoising, and color image denoising, show that the method is effective and efficient for image restoration, and it delivers superior performance for realistic image SR and color image denoising.      
### 74.Single-Image Lens Flare Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12485.pdf)
>  Lens flare is a common artifact in photographs occurring when the camera is pointed at a strong light source. It is caused by either multiple reflections within the lens or scattering due to scratches or dust on the lens, and may appear in a wide variety of patterns: halos, streaks, color bleeding, haze, etc. The diversity in its appearance makes flare removal extremely challenging. Existing software methods make strong assumptions about the artifacts' geometry or brightness, and thus only handle a small subset of flares. We take a principled approach to explicitly model the optical causes of flare, which leads to a novel semi-synthetic pipeline for generating flare-corrupted images from both empirical and wave-optics-simulated lens flares. Using the semi-synthetic data generated by this pipeline, we build a neural network to remove lens flare. Experiments show that our model generalizes well to real lens flares captured by different devices, and outperforms start-of-the-art methods by 3dB in PSNR.      
### 75.DeepShadows: Separating Low Surface Brightness Galaxies from Artifacts using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12437.pdf)
>  Searches for low-surface-brightness galaxies (LSBGs) in galaxy surveys are plagued by the presence of a large number of artifacts (e.g., objects blended in the diffuse light from stars and galaxies, Galactic cirrus, star-forming regions in the arms of spiral galaxies, etc.) that have to be rejected through time consuming visual inspection. In future surveys, which are expected to collect hundreds of petabytes of data and detect billions of objects, such an approach will not be feasible. We investigate the use of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for the problem of separating LSBGs from artifacts in survey images. We take advantage of the fact that, for the first time, we have available a large number of labeled LSBGs and artifacts from the Dark Energy Survey, that we use to train, validate, and test a CNN model. That model, which we call DeepShadows, achieves a test accuracy of $92.0 \%$, a significant improvement relative to feature-based machine learning models. We also study the ability to use transfer learning to adapt this model to classify objects from the deeper Hyper-Suprime-Cam survey, and we show that after the model is retrained on a very small sample from the new survey, it can reach an accuracy of $87.6\%$. These results demonstrate that CNNs offer a very promising path in the quest to study the low-surface-brightness universe.      
### 76.Characterisation of CMOS Image Sensor Performance in Low Light Automotive Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12436.pdf)
>  The applications of automotive cameras in Advanced Driver-Assistance Systems (ADAS) are growing rapidly as automotive manufacturers strive to provide 360 degree protection for their customers. Vision systems must capture high quality images in both daytime and night-time scenarios in order to produce the large informational content required for software analysis in applications such as lane departure, pedestrian detection and collision detection. The challenge in producing high quality images in low light scenarios is that the signal to noise ratio is greatly reduced. This can result in noise becoming the dominant factor in a captured image thereby making these safety systems less effective at night. This paper outlines a systematic method for characterisation of state of the art image sensor performance in response to noise, so as to improve the design and performance of automotive cameras in low light scenarios. The experiment outlined in this paper demonstrates how this method can be used to characterise the performance of CMOS image sensors in response to electrical noise on the power supply lines.      
### 77.Fully Automated Mitral Inflow Doppler Analysis Using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12429.pdf)
>  Echocardiography (echo) is an indispensable tool in a cardiologist's diagnostic armamentarium. To date, almost all echocardiographic parameters require time-consuming manual labeling and measurements by an experienced echocardiographer and exhibit significant variability, owing to the noisy and artifact-laden nature of echo images. For example, mitral inflow (MI) Doppler is used to assess left ventricular (LV) diastolic function, which is of paramount clinical importance to distinguish between different cardiac diseases. In the current work we present a fully automated workflow which leverages deep learning to a) label MI Doppler images acquired in an echo study, b) detect the envelope of MI Doppler signal, c) extract early and late filing (E and A wave) flow velocities and E-wave deceleration time from the envelope. We trained a variety of convolutional neural networks (CNN) models on 5544 images of 140 patients for predicting 24 image classes including MI Doppler images and obtained overall accuracy of 0.97 on 1737 images of 40 patients. Automated E and A wave velocity showed excellent correlation (Pearson R 0.99 and 0.98 respectively) and Bland Altman agreement (mean difference 0.06 and 0.05 m/s respectively and SD 0.03 for both) with the operator measurements. Deceleration time also showed good but lower correlation (Pearson R 0.82) and Bland-Altman agreement (mean difference: 34.1ms, SD: 30.9ms). These results demonstrate feasibility of Doppler echocardiography measurement automation and the promise of a fully automated echocardiography measurement package.      
### 78.Stochastic sparse adversarial attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12423.pdf)
>  Adversarial attacks of neural network classifiers (NNC) and the use of random noises in these methods have stimulated a large number of works in recent years. However, despite all the previous investigations, existing approaches that rely on random noises to fool NNC have fallen far short of the-state-of-the-art adversarial methods performances. In this paper, we fill this gap by introducing stochastic sparse adversarial attacks (SSAA), standing as simple, fast and purely noise-based targeted and untargeted attacks of NNC. SSAA offer new examples of sparse (or $L_0$) attacks for which only few methods have been proposed previously. These attacks are devised by exploiting a small-time expansion idea widely used for Markov processes. Experiments on small and large datasets (CIFAR-10 and ImageNet) illustrate several advantages of SSAA in comparison with the-state-of-the-art methods. For instance, in the untargeted case, our method called voting folded Gaussian attack (VFGA) scales efficiently to ImageNet and achieves a significantly lower $L_0$ score than SparseFool (up to $\frac{1}{14}$ lower) while being faster. In the targeted setting, VFGA achives appealing results on ImageNet and is significantly much faster than Carlini-Wagner $L_0$ attack.      
### 79.Distribution Conditional Denoising: A Flexible Discriminative Image Denoiser  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12398.pdf)
>  A flexible discriminative image denoiser is introduced in which multi-task learning methods are applied to a densoising FCN based on U-Net. The activations of the U-Net model are modified by affine transforms that are a learned function of conditioning inputs. The learning procedure for multiple noise types and levels involves applying a distribution of noise parameters during training to the conditioning inputs, with the same noise parameters applied to a noise generating layer at the input (similar to the approach taken in a denoising autoencoder). It is shown that this flexible denoising model achieves state of the art performance on images corrupted with Gaussian and Poisson noise. It has also been shown that this conditional training method can generalise a fixed noise level U-Net denoiser to a variety of noise levels.      
