# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 13 Nov 2020
### 1.Shared Prior Learning of Energy-Based Models for Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06539.pdf)
>  We propose a novel learning-based framework for image reconstruction particularly designed for training without ground truth data, which has three major building blocks: energy-based learning, a patch-based Wasserstein loss functional, and shared prior learning. In energy-based learning, the parameters of an energy functional composed of a learned data fidelity term and a data-driven regularizer are computed in a mean-field optimal control problem. In the absence of ground truth data, we change the loss functional to a patch-based Wasserstein functional, in which local statistics of the output images are compared to uncorrupted reference patches. Finally, in shared prior learning, both aforementioned optimal control problems are optimized simultaneously with shared learned parameters of the regularizer to further enhance unsupervised image reconstruction. We derive several time discretization schemes of the gradient flow and verify their consistency in terms of Mosco convergence. In numerous numerical experiments, we demonstrate that the proposed method generates state-of-the-art results for various image reconstruction applications--even if no ground truth images are available for training.      
### 2.On the Performance of Convolutional Neural Networks under High and Low Frequency Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06496.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have shown very promising performance in recent years for different problems, including object recognition, face recognition, medical image analysis, etc. However, generally the trained CNN models are tested over the test set which is very similar to the trained set. The generalizability and robustness of the CNN models are very important aspects to make it to work for the unseen data. In this letter, we study the performance of CNN models over the high and low frequency information of the images. We observe that the trained CNN fails to generalize over the high and low frequency images. In order to make the CNN robust against high and low frequency images, we propose the stochastic filtering based data augmentation during training. A satisfactory performance improvement has been observed in terms of the high and low frequency generalization and robustness with the proposed stochastic filtering based data augmentation approach. The experimentations are performed using ResNet50 model over the CIFAR-10 dataset and ResNet101 model over Tiny-ImageNet dataset.      
### 3.Content-based Image Retrieval and the Semantic Gap in the Deep Learning Era  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06490.pdf)
>  Content-based image retrieval has seen astonishing progress over the past decade, especially for the task of retrieving images of the same object that is depicted in the query image. This scenario is called instance or object retrieval and requires matching fine-grained visual patterns between images. Semantics, however, do not play a crucial role. This brings rise to the question: Do the recent advances in instance retrieval transfer to more generic image retrieval scenarios? To answer this question, we first provide a brief overview of the most relevant milestones of instance retrieval. We then apply them to a semantic image retrieval task and find that they perform inferior to much less sophisticated and more generic methods in a setting that requires image understanding. Following this, we review existing approaches to closing this so-called semantic gap by integrating prior world knowledge. We conclude that the key problem for the further advancement of semantic image retrieval lies in the lack of a standardized task definition and an appropriate benchmark dataset.      
### 4.StrObe: Streaming Object Detection from LiDAR Packets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06425.pdf)
>  Many modern robotics systems employ LiDAR as their main sensing modality due to its geometrical richness. Rolling shutter LiDARs are particularly common, in which an array of lasers scans the scene from a rotating base. Points are emitted as a stream of packets, each covering a sector of the 360° coverage. Modern perception algorithms wait for the full sweep to be built before processing the data, which introduces an additional latency. For typical 10Hz LiDARs this will be 100ms. As a consequence, by the time an output is produced, it no longer accurately reflects the state of the world. This poses a challenge, as robotics applications require minimal reaction times, such that maneuvers can be quickly planned in the event of a safety-critical situation. In this paper we propose StrObe, a novel approach that minimizes latency by ingesting LiDAR packets and emitting a stream of detections without waiting for the full sweep to be built. StrObe reuses computations from previous packets and iteratively updates a latent spatial representation of the scene, which acts as a memory, as new evidence comes in, resulting in accurate low-latency perception. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on a large scale real-world dataset, showing that StrObe far outperforms the state-of-the-art when latency is taken into account, and matches the performance in the traditional setting.      
### 5.R-TOD: Real-Time Object Detector with Minimized End-to-End Delay for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06372.pdf)
>  For realizing safe autonomous driving, the end-to-end delays of real-time object detection systems should be thoroughly analyzed and minimized. However, despite recent development of neural networks with minimized inference delays, surprisingly little attention has been paid to their end-to-end delays from an object's appearance until its detection is reported. With this motivation, this paper aims to provide more comprehensive understanding of the end-to-end delay, through which precise best- and worst-case delay predictions are formulated, and three optimization methods are implemented: (i) on-demand capture, (ii) zero-slack pipeline, and (iii) contention-free pipeline. Our experimental results show a 76% reduction in the end-to-end delay of Darknet YOLO (You Only Look Once) v3 (from 1070 ms to 261 ms), thereby demonstrating the great potential of exploiting the end-to-end delay analysis for autonomous driving. Furthermore, as we only modify the system architecture and do not change the neural network architecture itself, our approach incurs no penalty on the detection accuracy.      
### 6.Unsupervised MR Motion Artifact Deep Learning using Outlier-Rejecting Bootstrap Aggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06337.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning approaches for MR motion artifact correction have been extensively studied. Although these approaches have shown high performance and reduced computational complexity compared to classical methods, most of them require supervised training using paired artifact-free and artifact-corrupted images, which may prohibit its use in many important clinical applications. For example, transient severe motion (TSM) due to acute transient dyspnea in Gd-EOB-DTPA-enhanced MR is difficult to control and model for paired data generation. To address this issue, here we propose a novel unsupervised deep learning scheme through outlier-rejecting bootstrap subsampling and aggregation. This is inspired by the observation that motions usually cause sparse k-space outliers in the phase encoding direction, so k-space subsampling along the phase encoding direction can remove some outliers and the aggregation step can further improve the results from the reconstruction network. Our method does not require any paired data because the training step only requires artifact-free images. Furthermore, to address the smoothing from potential bias to the artifact-free images, the network is trained in an unsupervised manner using optimal transport driven cycleGAN. We verify that our method can be applied for artifact correction from simulated motion as well as real motion from TSM successfully, outperforming existing state-of-the-art deep learning methods.      
### 7.Improving Model Accuracy for Imbalanced Image Classification Tasks by Adding a Final Batch Normalization Layer: An Empirical Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06319.pdf)
>  Some real-world domains, such as Agriculture and Healthcare, comprise early-stage disease indications whose recording constitutes a rare event, and yet, whose precise detection at that stage is critical. In this type of highly imbalanced classification problems, which encompass complex features, deep learning (DL) is much needed because of its strong detection capabilities. At the same time, DL is observed in practice to favor majority over minority classes and consequently suffer from inaccurate detection of the targeted early-stage indications. To simulate such scenarios, we artificially generate skewness (99% vs. 1%) for certain plant types out of the PlantVillage dataset as a basis for classification of scarce visual cues through transfer learning. By randomly and unevenly picking healthy and unhealthy samples from certain plant types to form a training set, we consider a base experiment as fine-tuning ResNet34 and VGG19 architectures and then testing the model performance on a balanced dataset of healthy and unhealthy images. We empirically observe that the initial F1 test score jumps from 0.29 to 0.95 for the minority class upon adding a final Batch Normalization (BN) layer just before the output layer in VGG19. We demonstrate that utilizing an additional BN layer before the output layer in modern CNN architectures has a considerable impact in terms of minimizing the training time and testing error for minority classes in highly imbalanced data sets. Moreover, when the final BN is employed, minimizing the loss function may not be the best way to assure a high F1 test score for minority classes in such problems. That is, the network might perform better even if it is not confident enough while making a prediction; leading to another discussion about why softmax output is not a good uncertainty measure for DL models.      
### 8.RIFE: Real-Time Intermediate Flow Estimation for Video Frame Interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06294.pdf)
>  We propose a real-time intermediate flow estimation algorithm (RIFE) for video frame interpolation (VFI). Most existing methods first estimate the bi-directional optical flows, and then linearly combine them to approximate intermediate flows, leading to artifacts around motion boundaries. We design an intermediate flow model named IFNet that can directly estimate the intermediate flows from coarse to fine. We then warp the input frames according to the estimated intermediate flows and employ a fusion process to compute final results. Based on our proposed leakage distillation, RIFE can be trained end-to-end and achieve excellent performance. Experiments demonstrate that RIFE is significantly faster than existing flow-based VFI methods and achieves state-of-the-art index on several benchmarks. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hzwer/RIFE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 9.Image Anomaly Detection by Aggregating Deep Pyramidal Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06288.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection consists in identifying, within a dataset, those samples that significantly differ from the majority of the data, representing the normal class. It has many practical applications, e.g. ranging from defective product detection in industrial systems to medical imaging. This paper focuses on image anomaly detection using a deep neural network with multiple pyramid levels to analyze the image features at different scales. We propose a network based on encoding-decoding scheme, using a standard convolutional autoencoders, trained on normal data only in order to build a model of normality. Anomalies can be detected by the inability of the network to reconstruct its input. Experimental results show a good accuracy on MNIST, FMNIST and the recent MVTec Anomaly Detection dataset      
### 10.Learning to Segment Dynamic Objects using SLAM Outliers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06259.pdf)
>  We present a method to automatically learn to segment dynamic objects using SLAM outliers. It requires only one monocular sequence per dynamic object for training and consists in localizing dynamic objects using SLAM outliers, creating their masks, and using these masks to train a semantic segmentation network. We integrate the trained network in ORB-SLAM 2 and LDSO. At runtime we remove features on dynamic objects, making the SLAM unaffected by them. We also propose a new stereo dataset and new metrics to evaluate SLAM robustness. Our dataset includes consensus inversions, i.e., situations where the SLAM uses more features on dynamic objects that on the static background. Consensus inversions are challenging for SLAM as they may cause major SLAM failures. Our approach performs better than the State-of-the-Art on the TUM RGB-D dataset in monocular mode and on our dataset in both monocular and stereo modes.      
### 11.SVAM: Saliency-guided Visual Attention Modeling by Autonomous Underwater Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06252.pdf)
>  This paper presents a holistic approach to saliency-guided visual attention modeling (SVAM) for use by autonomous underwater robots. Our proposed model, named SVAM-Net, integrates deep visual features at various scales and semantics for effective salient object detection (SOD) in natural underwater images. The SVAM-Net architecture is configured in a unique way to jointly accommodate bottom-up and top-down learning within two separate branches of the network while sharing the same encoding layers. We design dedicated spatial attention modules (SAMs) along these learning pathways to exploit the coarse-level and fine-level semantic features for SOD at four stages of abstractions. The bottom-up branch performs a rough yet reasonably accurate saliency estimation at a fast rate, whereas the deeper top-down branch incorporates a residual refinement module (RRM) that provides fine-grained localization of the salient objects. Extensive performance evaluation of SVAM-Net on benchmark datasets clearly demonstrates its effectiveness for underwater SOD. We also validate its generalization performance by several ocean trials' data that include test images of diverse underwater scenes and waterbodies, and also images with unseen natural objects. Moreover, we analyze its computational feasibility for robotic deployments and demonstrate its utility in several important use cases of visual attention modeling.      
### 12.VCE: Variational Convertor-Encoder for One-Shot Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06246.pdf)
>  Variational Convertor-Encoder (VCE) converts an image to various styles; we present this novel architecture for the problem of one-shot generalization and its transfer to new tasks not seen before without additional training. We also improve the performance of variational auto-encoder (VAE) to filter those blurred points using a novel algorithm proposed by us, namely large margin VAE (LMVAE). Two samples with the same property are input to the encoder, and then a convertor is required to processes one of them from the noisy outputs of the encoder; finally, the noise represents a variety of transformation rules and is used to convert new images. The algorithm that combines and improves the condition variational auto-encoder (CVAE) and introspective VAE, we propose this new framework aim to transform graphics instead of generating them; it is used for the one-shot generative process. No sequential inference algorithmic is needed in training. Compared to recent Omniglot datasets, the results show that our model produces more realistic and diverse images.      
### 13.PoseTrackReID: Dataset Description  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06243.pdf)
>  Current datasets for video-based person re-identification (re-ID) do not include structural knowledge in form of human pose annotations for the persons of interest. Nonetheless, pose information is very helpful to disentangle useful feature information from background or occlusion noise. Especially real-world scenarios, such as surveillance, contain a lot of occlusions in human crowds or by obstacles. On the other hand, video-based person re-ID can benefit other tasks such as multi-person pose tracking in terms of robust feature matching. For that reason, we present PoseTrackReID, a large-scale dataset for multi-person pose tracking and video-based person re-ID. With PoseTrackReID, we want to bridge the gap between person re-ID and multi-person pose tracking. Additionally, this dataset provides a good benchmark for current state-of-the-art methods on multi-frame person re-ID.      
### 14.Automated Model Compression by Jointly Applied Pruning and Quantization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06231.pdf)
>  In the traditional deep compression framework, iteratively performing network pruning and quantization can reduce the model size and computation cost to meet the deployment requirements. However, such a step-wise application of pruning and quantization may lead to suboptimal solutions and unnecessary time consumption. In this paper, we tackle this issue by integrating network pruning and quantization as a unified joint compression problem and then use AutoML to automatically solve it. We find the pruning process can be regarded as the channel-wise quantization with 0 bit. Thus, the separate two-step pruning and quantization can be simplified as the one-step quantization with mixed precision. This unification not only simplifies the compression pipeline but also avoids the compression divergence. To implement this idea, we propose the automated model compression by jointly applied pruning and quantization (AJPQ). AJPQ is designed with a hierarchical architecture: the layer controller controls the layer sparsity, and the channel controller decides the bit-width for each kernel. Following the same importance criterion, the layer controller and the channel controller collaboratively decide the compression strategy. With the help of reinforcement learning, our one-step compression is automatically achieved. Compared with the state-of-the-art automated compression methods, our method obtains a better accuracy while reducing the storage considerably. For fixed precision quantization, AJPQ can reduce more than five times model size and two times computation with a slight performance increase for Skynet in remote sensing object detection. When mixed-precision is allowed, AJPQ can reduce five times model size with only 1.06% top-5 accuracy decline for MobileNet in the classification task.      
### 15.DSAM: A Distance Shrinking with Angular Marginalizing Loss for High Performance Vehicle Re-identificatio  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06228.pdf)
>  Vehicle Re-identification (ReID) is an important yet challenging problem in computer vision. Compared to other visual objects like faces and persons, vehicles simultaneously exhibit much larger intraclass viewpoint variations and interclass visual similarities, making most exiting loss functions designed for face recognition and person ReID unsuitable for vehicle ReID. To obtain a high-performance vehicle ReID model, we present a novel Distance Shrinking with Angular Marginalizing (DSAM) loss function to perform hybrid learning in both the Original Feature Space (OFS) and the Feature Angular Space (FAS) using the local verification and the global identification information. Specifically, it shrinks the distance between samples of the same class locally in the Original Feature Space while keeps samples of different classes far away in the Feature Angular Space. The shrinking and marginalizing operations are performed during each iteration of the training process and are suitable for different SoftMax based loss functions. We evaluate the DSAM loss function on three large vehicle ReID datasets with detailed analyses and extensive comparisons with many competing vehicle ReID methods. Experimental results show that our DSAM loss enhances the SoftMax loss by a large margin on the PKU-VD1-Large dataset: 10.41% for mAP, 5.29% for cmc1, and 4.60% for cmc5. Moreover, the mAP is increased by 9.34% on the PKU-VehicleID dataset and 8.73% on the VeRi-776 dataset. Source code will be released to facilitate further studies in this research direction.      
### 16.Adding Knowledge to Unsupervised Algorithms for the Recognition of Intent  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06219.pdf)
>  Computer vision algorithms performance are near or superior to humans in the visual problems including object recognition (especially those of fine-grained categories), segmentation, and 3D object reconstruction from 2D views. Humans are, however, capable of higher-level image analyses. A clear example, involving theory of mind, is our ability to determine whether a perceived behavior or action was performed intentionally or not. In this paper, we derive an algorithm that can infer whether the behavior of an agent in a scene is intentional or unintentional based on its 3D kinematics, using the knowledge of self-propelled motion, Newtonian motion and their relationship. We show how the addition of this basic knowledge leads to a simple, unsupervised algorithm. To test the derived algorithm, we constructed three dedicated datasets from abstract geometric animation to realistic videos of agents performing intentional and non-intentional actions. Experiments on these datasets show that our algorithm can recognize whether an action is intentional or not, even without training data. The performance is comparable to various supervised baselines quantitatively, with sensible intentionality segmentation qualitatively.      
### 17.Unsupervised Multimodal Image Registration with Adaptative Gradient Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06216.pdf)
>  Multimodal image registration (MIR) is a fundamental procedure in many image-guided therapies. Recently, unsupervised learning-based methods have demonstrated promising performance over accuracy and efficiency in deformable image registration. However, the estimated deformation fields of the existing methods fully rely on the to-be-registered image pair. It is difficult for the networks to be aware of the mismatched boundaries, resulting in unsatisfactory organ boundary alignment. In this paper, we propose a novel multimodal registration framework, which leverages the deformation fields estimated from both: (i) the original to-be-registered image pair, (ii) their corresponding gradient intensity maps, and adaptively fuses them with the proposed gated fusion module. With the help of auxiliary gradient-space guidance, the network can concentrate more on the spatial relationship of the organ boundary. Experimental results on two clinically acquired CT-MRI datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach.      
### 18.Unimodal Cyclic Regularization for Training Multimodal Image Registration Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06214.pdf)
>  The loss function of an unsupervised multimodal image registration framework has two terms, i.e., a metric for similarity measure and regularization. In the deep learning era, researchers proposed many approaches to automatically learn the similarity metric, which has been shown effective in improving registration performance. However, for the regularization term, most existing multimodal registration approaches still use a hand-crafted formula to impose artificial properties on the estimated deformation field. In this work, we propose a unimodal cyclic regularization training pipeline, which learns task-specific prior knowledge from simpler unimodal registration, to constrain the deformation field of multimodal registration. In the experiment of abdominal CT-MR registration, the proposed method yields better results over conventional regularization methods, especially for severely deformed local regions.      
### 19.Domain Generalization in Biosignal Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06207.pdf)
>  Objective: When training machine learning models, we often assume that the training data and evaluation data are sampled from the same distribution. However, this assumption is violated when the model is evaluated on another unseen but similar database, even if that database contains the same classes. This problem is caused by domain-shift and can be solved using two approaches: domain adaptation and domain generalization. Simply, domain adaptation methods can access data from unseen domains during training; whereas in domain generalization, the unseen data is not available during training. Hence, domain generalization concerns models that perform well on inaccessible, domain-shifted data. Method: Our proposed domain generalization method represents an unseen domain using a set of known basis domains, afterwhich we classify the unseen domain using classifier fusion. To demonstrate our system, we employ a collection of heart sound databases that contain normal and abnormal sounds (classes). Results: Our proposed classifier fusion method achieves accuracy gains of up to 16% for four completely unseen domains. Conclusion: Recognizing the complexity induced by the inherent temporal nature of biosignal data, the two-stage method proposed in this study is able to effectively simplify the whole process of domain generalization while demonstrating good results on unseen domains and the adopted basis domains. Significance: To our best knowledge, this is the first study that investigates domain generalization for biosignal data. Our proposed learning strategy can be used to effectively learn domain-relevant features while being aware of the class differences in the data.      
### 20.Gaussian RAM: Lightweight Image Classification via Stochastic Retina-Inspired Glimpse and Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06190.pdf)
>  Previous studies on image classification have mainly focused on the performance of the networks, not on real-time operation or model compression. We propose a Gaussian Deep Recurrent visual Attention Model (GDRAM)- a reinforcement learning based lightweight deep neural network for large scale image classification that outperforms the conventional CNN (Convolutional Neural Network) which uses the entire image as input. Highly inspired by the biological visual recognition process, our model mimics the stochastic location of the retina with Gaussian distribution. We evaluate the model on Large cluttered MNIST, Large CIFAR-10 and Large CIFAR-100 datasets which are resized to 128 in both width and height.      
### 21.Universal Embeddings for Spatio-Temporal Tagging of Self-Driving Logs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06165.pdf)
>  In this paper, we tackle the problem of spatio-temporal tagging of self-driving scenes from raw sensor data. Our approach learns a universal embedding for all tags, enabling efficient tagging of many attributes and faster learning of new attributes with limited data. Importantly, the embedding is spatio-temporally aware, allowing the model to naturally output spatio-temporal tag values. Values can then be pooled over arbitrary regions, in order to, for example, compute the pedestrian density in front of the SDV, or determine if a car is blocking another car at a 4-way intersection. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on a new large scale self-driving dataset, SDVScenes, containing 15 attributes relating to vehicle and pedestrian density, the actions of each actor, the speed of each actor, interactions between actors, and the topology of the road map.      
### 22.Deep Sketch-Based Modeling: Tips and Tricks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06133.pdf)
>  Deep image-based modeling received lots of attention in recent years, yet the parallel problem of sketch-based modeling has only been briefly studied, often as a potential application. In this work, for the first time, we identify the main differences between sketch and image inputs: (i) style variance, (ii) imprecise perspective, and (iii) sparsity. We discuss why each of these differences can pose a challenge, and even make a certain class of image-based methods inapplicable. We study alternative solutions to address each of the difference. By doing so, we drive out a few important insights: (i) sparsity commonly results in an incorrect prediction of foreground versus background, (ii) diversity of human styles, if not taken into account, can lead to very poor generalization properties, and finally (iii) unless a dedicated sketching interface is used, one can not expect sketches to match a perspective of a fixed viewpoint. Finally, we compare a set of representative deep single-image modeling solutions and show how their performance can be improved to tackle sketch input by taking into consideration the identified critical differences.      
### 23.Deep learning and hand-crafted features for virus image classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06123.pdf)
>  In this work, we present an ensemble of descriptors for the classification of transmission electron microscopy images of viruses. We propose to combine handcrafted and deep learning approaches for virus image classification. The set of handcrafted is mainly based on Local Binary Pattern variants, for each descriptor a different Support Vector Machine is trained, then the set of classifiers is combined by sum rule. The deep learning approach is a densenet201 pretrained on ImageNet and then tuned in the virus dataset, the net is used as features extractor for feeding another Support Vector Machine, in particular the last average pooling layer is used as feature extractor. Finally, classifiers trained on handcrafted features and classifier trained on deep learning features are combined by sum rule. The proposed fusion strongly boosts the performance obtained by each stand-alone approach, obtaining state of the art performance.      
### 24.Unsupervised Video Representation Learning by Bidirectional Feature Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06037.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a novel method for self-supervised video representation learning via feature prediction. In contrast to the previous methods that focus on future feature prediction, we argue that a supervisory signal arising from unobserved past frames is complementary to one that originates from the future frames. The rationale behind our method is to encourage the network to explore the temporal structure of videos by distinguishing between future and past given present observations. We train our model in a contrastive learning framework, where joint encoding of future and past provides us with a comprehensive set of temporal hard negatives via swapping. We empirically show that utilizing both signals enriches the learned representations for the downstream task of action recognition. It outperforms independent prediction of future and past.      
### 25.Reinforcement Learning with Videos: Combining Offline Observations with Interaction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06507.pdf)
>  Reinforcement learning is a powerful framework for robots to acquire skills from experience, but often requires a substantial amount of online data collection. As a result, it is difficult to collect sufficiently diverse experiences that are needed for robots to generalize broadly. Videos of humans, on the other hand, are a readily available source of broad and interesting experiences. In this paper, we consider the question: can we perform reinforcement learning directly on experience collected by humans? This problem is particularly difficult, as such videos are not annotated with actions and exhibit substantial visual domain shift relative to the robot's embodiment. To address these challenges, we propose a framework for reinforcement learning with videos (RLV). RLV learns a policy and value function using experience collected by humans in combination with data collected by robots. In our experiments, we find that RLV is able to leverage such videos to learn challenging vision-based skills with less than half as many samples as RL methods that learn from scratch.      
### 26.Fit2Form: 3D Generative Model for Robot Gripper Form Design  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06498.pdf)
>  The 3D shape of a robot's end-effector plays a critical role in determining it's functionality and overall performance. Many industrial applications rely on task-specific gripper designs to ensure the system's robustness and accuracy. However, the process of manual hardware design is both costly and time-consuming, and the quality of the resulting design is dependent on the engineer's experience and domain expertise, which can easily be out-dated or inaccurate. The goal of this work is to use machine learning algorithms to automate the design of task-specific gripper fingers. We propose Fit2Form, a 3D generative design framework that generates pairs of finger shapes to maximize design objectives (i.e., grasp success, stability, and robustness) for target grasp objects. We model the design objectives by training a Fitness network to predict their values for pairs of gripper fingers and their corresponding grasp objects. This Fitness network then provides supervision to a 3D Generative network that produces a pair of 3D finger geometries for the target grasp object. Our experiments demonstrate that the proposed 3D generative design framework generates parallel jaw gripper finger shapes that achieve more stable and robust grasps compared to other general-purpose and task-specific gripper design algorithms. Video can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/utKHP3qb1bg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 27.3D-OES: Viewpoint-Invariant Object-Factorized Environment Simulators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06464.pdf)
>  We propose an action-conditioned dynamics model that predicts scene changes caused by object and agent interactions in a viewpoint-invariant 3D neural scene representation space, inferred from RGB-D videos. In this 3D feature space, objects do not interfere with one another and their appearance persists over time and across viewpoints. This permits our model to predict future scenes long in the future by simply "moving" 3D object features based on cumulative object motion predictions. Object motion predictions are computed by a graph neural network that operates over the object features extracted from the 3D neural scene representation. Our model's simulations can be decoded by a neural renderer into2D image views from any desired viewpoint, which aids the interpretability of our latent 3D simulation space. We show our model generalizes well its predictions across varying number and appearances of interacting objects as well as across camera viewpoints, outperforming existing 2D and 3D dynamics models. We further demonstrate sim-to-real transfer of the learnt dynamics by applying our model trained solely in simulation to model-based control for pushing objects to desired locations under clutter on a real robotic setup      
### 28.A deep Q-Learning based Path Planning and Navigation System for Firefighting Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06450.pdf)
>  Live fire creates a dynamic, rapidly changing environment that presents a worthy challenge for deep learning and artificial intelligence methodologies to assist firefighters with scene comprehension in maintaining their situational awareness, tracking and relay of important features necessary for key decisions as they tackle these catastrophic events. We propose a deep Q-learning based agent who is immune to stress induced disorientation and anxiety and thus able to make clear decisions for navigation based on the observed and stored facts in live fire environments. As a proof of concept, we imitate structural fire in a gaming engine called Unreal Engine which enables the interaction of the agent with the environment. The agent is trained with a deep Q-learning algorithm based on a set of rewards and penalties as per its actions on the environment. We exploit experience replay to accelerate the learning process and augment the learning of the agent with human-derived experiences. The agent trained under this deep Q-learning approach outperforms agents trained through alternative path planning systems and demonstrates this methodology as a promising foundation on which to build a path planning navigation assistant capable of safely guiding fire fighters through live fire environments.      
### 29.Same Object, Different Grasps: Data and Semantic Knowledge for Task-Oriented Grasping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06431.pdf)
>  Despite the enormous progress and generalization in robotic grasping in recent years, existing methods have yet to scale and generalize task-oriented grasping to the same extent. This is largely due to the scale of the datasets both in terms of the number of objects and tasks studied. We address these concerns with the TaskGrasp dataset which is more diverse both in terms of objects and tasks, and an order of magnitude larger than previous datasets. The dataset contains 250K task-oriented grasps for 56 tasks and 191 objects along with their RGB-D information. We take advantage of this new breadth and diversity in the data and present the GCNGrasp framework which uses the semantic knowledge of objects and tasks encoded in a knowledge graph to generalize to new object instances, classes and even new tasks. Our framework shows a significant improvement of around 12% on held-out settings compared to baseline methods which do not use semantics. We demonstrate that our dataset and model are applicable for the real world by executing task-oriented grasps on a real robot on unknown objects. Code, data and supplementary video could be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/taskgrasp" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 30.End-to-end optimized image compression for machines, a study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06409.pdf)
>  An increasing share of image and video content is analyzed by machines rather than viewed by humans, and therefore it becomes relevant to optimize codecs for such applications where the analysis is performed remotely. Unfortunately, conventional coding tools are challenging to specialize for machine tasks as they were originally designed for human perception. However, neural network based codecs can be jointly trained end-to-end with any convolutional neural network (CNN)-based task model. In this paper, we propose to study an end-to-end framework enabling efficient image compression for remote machine task analysis, using a chain composed of a compression module and a task algorithm that can be optimized end-to-end. We show that it is possible to significantly improve the task accuracy when fine-tuning jointly the codec and the task networks, especially at low bit-rates. Depending on training or deployment constraints, selective fine-tuning can be applied only on the encoder, decoder or task network and still achieve rate-accuracy improvements over an off-the-shelf codec and task network. Our results also demonstrate the flexibility of end-to-end pipelines for practical applications.      
### 31.A Review of Uncertainty Quantification in Deep Learning: Techniques, Applications and Challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06225.pdf)
>  Uncertainty quantification (UQ) plays a pivotal role in reduction of uncertainties during both optimization and decision making processes. It can be applied to solve a variety of real-world applications in science and engineering. Bayesian approximation and ensemble learning techniques are two most widely-used UQ methods in the literature. In this regard, researchers have proposed different UQ methods and examined their performance in a variety of applications such as computer vision (e.g., self-driving cars and object detection), image processing (e.g., image restoration), medical image analysis (e.g., medical image classification and segmentation), natural language processing (e.g., text classification, social media texts and recidivism risk-scoring), bioinformatics, etc.This study reviews recent advances in UQ methods used in deep learning. Moreover, we also investigate the application of these methods in reinforcement learning (RL). Then, we outline a few important applications of UQ methods. Finally, we briefly highlight the fundamental research challenges faced by UQ methods and discuss the future research directions in this field.      
### 32.Decomposing Normal and Abnormal Features of Medical Images for Content-based Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06224.pdf)
>  Medical images can be decomposed into normal and abnormal features, which is considered as the compositionality. Based on this idea, we propose an encoder-decoder network to decompose a medical image into two discrete latent codes: a normal anatomy code and an abnormal anatomy code. Using these latent codes, we demonstrate a similarity retrieval by focusing on either normal or abnormal features of medical images.      
### 33.A Transfer Learning Framework for Anomaly Detection Using Model of Normality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06210.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) techniques have proven to be very useful in image-based anomaly detection applications. CNN can be used as deep features extractor where other anomaly detection techniques are applied on these features. For this scenario, using transfer learning is common since pretrained models provide deep feature representations that are useful for anomaly detection tasks. Consequentially, anomaly can be detected by applying similarly measure between extracted features and a defined model of normality. A key factor in such approaches is the decision threshold used for detecting anomaly. While most of the proposed methods focus on the approach itself, slight attention has been paid to address decision threshold settings. In this paper, we tackle this problem and propose a welldefined method to set the working-point decision threshold that improves detection accuracy. We introduce a transfer learning framework for anomaly detection based on similarity measure with a Model of Normality (MoN) and show that with the proposed threshold settings, a significant performance improvement can be achieved. Moreover, the framework has low complexity with relaxed computational requirements.      
### 34.Bi-tuning of Pre-trained Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06182.pdf)
>  It is common within the deep learning community to first pre-train a deep neural network from a large-scale dataset and then fine-tune the pre-trained model to a specific downstream task. Recently, both supervised and unsupervised pre-training approaches to learning representations have achieved remarkable advances, which exploit the discriminative knowledge of labels and the intrinsic structure of data, respectively. It follows natural intuition that both discriminative knowledge and intrinsic structure of the downstream task can be useful for fine-tuning, however, existing fine-tuning methods mainly leverage the former and discard the latter. A question arises: How to fully explore the intrinsic structure of data for boosting fine-tuning? In this paper, we propose Bi-tuning, a general learning framework to fine-tuning both supervised and unsupervised pre-trained representations to downstream tasks. Bi-tuning generalizes the vanilla fine-tuning by integrating two heads upon the backbone of pre-trained representations: a classifier head with an improved contrastive cross-entropy loss to better leverage the label information in an instance-contrast way, and a projector head with a newly-designed categorical contrastive learning loss to fully exploit the intrinsic structure of data in a category-consistent way. Comprehensive experiments confirm that Bi-tuning achieves state-of-the-art results for fine-tuning tasks of both supervised and unsupervised pre-trained models by large margins (e.g. 10.7\% absolute rise in accuracy on CUB in low-data regime).      
### 35.CheXphotogenic: Generalization of Deep Learning Models for Chest X-ray Interpretation to Photos of Chest X-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06129.pdf)
>  The use of smartphones to take photographs of chest x-rays represents an appealing solution for scaled deployment of deep learning models for chest x-ray interpretation. However, the performance of chest x-ray algorithms on photos of chest x-rays has not been thoroughly investigated. In this study, we measured the diagnostic performance for 8 different chest x-ray models when applied to photos of chest x-rays. All models were developed by different groups and submitted to the CheXpert challenge, and re-applied to smartphone photos of x-rays in the CheXphoto dataset without further tuning. We found that several models had a drop in performance when applied to photos of chest x-rays, but even with this drop, some models still performed comparably to radiologists. Further investigation could be directed towards understanding how different model training procedures may affect model generalization to photos of chest x-rays.      
### 36.Continuous Perception for Classifying Shapes and Weights of Garmentsfor Robotic Vision Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06089.pdf)
>  We present an approach to continuous perception for robotic laundry tasks. Our assumption is that the visual prediction of a garment's shapes and weights is possible via a neural network that learns the dynamic changes of garments from video sequences. Continuous perception is leveraged during training by inputting consecutive frames, of which the network learns how a garment deforms. To evaluate our hypothesis, we captured a dataset of 40K RGB and 40K depth video sequences while a garment is being manipulated. We also conducted ablation studies to understand whether the neural network learns the physical and dynamic properties of garments. Our findings suggest that a modified AlexNet-LSTM architecture has the best classification performance for the garment's shape and weights. To further provide evidence that continuous perception facilitates the prediction of the garment's shapes and weights, we evaluated our network on unseen video sequences and computed the 'Moving Average' over a sequence of predictions. We found that our network has a classification accuracy of 48% and 60% for shapes and weights of garments, respectively.      
### 37.FastPathology: An open-source platform for deep learning-based research and decision support in digital pathology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06033.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are the current state-of-the-art for digital analysis of histopathological images. The large size of whole-slide microscopy images (WSIs) requires advanced memory handling to read, display and process these images. There are several open-source platforms for working with WSIs, but few support deployment of CNN models. These applications use third-party solutions for inference, making them less user-friendly and unsuitable for high-performance image analysis. To make deployment of CNNs user-friendly and feasible on low-end machines, we have developed a new platform, FastPathology, using the FAST framework and C++. It minimizes memory usage for reading and processing WSIs, deployment of CNN models, and real-time interactive visualization of results. Runtime experiments were conducted on four different use cases, using different architectures, inference engines, hardware configurations and operating systems. Memory usage for reading, visualizing, zooming and panning a WSI were measured, using FastPathology and three existing platforms. FastPathology performed similarly in terms of memory to the other C++ based application, while using considerably less than the two Java-based platforms. The choice of neural network model, inference engine, hardware and processors influenced runtime considerably. Thus, FastPathology includes all steps needed for efficient visualization and processing of WSIs in a single application, including inference of CNNs with real-time display of the results. Source code, binary releases and test data can be found online on GitHub at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SINTEFMedtek/FAST-Pathology/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
