# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 11 Jun 2020
### 1.MultiResolution Attention Extractor for Small Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05941.pdf)
>  Small objects are difficult to detect because of their low resolution and small size. The existing small object detection methods mainly focus on data preprocessing or narrowing the differences between large and small objects. Inspired by human vision "attention" mechanism, we exploit two feature extraction methods to mine the most useful information of small objects. Both methods are based on multiresolution feature extraction. We initially design and explore the soft attention method, but we find that its convergence speed is slow. Then we present the second method, an attention-based feature interaction method, called a MultiResolution Attention Extractor (MRAE), showing significant improvement as a generic feature extractor in small object detection. After each building block in the vanilla feature extractor, we append a small network to generate attention weights followed by a weighted-sum operation to get the final attention maps. Our attention-based feature extractor is 2.0 times the AP of the "hard" attention counterpart (plain architecture) on the COCO small object detection benchmark, proving that MRAE can capture useful location and contextual information through adaptive learning.      
### 2.Simple and effective localized attribute representations for zero-shot learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05938.pdf)
>  Zero-shot learning (ZSL) aims to discriminate images from unseen classes by exploiting relations to seen classes via their semantic descriptions. Some recent papers have shown the importance of localized features together with fine-tuning the feature extractor to obtain discriminative and transferable features. However, these methods require complex attention or part detection modules to perform explicit localization in the visual space. In contrast, in this paper we propose localizing representations in the semantic/attribute space, with a simple but effective pipeline where localization is implicit. Focusing on attribute representations, we show that our method obtains state-of-the-art performance on CUB and SUN datasets, and also achieves competitive results on AWA2 dataset, outperforming generally more complex methods with explicit localization in the visual space. Our method can be implemented easily, which can be used as a new baseline for zero shot learning.      
### 3.Dataset Condensation with Gradient Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05929.pdf)
>  Efficient training of deep neural networks is an increasingly important problem in the era of sophisticated architectures and large-scale datasets. This paper proposes a training set synthesis technique, called Dataset Condensation, that learns to produce a small set of informative samples for training deep neural networks from scratch in a small fraction of the required computational cost on the original data while achieving comparable results. We rigorously evaluate its performance in several computer vision benchmarks and show that it significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. Finally we show promising applications of our method in continual learning and domain adaptation.      
### 4.Recent Advances in 3D Object and Hand Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05927.pdf)
>  3D object and hand pose estimation have huge potentials for Augmented Reality, to enable tangible interfaces, natural interfaces, and blurring the boundaries between the real and virtual worlds. In this chapter, we present the recent developments for 3D object and hand pose estimation using cameras, and discuss their abilities and limitations and the possible future development of the field.      
### 5.Separable Four Points Fundamental Matrix  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05926.pdf)
>  We present an approach for the computation of the fundamental matrix based on epipolar homography decomposition. We analyze the geometrical meaning of the decomposition-based representation and show that it guarantees a minimal number of RANSAC samples, on the condition that four correspondences are on an image line. Experiments on real-world image pairs show that our approach successfully recovers such four correspondences, provides accurate results and requires a very small number of RANSAC iterations.      
### 6.Deep Learning with Attention Mechanism for Predicting Driver Intention at Intersection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05918.pdf)
>  In this paper, a driver's intention prediction near a road intersection is proposed. Our approach uses a deep bidirectional Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) with an attention mechanism model based on a hybrid-state system (HSS) framework. As intersection is considered to be as one of the major source of road accidents, predicting a driver's intention at an intersection is very crucial. Our method uses a sequence to sequence modeling with an attention mechanism to effectively exploit temporal information out of the time-series vehicular data including velocity and yaw-rate. The model then predicts ahead of time whether the target vehicle/driver will go straight, stop, or take right or left turn. The performance of the proposed approach is evaluated on a naturalistic driving dataset and results show that our method achieves high accuracy as well as outperforms other methods. The proposed solution is promising to be applied in advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and as part of active safety system of autonomous vehicles.      
### 7.DisCont: Self-Supervised Visual Attribute Disentanglement using Context Vectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05895.pdf)
>  Disentangling the underlying feature attributes within an image with no prior supervision is a challenging task. Models that can disentangle attributes well provide greater interpretability and control. In this paper, we propose a self-supervised framework DisCont to disentangle multiple attributes by exploiting the structural inductive biases within images. Motivated by the recent surge in contrastive learning paradigms, our model bridges the gap between self-supervised contrastive learning algorithms and unsupervised disentanglement. We evaluate the efficacy of our approach, both qualitatively and quantitatively, on four benchmark datasets.      
### 8.Speech Fusion to Face: Bridging the Gap Between Human's Vocal Characteristics and Facial Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05888.pdf)
>  While deep learning technologies are now capable of generating realistic images confusing humans, the research efforts are turning to the synthesis of images for more concrete and application-specific purposes. Facial image generation based on vocal characteristics from speech is one of such important yet challenging tasks. It is the key enabler to influential use cases of image generation, especially for business in public security and entertainment. Existing solutions to the problem of speech2face renders limited image quality and fails to preserve facial similarity due to the lack of quality dataset for training and appropriate integration of vocal features. In this paper, we investigate these key technical challenges and propose Speech Fusion to Face, or SF2F in short, attempting to address the issue of facial image quality and the poor connection between vocal feature domain and modern image generation models. By adopting new strategies on data model and training, we demonstrate dramatic performance boost over state-of-the-art solution, by doubling the recall of individual identity, and lifting the quality score from 15 to 19 based on the mutual information score with VGGFace classifier.      
### 9.WasteNet: Waste Classification at the Edge for Smart Bins  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05873.pdf)
>  Smart Bins have become popular in smart cities and campuses around the world. These bins have a compaction mechanism that increases the bins' capacity as well as automated real-time collection notifications. In this paper, we propose WasteNet, a waste classification model based on convolutional neural networks that can be deployed on a low power device at the edge of the network, such as a Jetson Nano. The problem of segregating waste is a big challenge for many countries around the world. Automated waste classification at the edge allows for fast intelligent decisions in smart bins without needing access to the cloud. Waste is classified into six categories: paper, cardboard, glass, metal, plastic and other. Our model achieves a 97\% prediction accuracy on the test dataset. This level of classification accuracy will help to alleviate some common smart bin problems, such as recycling contamination, where different types of waste become mixed with recycling waste causing the bin to be contaminated. It also makes the bins more user friendly as citizens do not have to worry about disposing their rubbish in the correct bin as the smart bin will be able to make the decision for them.      
### 10.Geometry-Aware Segmentation of Remote Sensing Images via implicit height estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05848.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks have made significant breakthroughs in the field of remote sensing and greatly advanced the performance of the semantic segmentation of remote sensing images. Recent studies have shown the benefits of using additional elevation data (e.g., DSM) for enhancing the performance of the semantic segmentation of aerial images. However, previous methods mostly adopt 3D elevation information as additional inputs. While in many real-world applications, one does not have the corresponding DSM information at hand and the spatial resolution of acquired DSM images usually do not match the aerial images. To alleviate this data constraint and also take the advantage of 3D elevation information, in this paper, we propose a geometry-aware segmentation model that achieves accurate semantic segmentation of aerial images via implicit height estimation. Instead of using a single-stream encoder-decoder network for semantic labeling, we design a separate decoder branch to predict the height map and use the DSM images as side supervision to train this newly designed decoder branch. With the newly designed decoder branch, our model can distill the 3D geometric features from 2D appearance features under the supervision of ground truth DSM images. Moreover, we develop a new geometry-aware convolution module that fuses the 3D geometric features from the height decoder branch and the 2D contextual features from the semantic segmentation branch. The fused feature embeddings can produce geometry-aware segmentation maps with enhanced performance. Experiments on ISPRS Vaihingen and Potsdam datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method for the semantic segmentation of aerial images. Our proposed model achieves remarkable performance on both datasets without using any hand-crafted features or post-processing.      
### 11.Searching Learning Strategy with Reinforcement Learning for 3D Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05847.pdf)
>  Deep neural network (DNN) based approaches have been widely investigated and deployed in medical image analysis. For example, fully convolutional neural networks (FCN) achieve the state-of-the-art performance in several applications of 2D/3D medical image segmentation. Even the baseline neural network models (U-Net, V-Net, etc.) have been proven to be very effective and efficient when the training process is set up properly. Nevertheless, to fully exploit the potentials of neural networks, we propose an automated searching approach for the optimal training strategy with reinforcement learning. The proposed approach can be utilized for tuning hyper-parameters, and selecting necessary data augmentation with certain probabilities. The proposed approach is validated on several tasks of 3D medical image segmentation. The performance of the baseline model is boosted after searching, and it can achieve comparable accuracy to other manually-tuned state-of-the-art segmentation approaches.      
### 12.Embedding Task Knowledge into 3D Neural Networks via Self-supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05798.pdf)
>  Deep learning highly relies on the amount of annotated data. However, annotating medical images is extremely laborious and expensive. To this end, self-supervised learning (SSL), as a potential solution for deficient annotated data, attracts increasing attentions from the community. However, SSL approaches often design a proxy task that is not necessarily related to target task. In this paper, we propose a novel SSL approach for 3D medical image classification, namely Task-related Contrastive Prediction Coding (TCPC), which embeds task knowledge into training 3D neural networks. The proposed TCPC first locates the initial candidate lesions via supervoxel estimation using simple linear iterative clustering. Then, we extract features from the sub-volume cropped around potential lesion areas, and construct a calibrated contrastive predictive coding scheme for self-supervised learning. Extensive experiments are conducted on public and private datasets. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of embedding lesion-related prior-knowledge into neural networks for 3D medical image classification.      
### 13.Image Enhancement and Object Recognition for Night Vision Surveillance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05787.pdf)
>  Object recognition is a critical part of any surveillance system. It is the matter of utmost concern to identify intruders and foreign objects in the area where surveillance is done. The performance of surveillance system using the traditional camera in daylight is vastly superior as compared to night. The main problem for surveillance during the night is the objects captured by traditional cameras have low contrast against the background because of the absence of ambient light in the visible spectrum. Due to that reason, the image is taken in low light condition using an Infrared Camera and the image is enhanced to obtain an image with higher contrast using different enhancing algorithms based on the spatial domain. The enhanced image is then sent to the classification process. The classification is done by using convolutional neural network followed by a fully connected layer of neurons. The accuracy of classification after implementing different enhancement algorithms is compared in this paper.      
### 14.3D Human Mesh Regression with Dense Correspondence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05734.pdf)
>  Estimating 3D mesh of the human body from a single 2D image is an important task with many applications such as augmented reality and Human-Robot interaction. However, prior works reconstructed 3D mesh from global image feature extracted by using convolutional neural network (CNN), where the dense correspondences between the mesh surface and the image pixels are missing, leading to suboptimal solution. This paper proposes a model-free 3D human mesh estimation framework, named DecoMR, which explicitly establishes the dense correspondence between the mesh and the local image features in the UV space (i.e. a 2D space used for texture mapping of 3D mesh). DecoMR first predicts pixel-to-surface dense correspondence map (i.e., IUV image), with which we transfer local features from the image space to the UV space. Then the transferred local image features are processed in the UV space to regress a location map, which is well aligned with transferred features. Finally we reconstruct 3D human mesh from the regressed location map with a predefined mapping function. We also observe that the existing discontinuous UV map are unfriendly to the learning of network. Therefore, we propose a novel UV map that maintains most of the neighboring relations on the original mesh surface. Experiments demonstrate that our proposed local feature alignment and continuous UV map outperforms existing 3D mesh based methods on multiple public benchmarks. Code will be made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zengwang430521/DecoMR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 15.Object Detection in the DCT Domain: is Luminance the Solution?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05732.pdf)
>  Object detection in images has reached unprecedented performances. The state-of-the-art methods rely on deep architectures that extract salient features and predict bounding boxes enclosing the objects of interest. These methods essentially run on RGB images. However, the RGB images are often compressed by the acquisition devices for storage purpose and transfer efficiency. Hence, their decompression is required for object detectors. To gain in efficiency, this paper proposes to take advantage of the compressed representation of images to carry out object detection usable in constrained resources conditions. <br>Specifically, we focus on JPEG images and propose a thorough analysis of detection architectures newly designed in regard of the peculiarities of the JPEG norm. This leads to a $\times 1.7$ speed up in comparison with a standard RGB-based architecture, while only reducing the detection performance by 5.5%. Additionally, our empirical findings demonstrate that only part of the compressed JPEG information, namely the luminance component, may be required to match detection accuracy of the full input methods.      
### 16.Diagnosing Rarity in Human-Object Interaction Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05728.pdf)
>  Human-object interaction (HOI) detection is a core task in computer vision. The goal is to localize all human-object pairs and recognize their interactions. An interaction defined by a &lt;verb, noun&gt; tuple leads to a long-tailed visual recognition challenge since many combinations are rarely represented. The performance of the proposed models is limited especially for the tail categories, but little has been done to understand the reason. To that end, in this paper, we propose to diagnose rarity in HOI detection. We propose a three-step strategy, namely Detection, Identification and Recognition where we carefully analyse the limiting factors by studying state-of-the-art models. Our findings indicate that detection and identification steps are altered by the interaction signals like occlusion and relative location, as a result limiting the recognition accuracy.      
### 17.Estimating semantic structure for the VQA answer space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05726.pdf)
>  Since its appearance, Visual Question Answering (VQA, i.e. answering a question posed over an image), has always been treated as a classification problem over a set of predefined answers. Despite its convenience, this classification approach poorly reflects the semantics of the problem limiting the answering to a choice between independent proposals, without taking into account the similarity between them (e.g. equally penalizing for answering cat or German shepherd instead of dog). We address this issue by proposing (1) two measures of proximity between VQA classes, and (2) a corresponding loss which takes into account the estimated proximity. This significantly improves the generalization of VQA models by reducing their language bias. In particular, we show that our approach is completely model-agnostic since it allows consistent improvements with three different VQA models. Finally, by combining our method with a language bias reduction approach, we report SOTA-level performance on the challenging VQAv2-CP dataset.      
### 18.Real-time single image depth perception in the wild with handheld devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05724.pdf)
>  Depth perception is paramount to tackle real-world problems, ranging from autonomous driving to consumer applications. For the latter, depth estimation from a single image represents the most versatile solution, since a standard camera is available on almost any handheld device. Nonetheless, two main issues limit its practical deployment: i) the low reliability when deployed in-the-wild and ii) the demanding resource requirements to achieve real-time performance, often not compatible with such devices. Therefore, in this paper, we deeply investigate these issues showing how they are both addressable adopting appropriate network design and training strategies -- also outlining how to map the resulting networks on handheld devices to achieve real-time performance. Our thorough evaluation highlights the ability of such fast networks to generalize well to new environments, a crucial feature required to tackle the extremely varied contexts faced in real applications. Indeed, to further support this evidence, we report experimental results concerning real-time depth-aware augmented reality and image blurring with smartphones in-the-wild.      
### 19.Unique Faces Recognition in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05713.pdf)
>  This paper tackles face recognition in videos employing metric learning methods and similarity ranking models. The paper compares the use of the Siamese network with contrastive loss and Triplet Network with triplet loss implementing the following architectures: Google/Inception architecture, 3D Convolutional Network (C3D), and a 2-D Long short-term memory (LSTM) Recurrent Neural Network. We make use of still images and sequences from videos for training the networks and compare the performances implementing the above architectures. The dataset used was the YouTube Face Database designed for investigating the problem of face recognition in videos. The contribution of this paper is two-fold: to begin, the experiments have established 3-D Convolutional networks and 2-D LSTMs with the contrastive loss on image sequences do not outperform Google/Inception architecture with contrastive loss in top $n$ rank face retrievals with still images. However, the 3-D Convolution networks and 2-D LSTM with triplet Loss outperform the Google/Inception with triplet loss in top $n$ rank face retrievals on the dataset; second, a Support Vector Machine (SVM) was used in conjunction with the CNNs' learned feature representations for facial identification. The results show that feature representation learned with triplet loss is significantly better for n-shot facial identification compared to contrastive loss. The most useful feature representations for facial identification are from the 2-D LSTM with triplet loss. The experiments show that learning spatio-temporal features from video sequences is beneficial for facial recognition in videos.      
### 20.Delta Descriptors: Change-Based Place Representation for Robust Visual Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05700.pdf)
>  Visual place recognition is challenging because there are so many factors that can cause the appearance of a place to change, from day-night cycles to seasonal change to atmospheric conditions. In recent years a large range of approaches have been developed to address this challenge including deep-learnt image descriptors, domain translation, and sequential filtering, all with shortcomings including generality and velocity-sensitivity. In this paper we propose a novel descriptor derived from tracking changes in any learned global descriptor over time, dubbed Delta Descriptors. Delta Descriptors mitigate the offsets induced in the original descriptor matching space in an unsupervised manner by considering temporal differences across places observed along a route. Like all other approaches, Delta Descriptors have a shortcoming - volatility on a frame to frame basis - which can be overcome by combining them with sequential filtering methods. Using two benchmark datasets, we first demonstrate the high performance of Delta Descriptors in isolation, before showing new state-of-the-art performance when combined with sequence-based matching. We also present results demonstrating the approach working with a second different underlying descriptor type, and two other beneficial properties of Delta Descriptors in comparison to existing techniques: their increased inherent robustness to variations in camera motion and a reduced rate of performance degradation as dimensional reduction is applied. Source code will be released upon publication.      
### 21.Rendering Natural Camera Bokeh Effect with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05698.pdf)
>  Bokeh is an important artistic effect used to highlight the main object of interest on the photo by blurring all out-of-focus areas. While DSLR and system camera lenses can render this effect naturally, mobile cameras are unable to produce shallow depth-of-field photos due to a very small aperture diameter of their optics. Unlike the current solutions simulating bokeh by applying Gaussian blur to image background, in this paper we propose to learn a realistic shallow focus technique directly from the photos produced by DSLR cameras. For this, we present a large-scale bokeh dataset consisting of 5K shallow / wide depth-of-field image pairs captured using the Canon 7D DSLR with 50mm f/1.8 lenses. We use these images to train a deep learning model to reproduce a natural bokeh effect based on a single narrow-aperture image. The experimental results show that the proposed approach is able to render a plausible non-uniform bokeh even in case of complex input data with multiple objects. The dataset, pre-trained models and codes used in this paper are available on the project website.      
### 22.TubeTK: Adopting Tubes to Track Multi-Object in a One-Step Training Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05683.pdf)
>  Multi-object tracking is a fundamental vision problem that has been studied for a long time. As deep learning brings excellent performances to object detection algorithms, Tracking by Detection (TBD) has become the mainstream tracking framework. Despite the success of TBD, this two-step method is too complicated to train in an end-to-end manner and induces many challenges as well, such as insufficient exploration of video spatial-temporal information, vulnerability when facing object occlusion, and excessive reliance on detection results. To address these challenges, we propose a concise end-to-end model TubeTK which only needs one step training by introducing the ``bounding-tube" to indicate temporal-spatial locations of objects in a short video clip. TubeTK provides a novel direction of multi-object tracking, and we demonstrate its potential to solve the above challenges without bells and whistles. We analyze the performance of TubeTK on several MOT benchmarks and provide empirical evidence to show that TubeTK has the ability to overcome occlusions to some extent without any ancillary technologies like Re-ID. Compared with other methods that adopt private detection results, our one-stage end-to-end model achieves state-of-the-art performances even if it adopts no ready-made detection results. We hope that the proposed TubeTK model can serve as a simple but strong alternative for video-based MOT task. The code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BoPang1996/TubeTK" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.H3DNet: 3D Object Detection Using Hybrid Geometric Primitives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05682.pdf)
>  We introduce H3DNet, which takes a colorless 3D point cloud as input and outputs a collection of oriented object bounding boxes (or BB) and their semantic labels. The critical idea of H3DNet is to predict a hybrid set of geometric primitives, i.e., BB centers, BB face centers, and BB edge centers. We show how to convert the predicted geometric primitives into object proposals by defining a distance function between an object and the geometric primitives. This distance function enables continuous optimization of object proposals, and its local minimums provide high-fidelity object proposals. H3DNet then utilizes a matching and refinement module to classify object proposals into detected objects and fine-tune the geometric parameters of the detected objects. The hybrid set of geometric primitives not only provides more accurate signals for object detection than using a single type of geometric primitives, but it also provides an overcomplete set of constraints on the resulting 3D layout. Therefore, H3DNet can tolerate outliers in predicted geometric primitives. Our model achieves state-of-the-art 3D detection results on two large datasets with real 3D scans, ScanNet and SUN RGB-D.      
### 24.IMUTube: Automatic extraction of virtual on-body accelerometry from video for human activity recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05675.pdf)
>  The lack of large-scale, labeled data sets impedes progress in developing robust and generalized predictive models for on-body sensor-based human activity recognition (HAR). Labeled data in human activity recognition is scarce and hard to come by, as sensor data collection is expensive, and the annotation is time-consuming and error-prone. To address this problem, we introduce IMUTube, an automated processing pipeline that integrates existing computer vision and signal processing techniques to convert videos of human activity into virtual streams of IMU data. These virtual IMU streams represent accelerometry at a wide variety of locations on the human body. We show how the virtually-generated IMU data improves the performance of a variety of models on known HAR datasets. Our initial results are very promising, but the greater promise of this work lies in a collective approach by the computer vision, signal processing, and activity recognition communities to extend this work in ways that we outline. This should lead to on-body, sensor-based HAR becoming yet another success story in large-dataset breakthroughs in recognition.      
### 25.3D geometric moment invariants from the point of view of the classical invariant theory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05674.pdf)
>  The aim of this paper is to clear up the problem of the connection between the 3D geometric moments invariants and the invariant theory, considering a problem of describing of the 3D geometric moments invariants as a problem of the classical invariant theory. Using the remarkable fact that the groups $SO(3)$ and $SL(2)$ are locally isomorphic, we reduced the problem of deriving 3D geometric moments invariants to the well-known problem of the classical invariant theory. We give a precise statement of the 3D geometric invariant moments computation, introducing the notions of the algebras of simultaneous 3D geometric moment invariants, and prove that they are isomorphic to the algebras of joint $SL(2)$-invariants of several binary forms. To simplify the calculating of the invariants we proceed from an action of Lie group $SO(3)$ to an action of its Lie algebra $\mathfrak{sl}_2$. The author hopes that the results will be useful to the researchers in the fields of image analysis and pattern recognition.      
### 26.Agrupamento de Pixels para o Reconhecimento de Faces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05652.pdf)
>  This research starts with the observation that face recognition can suffer a low impact from significant image shrinkage. To explain this fact, we proposed the Pixel Clustering methodology. It defines regions in the image in which its pixels are very similar to each other. We extract features from each region. We used three face databases in the experiments. We noticed that 512 is the maximum number of features needed for high accuracy image recognition. The proposed method is also robust, even if only it uses a few classes from the training set.      
### 27.Scalable Backdoor Detection in Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05646.pdf)
>  Recently, it has been shown that deep learning models are vulnerable to Trojan attacks, where an attacker can install a backdoor during training time to make the resultant model misidentify samples contaminated with a small trigger patch. Current backdoor detection methods fail to achieve good detection performance and are computationally expensive. In this paper, we propose a novel trigger reverse-engineering based approach whose computational complexity does not scale with the number of labels, and is based on a measure that is both interpretable and universal across different network and patch types. In experiments, we observe that our method achieves a perfect score in separating Trojaned models from pure models, which is an improvement over the current state-of-the art method.      
### 28.A survey on deep hashing for image retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05627.pdf)
>  Hashing has been widely used in approximate nearest search for large-scale database retrieval for its computation and storage efficiency. Deep hashing, which devises convolutional neural network architecture to exploit and extract the semantic information or feature of images, has received increasing attention recently. In this survey, several deep supervised hashing methods for image retrieval are evaluated and I conclude three main different directions for deep supervised hashing methods. Several comments are made at the end. Moreover, to break through the bottleneck of the existing hashing methods, I propose a Shadow Recurrent Hashing(SRH) method as a try. Specifically, I devise a CNN architecture to extract the semantic features of images and design a loss function to encourage similar images projected close. To this end, I propose a concept: shadow of the CNN output. During optimization process, the CNN output and its shadow are guiding each other so as to achieve the optimal solution as much as possible. Several experiments on dataset CIFAR-10 show the satisfying performance of SRH.      
### 29.Deep Learning for Change Detection in Remote Sensing Images: Comprehensive Review and Meta-Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05612.pdf)
>  Deep learning (DL) algorithms are considered as a methodology of choice for remote-sensing image analysis over the past few years. Due to its effective applications, deep learning has also been introduced for automatic change detection and achieved great success. The present study attempts to provide a comprehensive review and a meta-analysis of the recent progress in this subfield. Specifically, we first introduce the fundamentals of deep learning methods which arefrequently adopted for change detection. Secondly, we present the details of the meta-analysis conducted to examine the status of change detection DL studies. Then, we focus on deep learning-based change detection methodologies for remote sensing images by giving a general overview of the existing methods. Specifically, these deep learning-based methods were classified into three groups; fully supervised learning-based methods, fully unsupervised learning-based methods and transfer learning-based techniques. As a result of these investigations, promising new directions were identified for future research. This study will contribute in several ways to our understanding of deep learning for change detection and will provide a basis for further research.      
### 30.Condensing Two-stage Detection with Automatic Object Key Part Discovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05597.pdf)
>  Modern two-stage object detectors generally require excessively large models for their detection heads to achieve high accuracy. To address this problem, we propose that the model parameters of two-stage detection heads can be condensed and reduced by concentrating on object key parts. To this end, we first introduce an automatic object key part discovery task to make neural networks discover representative sub-parts in each foreground object. With these discovered key parts, we then decompose the object appearance modeling into a key part modeling process and a global modeling process for detection. Key part modeling encodes fine and detailed features from the discovered key parts, and global modeling encodes rough and holistic object characteristics. In practice, such decomposition allows us to significantly abridge model parameters without sacrificing much detection accuracy. Experiments on popular datasets illustrate that our proposed technique consistently maintains original performance while waiving around 50% of the model parameters of common two-stage detection heads, with the performance only deteriorating by 1.5% when waiving around 96% of the original model parameters. Codes will be shortly released to the public through GitHub.      
### 31.CNN-Based Semantic Change Detection in Satellite Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05589.pdf)
>  Timely disaster risk management requires accurate road maps and prompt damage assessment. Currently, this is done by volunteers manually marking satellite imagery of affected areas but this process is slow and often error-prone. Segmentation algorithms can be applied to satellite images to detect road networks. However, existing methods are unsuitable for disaster-struck areas as they make assumptions about the road network topology which may no longer be valid in these scenarios. Herein, we propose a CNN-based framework for identifying accessible roads in post-disaster imagery by detecting changes from pre-disaster imagery. Graph theory is combined with the CNN output for detecting semantic changes in road networks with OpenStreetMap data. Our results are validated with data of a tsunami-affected region in Palu, Indonesia acquired from DigitalGlobe.      
### 32.Syn2Real Transfer Learning for Image Deraining using Gaussian Processes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05580.pdf)
>  Recent CNN-based methods for image deraining have achieved excellent performance in terms of reconstruction error as well as visual quality. However, these methods are limited in the sense that they can be trained only on fully labeled data. Due to various challenges in obtaining real world fully-labeled image deraining datasets, existing methods are trained only on synthetically generated data and hence, generalize poorly to real-world images. The use of real-world data in training image deraining networks is relatively less explored in the literature. We propose a Gaussian Process-based semi-supervised learning framework which enables the network in learning to derain using synthetic dataset while generalizing better using unlabeled real-world images. Through extensive experiments and ablations on several challenging datasets (such as Rain800, Rain200H and DDN-SIRR), we show that the proposed method, when trained on limited labeled data, achieves on-par performance with fully-labeled training. Additionally, we demonstrate that using unlabeled real-world images in the proposed GP-based framework results in superior performance as compared to existing methods. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rajeevyasarla/Syn2Real" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 33.A gaze driven fast-forward method for first-person videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05569.pdf)
>  The growing data sharing and life-logging cultures are driving an unprecedented increase in the amount of unedited First-Person Videos. In this paper, we address the problem of accessing relevant information in First-Person Videos by creating an accelerated version of the input video and emphasizing the important moments to the recorder. Our method is based on an attention model driven by gaze and visual scene analysis that provides a semantic score of each frame of the input video. We performed several experimental evaluations on publicly available First-Person Videos datasets. The results show that our methodology can fast-forward videos emphasizing moments when the recorder visually interact with scene components while not including monotonous clips.      
### 34.Tree Annotations in LiDAR Data Using Point Densities and Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05560.pdf)
>  LiDAR provides highly accurate 3D point clouds. However, data needs to be manually labelled in order to provide subsequent useful information. Manual annotation of such data is time consuming, tedious and error prone, and hence in this paper we present three automatic methods for annotating trees in LiDAR data. The first method requires high density point clouds and uses certain LiDAR data attributes for the purpose of tree identification, achieving almost 90% accuracy. The second method uses a voxel-based 3D Convolutional Neural Network on low density LiDAR datasets and is able to identify most large trees accurately but struggles with smaller ones due to the voxelisation process. The third method is a scaled version of the PointNet++ method and works directly on outdoor point clouds and achieves an F_score of 82.1% on the ISPRS benchmark dataset, comparable to the state-of-the-art methods but with increased efficiency.      
### 35.3D Point Cloud Feature Explanations Using Gradient-Based Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05548.pdf)
>  Explainability is an important factor to drive user trust in the use of neural networks for tasks with material impact. However, most of the work done in this area focuses on image analysis and does not take into account 3D data. We extend the saliency methods that have been shown to work on image data to deal with 3D data. We analyse the features in point clouds and voxel spaces and show that edges and corners in 3D data are deemed as important features while planar surfaces are deemed less important. The approach is model-agnostic and can provide useful information about learnt features. Driven by the insight that 3D data is inherently sparse, we visualise the features learnt by a voxel-based classification network and show that these features are also sparse and can be pruned relatively easily, leading to more efficient neural networks. Our results show that the Voxception-ResNet model can be pruned down to 5\% of its parameters with negligible loss in accuracy.      
### 36.Dual-stream Maximum Self-attention Multi-instance Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05538.pdf)
>  Multi-instance learning (MIL) is a form of weakly supervised learning where a single class label is assigned to a bag of instances while the instance-level labels are not available. Training classifiers to accurately determine the bag label and instance labels is a challenging but critical task in many practical scenarios, such as computational histopathology. Recently, MIL models fully parameterized by neural networks have become popular due to the high flexibility and superior performance. Most of these models rely on attention mechanisms that assign attention scores across the instance embeddings in a bag and produce the bag embedding using an aggregation operator. In this paper, we proposed a dual-stream maximum self-attention MIL model (DSMIL) parameterized by neural networks. The first stream deploys a simple MIL max-pooling while the top-activated instance embedding is determined and used to obtain self-attention scores across instance embeddings in the second stream. Different from most of the previous methods, the proposed model jointly learns an instance classifier and a bag classifier based on the same instance embeddings. The experiments results show that our method achieves superior performance compared to the best MIL methods and demonstrates state-of-the-art performance on benchmark MIL datasets.      
### 37.MVLidarNet: Real-Time Multi-Class Scene Understanding for Autonomous Driving Using Multiple Views  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05518.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving requires the inference of actionable information such as detecting and classifying objects, and determining the drivable space. To this end, we present a two-stage deep neural network (MVLidarNet) for multi-class object detection and drivable segmentation using multiple views of a single LiDAR point cloud. The first stage processes the point cloud projected onto a perspective view in order to semantically segment the scene. The second stage then processes the point cloud (along with semantic labels from the first stage) projected onto a bird's eye view, to detect and classify objects. Both stages are simple encoder-decoders. We show that our multi-view, multi-stage, multi-class approach is able to detect and classify objects while simultaneously determining the drivable space using a single LiDAR scan as input, in challenging scenes with more than one hundred vehicles and pedestrians at a time. The system operates efficiently at 150 fps on an embedded GPU designed for a self-driving car, including a postprocessing step to maintain identities over time. We show results on both KITTI and a much larger internal dataset, thus demonstrating the method's ability to scale by an order of magnitude.      
### 38.Off-the-shelf sensor vs. experimental radar -- How much resolution is necessary in automotive radar classification?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05485.pdf)
>  Radar-based road user detection is an important topic in the context of autonomous driving applications. The resolution of conventional automotive radar sensors results in a sparse data representation which is tough to refine during subsequent signal processing. On the other hand, a new sensor generation is waiting in the wings for its application in this challenging field. In this article, two sensors of different radar generations are evaluated against each other. The evaluation criterion is the performance on moving road user object detection and classification tasks. To this end, two data sets originating from an off-the-shelf radar and a high resolution next generation radar are compared. Special attention is given on how the two data sets are assembled in order to make them comparable. The utilized object detector consists of a clustering algorithm, a feature extraction module, and a recurrent neural network ensemble for classification. For the assessment, all components are evaluated both individually and, for the first time, as a whole. This allows for indicating where overall performance improvements have their origin in the pipeline. Furthermore, the generalization capabilities of both data sets are evaluated and important comparison metrics for automotive radar object detection are discussed. Results show clear benefits of the next generation radar. Interestingly, those benefits do not actually occur due to better performance at the classification stage, but rather because of the vast improvements at the clustering stage.      
### 39.Standardised convolutional filtering for radiomics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05470.pdf)
>  The Image Biomarker Standardisation Initiative (IBSI) aims to improve reproducibility of radiomics studies by standardising the computational process of extracting image biomarkers (features) from images. We have previously established reference values for 169 commonly used features, created a standard radiomics image processing scheme, and developed reporting guidelines for radiomic studies. However, several aspects are not standardised. <br>Here we present a preliminary version of a reference manual on the use of convolutional image filters in radiomics. Filters, such as wavelets or Laplacian of Gaussian filters, play an important part in emphasising specific image characteristics such as edges and blobs. Features derived from filter response maps have been found to be poorly reproducible. This reference manual forms the basis of ongoing work on standardising convolutional filters in radiomics, and will be updated as this work progresses.      
### 40.Dialog Policy Learning for Joint Clarification and Active Learning Queries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05456.pdf)
>  Intelligent systems need to be able to recover from mistakes, resolve uncertainty, and adapt to novel concepts not seen during training. Dialog interaction can enable this by the use of clarifications for correction and resolving uncertainty, and active learning queries to learn new concepts encountered during operation. Prior work on dialog systems has either focused on exclusively learning how to perform clarification/ information seeking, or to perform active learning. In this work, we train a hierarchical dialog policy to jointly perform {\it both} clarification and active learning in the context of an interactive language-based image retrieval task motivated by an on-line shopping application, and demonstrate that jointly learning dialog policies for clarification and active learning is more effective than the use of static dialog policies for one or both of these functions.      
### 41.D-VPnet: A Network for Real-time Dominant Vanishing Point Detection in Natural Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05407.pdf)
>  As an important part of linear perspective, vanishing points (VPs) provide useful clues for mapping objects from 2D photos to 3D space. Existing methods are mainly focused on extracting structural features such as lines or contours and then clustering these features to detect VPs. However, these techniques suffer from ambiguous information due to the large number of line segments and contours detected in outdoor environments. In this paper, we present a new convolutional neural network (CNN) to detect dominant VPs in natural scenes, i.e., the Dominant Vanishing Point detection Network (D-VPnet). The key component of our method is the feature line-segment proposal unit (FLPU), which can be directly utilized to predict the location of the dominant VP. Moreover, the model also uses the two main parallel lines as an assistant to determine the position of the dominant VP. The proposed method was tested using a public dataset and a Parallel Line based Vanishing Point (PLVP) dataset. The experimental results suggest that the detection accuracy of our approach outperforms those of state-of-the-art methods under various conditions in real-time, achieving rates of 115fps.      
### 42.SAL++: Sign Agnostic Learning with Derivatives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05400.pdf)
>  Learning 3D geometry directly from raw data, such as point clouds, triangle soups, or un-oriented meshes is still a challenging task that feeds many downstream computer vision and graphics applications. In this paper, we introduce SAL++: a method for learning implicit neural representations of shapes directly from such raw data. We build upon the recent sign agnostic learning (SAL) approach and generalize it to include derivative data in a sign agnostic manner. In more detail, given the unsigned distance function to the input raw data, we suggest a novel sign agnostic regression loss, incorporating both pointwise values and gradients of the unsigned distance function. Optimizing this loss leads to a signed implicit function solution, the zero level set of which is a high quality, valid manifold approximation to the input 3D data. We demonstrate the efficacy of SAL++ shape space learning from two challenging datasets: ShapeNet that contains inconsistent orientation and non-manifold meshes, and D-Faust that contains raw 3D scans (triangle soups). On both these datasets, we present state-of-the-art results.      
### 43.Open-Narrow-Synechiae Anterior Chamber Angle Classification in AS-OCT Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05367.pdf)
>  Anterior chamber angle (ACA) classification is a key step in the diagnosis of angle-closure glaucoma in Anterior Segment Optical Coherence Tomography (AS-OCT). Existing automated analysis methods focus on a binary classification system (i.e., open angle or angle-closure) in a 2D AS-OCT slice. However, clinical diagnosis requires a more discriminating ACA three-class system (i.e., open, narrow, or synechiae angles) for the benefit of clinicians who seek better to understand the progression of the spectrum of angle-closure glaucoma types. To address this, we propose a novel sequence multi-scale aggregation deep network (SMA-Net) for open-narrow-synechiae ACA classification based on an AS-OCT sequence. In our method, a Multi-Scale Discriminative Aggregation (MSDA) block is utilized to learn the multi-scale representations at slice level, while a ConvLSTM is introduced to study the temporal dynamics of these representations at sequence level. Finally, a multi-level loss function is used to combine the slice-based and sequence-based losses. The proposed method is evaluated across two AS-OCT datasets. The experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms existing state-of-the-art methods in applicability, effectiveness, and accuracy. We believe this work to be the first attempt to classify ACAs into open, narrow, or synechia types grading using AS-OCT sequences.      
### 44.A Hybrid Framework for Matching Printing Design Files to Product Photos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05355.pdf)
>  We propose a real-time image matching framework, which is hybrid in the sense that it uses both hand-crafted features and deep features obtained from a well-tuned deep convolutional network. The matching problem, which we concentrate on, is specific to a certain application, that is, printing design to product photo matching. Printing designs are any kind of template image files, created using a design tool, thus are perfect image signals. However, photographs of a printed product suffer many unwanted effects, such as uncontrolled shooting angle, uncontrolled illumination, occlusions, printing deficiencies in color, camera noise, optic blur, et cetera. For this purpose, we create an image set that includes printing design and corresponding product photo pairs with collaboration of an actual printing facility. Using this image set, we benchmark various hand-crafted and deep features for matching performance and propose a framework in which deep learning is utilized with highest contribution, but without disabling real-time operation using an ordinary desktop computer.      
### 45.MeshWalker: Deep Mesh Understanding by Random Walks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05353.pdf)
>  Most attempts to represent 3D shapes for deep learning have focused on volumetric grids, multi-view images and point clouds. In this paper we look at the most popular representation of 3D shapes in computer graphics - a triangular mesh - and ask how it can be utilized within deep learning. The few attempts to answer this question propose to adapt convolutions &amp; pooling to suit Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). This paper proposes a very different approach, termed MeshWalker, to learn the shape directly from a given mesh. The key idea is to represent the mesh by random walks along the surface, which "explore" the mesh's geometry and topology. Each walk is organized as a list of vertices, which in some manner imposes regularity on the mesh. The walk is fed into a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) that "remembers" the history of the walk. We show that our approach achieves state-of-the-art results for two fundamental shape analysis tasks: shape classification and semantic segmentation. Furthermore, even a very small number of examples suffices for learning. This is highly important, since large datasets of meshes are difficult to acquire.      
### 46.Towards Good Practices for Data Augmentation in GAN Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05338.pdf)
>  Recent successes in Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) have affirmed the importance of using more data in GAN training. Yet it is expensive to collect data in many domains such as medical applications. Data Augmentation (DA) has been applied in these applications. In this work, we first argue that the classical DA approach could mislead the generator to learn the distribution of the augmented data, which could be different from that of the original data. We then propose a principled framework, termed Data Augmentation Optimized for GAN (DAG), to enable the use of augmented data in GAN training to improve the learning of the original distribution. We provide theoretical analysis to show that using our proposed DAG aligns with the original GAN in minimizing the JS divergence w.r.t. the original distribution and it leverages the augmented data to improve the learnings of discriminator and generator. The experiments show that DAG improves various GAN models. Furthermore, when DAG is used in some GAN models, the system establishes state-of-the-art Frchet Inception Distance (FID) scores.      
### 47.mEBAL: A Multimodal Database for Eye Blink Detection and Attention Level Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05327.pdf)
>  This work presents mEBAL, a multimodal database for eye blink detection and attention level estimation. The eye blink frequency is related to the cognitive activity and automatic detectors of eye blinks have been proposed for many tasks including attention level estimation, analysis of neuro-degenerative diseases, deception recognition, drive fatigue detection, or face anti-spoofing. However, most existing databases and algorithms in this area are limited to experiments involving only a few hundred samples and individual sensors like face cameras. The proposed mEBAL improves previous databases in terms of acquisition sensors and samples. In particular, three different sensors are simultaneously considered: Near Infrared (NIR) and RGB cameras to capture the face gestures and an Electroencephalography (EEG) band to capture the cognitive activity of the user and blinking events. Regarding the size of mEBAL, it comprises 6,000 samples and the corresponding attention level from 38 different students while conducting a number of e-learning tasks of varying difficulty. In addition to presenting mEBAL, we also include preliminary experiments on: i) eye blink detection using Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) with the facial images, and ii) attention level estimation of the students based on their eye blink frequency.      
### 48.ComboNet: Combined 2D &amp; 3D Architecture for Aorta Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05325.pdf)
>  3D segmentation with deep learning if trained with full resolution is the ideal way of achieving the best accuracy. Unlike in 2D, 3D segmentation generally does not have sparse outliers, prevents leakage to surrounding soft tissues, at the very least it is generally more consistent than 2D segmentation. However, GPU memory is generally the bottleneck for such an application. Thus, most of the 3D segmentation applications handle sub-sampled input instead of full resolution, which comes with the cost of losing precision at the boundary. In order to maintain precision at the boundary and prevent sparse outliers and leakage, we designed ComboNet. ComboNet is designed in an end to end fashion with three sub-network structures. The first two are parallel: 2D UNet with full resolution and 3D UNet with four times sub-sampled input. The last stage is the concatenation of 2D and 3D outputs along with a full-resolution input image which is followed by two convolution layers either with 2D or 3D convolutions. With ComboNet we have achieved $92.1\%$ dice accuracy for aorta segmentation. With Combonet, we have observed up to $2.3\%$ improvement of dice accuracy as opposed to 2D UNet with the full-resolution input image.      
### 49.Rethinking Localization Map: Towards Accurate Object Perception with Self-Enhancement Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05220.pdf)
>  Recently, remarkable progress has been made in weakly supervised object localization (WSOL) to promote object localization maps. The common practice of evaluating these maps applies an indirect and coarse way, i.e., obtaining tight bounding boxes which can cover high-activation regions and calculating intersection-over-union (IoU) scores between the predicted and ground-truth boxes. This measurement can evaluate the ability of localization maps to some extent, but we argue that the maps should be measured directly and delicately, i.e., comparing the maps with the ground-truth object masks pixel-wisely. To fulfill the direct evaluation, we annotate pixel-level object masks on the ILSVRC validation set. We propose to use IoU-Threshold curves for evaluating the real quality of localization maps. Beyond the amended evaluation metric and annotated object masks, this work also introduces a novel self-enhancement method to harvest accurate object localization maps and object boundaries with only category labels as supervision. We propose a two-stage approach to generate the localization maps by simply comparing the similarity of point-wise features between the high-activation and the rest pixels. Based on the predicted localization maps, we explore to estimate object boundaries on a very large dataset. A hard-negative suppression loss is proposed for obtaining fine boundaries. We conduct extensive experiments on the ILSVRC and CUB benchmarks. In particular, the proposed Self-Enhancement Maps achieve the state-of-the-art localization accuracy of 54.88% on ILSVRC. The code and the annotated masks are released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xiaomengyc/SEM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 50.Neural Network Activation Quantization with Bitwise Information Bottlenecks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05210.pdf)
>  Recent researches on information bottleneck shed new light on the continuous attempts to open the black box of neural signal encoding. Inspired by the problem of lossy signal compression for wireless communication, this paper presents a Bitwise Information Bottleneck approach for quantizing and encoding neural network activations. Based on the rate-distortion theory, the Bitwise Information Bottleneck attempts to determine the most significant bits in activation representation by assigning and approximating the sparse coefficient associated with each bit. Given the constraint of a limited average code rate, the information bottleneck minimizes the rate-distortion for optimal activation quantization in a flexible layer-by-layer manner. Experiments over ImageNet and other datasets show that, by minimizing the quantization rate-distortion of each layer, the neural network with information bottlenecks achieves the state-of-the-art accuracy with low-precision activation. Meanwhile, by reducing the code rate, the proposed method can improve the memory and computational efficiency by over six times compared with the deep neural network with standard single-precision representation. Codes will be available on GitHub when the paper is accepted \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BitBottleneck/PublicCode" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 51.Multi-spectral Facial Landmark Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05196.pdf)
>  Thermal face image analysis is favorable for certain circumstances. For example, illumination-sensitive applications, like nighttime surveillance; and privacy-preserving demanded access control. However, the inadequate study on thermal face image analysis calls for attention in responding to the industry requirements. Detecting facial landmark points are important for many face analysis tasks, such as face recognition, 3D face reconstruction, and face expression recognition. In this paper, we propose a robust neural network enabled facial landmark detection, namely Deep Multi-Spectral Learning (DMSL). Briefly, DMSL consists of two sub-models, i.e. face boundary detection, and landmark coordinates detection. Such an architecture demonstrates the capability of detecting the facial landmarks on both visible and thermal images. Particularly, the proposed DMSL model is robust in facial landmark detection where the face is partially occluded, or facing different directions. The experiment conducted on Eurecom's visible and thermal paired database shows the superior performance of DMSL over the state-of-the-art for thermal facial landmark detection. In addition to that, we have annotated a thermal face dataset with their respective facial landmark for the purpose of experimentation.      
### 52.Stereo RGB and Deeper LIDAR Based Network for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05187.pdf)
>  3D object detection has become an emerging task in autonomous driving scenarios. Previous works process 3D point clouds using either projection-based or voxel-based models. However, both approaches contain some drawbacks. The voxel-based methods lack semantic information, while the projection-based methods suffer from numerous spatial information loss when projected to different views. In this paper, we propose the Stereo RGB and Deeper LIDAR (SRDL) framework which can utilize semantic and spatial information simultaneously such that the performance of network for 3D object detection can be improved naturally. Specifically, the network generates candidate boxes from stereo pairs and combines different region-wise features using a deep fusion scheme. The stereo strategy offers more information for prediction compared with prior works. Then, several local and global feature extractors are stacked in the segmentation module to capture richer deep semantic geometric features from point clouds. After aligning the interior points with fused features, the proposed network refines the prediction in a more accurate manner and encodes the whole box in a novel compact method. The decent experimental results on the challenging KITTI detection benchmark demonstrate the effectiveness of utilizing both stereo images and point clouds for 3D object detection.      
### 53.A Note on Deepfake Detection with Low-Resources  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05183.pdf)
>  Deepfakes are videos that include changes, quite often substituting face of a portrayed individual with a different face using neural networks. Even though the technology gained its popularity as a carrier of jokes and parodies it raises a serious threat to ones security - via biometric impersonation or besmearing. In this paper we present two methods that allow detecting Deepfakes for a user without significant computational power. In particular, we enhance MesoNet by replacing the original activation functions allowing a nearly 1% improvement as well as increasing the consistency of the results. Moreover, we introduced and verified a new activation function - Pish that at the cost of slight time overhead allows even higher consistency. <br>Additionally, we present a preliminary results of Deepfake detection method based on Local Feature Descriptors (LFD), that allows setting up the system even faster and without resorting to GPU computation. Our method achieved Equal Error Rate of 0.28, with both accuracy and recall exceeding 0.7.      
### 54.Breaking the Limits of Remote Sensing by Simulation and Deep Learning for Flood and Debris Flow Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05180.pdf)
>  We propose a framework that estimates inundation depth (maximum water level) and debris-flow-induced topographic deformation from remote sensing imagery by integrating deep learning and numerical simulation. A water and debris flow simulator generates training data for various artificial disaster scenarios. We show that regression models based on Attention U-Net and LinkNet architectures trained on such synthetic data can predict the maximum water level and topographic deformation from a remote sensing-derived change detection map and a digital elevation model. The proposed framework has an inpainting capability, thus mitigating the false negatives that are inevitable in remote sensing image analysis. Our framework breaks the limits of remote sensing and enables rapid estimation of inundation depth and topographic deformation, essential information for emergency response, including rescue and relief activities. We conduct experiments with both synthetic and real data for two disaster events that caused simultaneous flooding and debris flows and demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach quantitatively and qualitatively.      
### 55.Reconstruction and Quantification of 3D Iris Surface for Angle-Closure Glaucoma Detection in Anterior Segment OCT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05179.pdf)
>  Precise characterization and analysis of iris shape from Anterior Segment OCT (AS-OCT) are of great importance in facilitating diagnosis of angle-closure-related diseases. Existing methods focus solely on analyzing structural properties identified from the 2D slice, while accurate characterization of morphological changes of iris shape in 3D AS-OCT may be able to reveal in addition the risk of disease progression. In this paper, we propose a novel framework for reconstruction and quantification of 3D iris surface from AS-OCT imagery. We consider it to be the first work to detect angle-closure glaucoma by means of 3D representation. An iris segmentation network with wavelet refinement block (WRB) is first proposed to generate the initial shape of the iris from single AS-OCT slice. The 3D iris surface is then reconstructed using a guided optimization method with Poisson-disk sampling. Finally, a set of surface-based features are extracted, which are used in detecting of angle-closure glaucoma. Experimental results demonstrate that our method is highly effective in iris segmentation and surface reconstruction. Moreover, we show that 3D-based representation achieves better performance in angle-closure glaucoma detection than does 2D-based feature.      
### 56.Physically constrained short-term vehicle trajectory forecasting with naive semantic maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05159.pdf)
>  Urban environments manifest a high level of complexity, and therefore it is of vital importance for safety systems embedded within autonomous vehicles (AVs) to be able to accurately predict the short-term future motion of nearby agents. This problem can be further understood as generating a sequence of future coordinates for a given agent based on its past motion data e.g. position, velocity, acceleration etc, and whilst current approaches demonstrate plausible results they have a propensity to neglect a scene's physical constrains. In this paper we propose the model based on a combination of the CNN and LSTM encoder-decoder architecture that learns to extract a relevant road features from semantic maps as well as general motion of agents and uses this learned representation to predict their short-term future trajectories. We train and validate the model on the publicly available dataset that provides data from urban areas, allowing us to examine it in challenging and uncertain scenarios. We show that our model is not only capable of anticipating future motion whilst taking into consideration road boundaries, but can also effectively and precisely predict trajectories for a longer time horizon than initially trained for.      
### 57.Smooth Proxy-Anchor Loss for Noisy Metric Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05142.pdf)
>  Many industrial applications use Metric Learning as a way to circumvent scalability issues when designing systems with a high number of classes. Because of this, this field of research is attracting a lot of interest from the academic and non-academic communities. Such industrial applications require large-scale datasets, which are usually generated with web data and, as a result, often contain a high number of noisy labels. While Metric Learning systems are sensitive to noisy labels, this is usually not tackled in the literature, that relies on manually annotated datasets. <br>In this work, we propose a Metric Learning method that is able to overcome the presence of noisy labels using our novel Smooth Proxy-Anchor Loss. We also present an architecture that uses the aforementioned loss with a two-phase learning procedure. First, we train a confidence module that computes sample class confidences. Second, these confidences are used to weight the influence of each sample for the training of the embeddings. This results in a system that is able to provide robust sample embeddings. <br>We compare the performance of the described method with current state-of-the-art Metric Learning losses (proxy-based and pair-based), when trained with a dataset containing noisy labels. The results showcase an improvement of 2.63 and 3.29 in Recall@1 with respect to MultiSimilarity and Proxy-Anchor Loss respectively, proving that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art of Metric Learning in noisy labeling conditions.      
### 58.A Survey on Generative Adversarial Networks: Variants, Applications, and Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05132.pdf)
>  The Generative Models have gained considerable attention in the field of unsupervised learning via a new and practical framework called Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) due to its outstanding data generation capability. Many models of GAN have proposed, and several practical applications emerged in various domains of computer vision and machine learning. Despite GAN's excellent success, there are still obstacles to stable training. The problems are due to Nash-equilibrium, internal covariate shift, mode collapse, vanishing gradient, and lack of proper evaluation metrics. Therefore, stable training is a crucial issue in different applications for the success of GAN. Herein, we survey several training solutions proposed by different researchers to stabilize GAN training. We survey, (I) the original GAN model and its modified classical versions, (II) detail analysis of various GAN applications in different domains, (III) detail study about the various GAN training obstacles as well as training solutions. Finally, we discuss several new issues as well as research outlines to the topic.      
### 59.Over-crowdedness Alert! Forecasting the Future Crowd Distribution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05127.pdf)
>  In recent years, vision-based crowd analysis has been studied extensively due to its practical applications in real world. In this paper, we formulate a novel crowd analysis problem, in which we aim to predict the crowd distribution in the near future given sequential frames of a crowd video without any identity annotations. Studying this research problem will benefit applications concerned with forecasting crowd dynamics. To solve this problem, we propose a global-residual two-stream recurrent network, which leverages the consecutive crowd video frames as inputs and their corresponding density maps as auxiliary information to predict the future crowd distribution. Moreover, to strengthen the capability of our network, we synthesize scene-specific crowd density maps using simulated data for pretraining. Finally, we demonstrate that our framework is able to predict the crowd distribution for different crowd scenarios and we delve into applications including predicting future crowd count, forecasting high-density region, etc.      
### 60.Roses Are Red, Violets Are Blue... but Should Vqa Expect Them To?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05121.pdf)
>  To be reliable on rare events is an important requirement for systems based on machine learning. In this work we focus on Visual Question Answering (VQA), where, in spite of recent efforts, datasets remain imbalanced, causing shortcomings of current models: tendencies to overly exploit dataset biases and struggles to generalise to unseen associations of concepts. We focus on a systemic evaluation of model error distributions and address fundamental questions: How is the prediction error distributed? What is the prediction accuracy on infrequent vs. frequent concepts? In this work, we design a new benchmark based on a fine-grained reorganization of the GQA dataset [1], which allows to precisely answer these questions. It introduces distributions shifts in both validation and test splits, which are defined on question groups and are thus tailored to each question. We performed a large-scale study and we experimentally demonstrate that several state-of-the-art VQA models, even those specifically designed for bias reduction, fail to address questions involving infrequent concepts. Furthermore, we show that the high accuracy obtained on the frequent concepts alone is mechanically increasing overall accuracy, covering up the true behavior of current VQA models.      
### 61.GAP++: Learning to generate target-conditioned adversarial examples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05097.pdf)
>  Adversarial examples are perturbed inputs which can cause a serious threat for machine learning models. Finding these perturbations is such a hard task that we can only use the iterative methods to traverse. For computational efficiency, recent works use adversarial generative networks to model the distribution of both the universal or image-dependent perturbations directly. However, these methods generate perturbations only rely on input images. In this work, we propose a more general-purpose framework which infers target-conditioned perturbations dependent on both input image and target label. Different from previous single-target attack models, our model can conduct target-conditioned attacks by learning the relations of attack target and the semantics in image. Using extensive experiments on the datasets of MNIST and CIFAR10, we show that our method achieves superior performance with single target attack models and obtains high fooling rates with small perturbation norms.      
### 62.Towards an Intrinsic Definition of Robustness for a Classifier  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05095.pdf)
>  The robustness of classifiers has become a question of paramount importance in the past few years. Indeed, it has been shown that state-of-the-art deep learning architectures can easily be fooled with imperceptible changes to their inputs. Therefore, finding good measures of robustness of a trained classifier is a key issue in the field. In this paper, we point out that averaging the radius of robustness of samples in a validation set is a statistically weak measure. We propose instead to weight the importance of samples depending on their difficulty. We motivate the proposed score by a theoretical case study using logistic regression, where we show that the proposed score is independent of the choice of the samples it is evaluated upon. We also empirically demonstrate the ability of the proposed score to measure robustness of classifiers with little dependence on the choice of samples in more complex settings, including deep convolutional neural networks and real datasets.      
### 63.PNL: Efficient Long-Range Dependencies Extraction with Pyramid Non-Local Module for Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05091.pdf)
>  Long-range spatiotemporal dependencies capturing plays an essential role in improving video features for action recognition. The non-local block inspired by the non-local means is designed to address this challenge and have shown excellent performance. However, the non-local block brings significant increase in computation cost to the original network. It also lacks the ability to model regional correlation in videos. To address the above limitations, we propose Pyramid Non-Local (PNL) module, which extends the non-local block by incorporating regional correlation at multiple scales through a pyramid structured module. This extension upscales the effectiveness of non-local operation by attending to the interaction between different regions. Empirical results prove the effectiveness and efficiency of our PNL module, which achieves state-of-the-art performance of 83.09% on the Mini-Kinetics dataset, with decreased computation cost compared to the non-local block.      
### 64.SEKD: Self-Evolving Keypoint Detection and Description  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05077.pdf)
>  Researchers have attempted utilizing deep neural network (DNN) to learn novel local features from images inspired by its recent successes on a variety of vision tasks. However, existing DNN-based algorithms have not achieved such remarkable progress that could be partly attributed to insufficient utilization of the interactive characters between local feature detector and descriptor. To alleviate these difficulties, we emphasize two desired properties, i.e., repeatability and reliability, to simultaneously summarize the inherent and interactive characters of local feature detector and descriptor. Guided by these properties, a self-supervised framework, namely self-evolving keypoint detection and description (SEKD), is proposed to learn an advanced local feature model from unlabeled natural images. Additionally, to have performance guarantees, novel training strategies have also been dedicatedly designed to minimize the gap between the learned feature and its properties. We benchmark the proposed method on homography estimation, relative pose estimation, and structure-from-motion tasks. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms popular hand-crafted and DNN-based methods by remarkable margins. Ablation studies also verify the effectiveness of each critical training strategy. We will release our code along with the trained model publicly.      
### 65.Detection of Makeup Presentation Attacks based on Deep Face Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05074.pdf)
>  Facial cosmetics have the ability to substantially alter the facial appearance, which can negatively affect the decisions of a face recognition. In addition, it was recently shown that the application of makeup can be abused to launch so-called makeup presentation attacks. In such attacks, the attacker might apply heavy makeup in order to achieve the facial appearance of a target subject for the purpose of impersonation. In this work, we assess the vulnerability of a COTS face recognition system to makeup presentation attacks employing the publicly available Makeup Induced Face Spoofing (MIFS) database. It is shown that makeup presentation attacks might seriously impact the security of the face recognition system. Further, we propose an attack detection scheme which distinguishes makeup presentation attacks from genuine authentication attempts by analysing differences in deep face representations obtained from potential makeup presentation attacks and corresponding target face images. The proposed detection system employs a machine learning-based classifier, which is trained with synthetically generated makeup presentation attacks utilizing a generative adversarial network for facial makeup transfer in conjunction with image warping. Experimental evaluations conducted using the MIFS database reveal a detection equal error rate of 0.7% for the task of separating genuine authentication attempts from makeup presentation attacks.      
### 66.Learning Shared Filter Bases for Efficient ConvNets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05066.pdf)
>  Modern convolutional neural networks (ConvNets) achieve state-of-the-art performance for many computer vision tasks. However, such high performance requires millions of parameters and high computational costs. Recently, inspired by the iterative structure of modern ConvNets, such as ResNets, parameter sharing among repetitive convolution layers has been proposed to reduce the size of parameters. However, naive sharing of convolution filters poses many challenges such as overfitting and vanishing/exploding gradients. Furthermore, parameter sharing often increases computational complexity due to additional operations. In this paper, we propose to exploit the linear structure of convolution filters for effective and efficient sharing of parameters among iterative convolution layers. Instead of sharing convolution filters themselves, we hypothesize that a filter basis of linearly-decomposed convolution layers are more effective units for sharing parameters since a filter basis is an intrinsic and reusable building block constituting diverse high dimensional convolution filters. The representation power and peculiarity of individual convolution layers are further increased by adding a small number of layer-specific non-shared components to the filter basis. We show empirically that enforcing orthogonality to shared filter bases can mitigate the difficulty in training shared parameters. Experimental results show that our approach achieves significant reductions both in model parameters and computational costs while maintaining competitive, and often better, performance than non-shared baseline networks.      
### 67.Single Image Deraining via Scale-space Invariant Attention Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05049.pdf)
>  Image enhancement from degradation of rainy artifacts plays a critical role in outdoor visual computing systems. In this paper, we tackle the notion of scale that deals with visual changes in appearance of rain steaks with respect to the camera. Specifically, we revisit multi-scale representation by scale-space theory, and propose to represent the multi-scale correlation in convolutional feature domain, which is more compact and robust than that in pixel domain. Moreover, to improve the modeling ability of the network, we do not treat the extracted multi-scale features equally, but design a novel scale-space invariant attention mechanism to help the network focus on parts of the features. In this way, we summarize the most activated presence of feature maps as the salient features. Extensive experiments results on synthetic and real rainy scenes demonstrate the superior performance of our scheme over the state-of-the-arts.      
### 68.Can Synthetic Data Improve Object Detection Results for Remote Sensing Images?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05015.pdf)
>  Deep learning approaches require enough training samples to perform well, but it is a challenge to collect enough real training data and label them manually. In this letter, we propose the use of realistic synthetic data with a wide distribution to improve the performance of remote sensing image aircraft detection. Specifically, to increase the variability of synthetic data, we randomly set the parameters during rendering, such as the size of the instance and the class of background images. In order to make the synthetic images more realistic, we then refine the synthetic images at the pixel level using CycleGAN with real unlabeled images. We also fine-tune the model with a small amount of real data, to obtain a higher accuracy. Experiments on NWPU VHR-10, UCAS-AOD and DIOR datasets demonstrate that the proposed method can be applied for augmenting insufficient real data.      
### 69.RGB-D-E: Event Camera Calibration for Fast 6-DOF Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05011.pdf)
>  Augmented reality devices require multiple sensors to perform various tasks such as localization and tracking. Currently, popular cameras are mostly frame-based (e.g. RGB and Depth) which impose a high data bandwidth and power usage. With the necessity for low power and more responsive augmented reality systems, using solely frame-based sensors imposes limits to the various algorithms that needs high frequency data from the environement. As such, event-based sensors have become increasingly popular due to their low power, bandwidth and latency, as well as their very high frequency data acquisition capabilities. In this paper, we propose, for the first time, to use an event-based camera to increase the speed of 3D object tracking in 6 degrees of freedom. This application requires handling very high object speed to convey compelling AR experiences. To this end, we propose a new system which combines a recent RGB-D sensor (Kinect Azure) with an event camera (DAVIS346). We develop a deep learning approach, which combines an existing RGB-D network along with a novel event-based network in a cascade fashion, and demonstrate that our approach significantly improves the robustness of a state-of-the-art frame-based 6-DOF object tracker using our RGB-D-E pipeline.      
### 70.Rethinking Classification Loss Designs for Person Re-identification with a Unified View  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04991.pdf)
>  Person Re-identification (ReID) aims at matching a person of interest across images. In convolutional neural networks (CNNs) based approaches, loss design plays a role of metric learning which guides the feature learning process to pull closer features of the same identity and to push far apart features of different identities. In recent years, the combination of classification loss and triplet loss achieves superior performance and is predominant in ReID. In this paper, we rethink these loss functions within a generalized formulation and argue that triplet-based optimization can be viewed as a two-class subsampling classification, which performs classification over two sampled categories based on instance similarities. Furthermore, we present a case study which demonstrates that increasing the number of simultaneously considered instance classes significantly improves the ReID performance, since it is aligned better with the ReID test/inference process. With the multi-class subsampling classification incorporated, we provide a strong baseline which achieves the state-of-the-art performance on the benchmark person ReID datasets. Finally, we propose a new meta prototypical N-tuple loss for more efficient multi-class subsampling classification. We aim to inspire more new loss designs in the person ReID field.      
### 71.Pixel-Wise Motion Deblurring of Thermal Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04973.pdf)
>  Uncooled microbolometers can enable robots to see in the absence of visible illumination by imaging the "heat" radiated from the scene. Despite this ability to see in the dark, these sensors suffer from significant motion blur. This has limited their application on robotic systems. As described in this paper, this motion blur arises due to the thermal inertia of each pixel. This has meant that traditional motion deblurring techniques, which rely on identifying an appropriate spatial blur kernel to perform spatial deconvolution, are unable to reliably perform motion deblurring on thermal camera images. To address this problem, this paper formulates reversing the effect of thermal inertia at a single pixel as a Least Absolute Shrinkage and Selection Operator (LASSO) problem which we can solve rapidly using a quadratic programming solver. By leveraging sparsity and a high frame rate, this pixel-wise LASSO formulation is able to recover motion deblurred frames of thermal videos without using any spatial information. To compare its quality against state-of-the-art visible camera based deblurring methods, this paper evaluated the performance of a family of pre-trained object detectors on a set of images restored by different deblurring algorithms. All evaluated object detectors performed systematically better on images restored by the proposed algorithm rather than any other tested, state-of-the-art methods.      
### 72.A Self-supervised Approach for Adversarial Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04924.pdf)
>  Adversarial examples can cause catastrophic mistakes in Deep Neural Network (DNNs) based vision systems e.g., for classification, segmentation and object detection. The vulnerability of DNNs against such attacks can prove a major roadblock towards their real-world deployment. Transferability of adversarial examples demand generalizable defenses that can provide cross-task protection. Adversarial training that enhances robustness by modifying target model's parameters lacks such generalizability. On the other hand, different input processing based defenses fall short in the face of continuously evolving attacks. In this paper, we take the first step to combine the benefits of both approaches and propose a self-supervised adversarial training mechanism in the input space. By design, our defense is a generalizable approach and provides significant robustness against the \textbf{unseen} adversarial attacks (\eg by reducing the success rate of translation-invariant \textbf{ensemble} attack from 82.6\% to 31.9\% in comparison to previous state-of-the-art). It can be deployed as a plug-and-play solution to protect a variety of vision systems, as we demonstrate for the case of classification, segmentation and detection. Code is available at: {\small\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Muzammal-Naseer/NRP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}}.      
### 73.What Matters in Unsupervised Optical Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04902.pdf)
>  We systematically compare and analyze a set of key components in unsupervised optical flow to identify which photometric loss, occlusion handling, and smoothness regularization is most effective. Alongside this investigation we construct a number of novel improvements to unsupervised flow models, such as cost volume normalization, stopping the gradient at the occlusion mask, encouraging smoothness before upsampling the flow field, and continual self-supervision with image resizing. By combining the results of our investigation with our improved model components, we are able to present a new unsupervised flow technique that significantly outperforms the previous unsupervised state-of-the-art and performs on par with supervised FlowNet2 on the KITTI 2015 dataset, while also being significantly simpler than related approaches.      
### 74.Reposing Humans by Warping 3D Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04898.pdf)
>  We address the problem of reposing an image of a human into any desired novel pose. This conditional image-generation task requires reasoning about the 3D structure of the human, including self-occluded body parts. Most prior works are either based on 2D representations or require fitting and manipulating an explicit 3D body mesh. Based on the recent success in deep learning-based volumetric representations, we propose to implicitly learn a dense feature volume from human images, which lends itself to simple and intuitive manipulation through explicit geometric warping. Once the latent feature volume is warped according to the desired pose change, the volume is mapped back to RGB space by a convolutional decoder. Our state-of-the-art results on the DeepFashion and the iPER benchmarks indicate that dense volumetric human representations are worth investigating in more detail.      
### 75.Probabilistic Semantic Mapping for Urban Autonomous Driving Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04894.pdf)
>  Recent advancement in statistical learning and computational ability has enabled autonomous vehicle technology to develop at a much faster rate and become widely adopted. While many of the architectures previously introduced are capable of operating under highly dynamic environments, many of these are constrained to smaller-scale deployments and require constant maintenance due to the associated scalability cost with high-definition (HD) maps. HD maps provide critical information for self-driving cars to drive safely. However, traditional approaches for creating HD maps involves tedious manual labeling. As an attempt to tackle this problem, we fuse 2D image semantic segmentation with pre-built point cloud maps collected from a relatively inexpensive 16 channel LiDAR sensor to construct a local probabilistic semantic map in bird's eye view that encodes static landmarks such as roads, sidewalks, crosswalks, and lanes in the driving environment. Experiments from data collected in an urban environment show that this model can be extended for automatically incorporating road features into HD maps with potential future work directions.      
### 76.Skinning a Parameterization of Three-Dimensional Space for Neural Network Cloth  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04874.pdf)
>  We present a novel learning framework for cloth deformation by embedding virtual cloth into a tetrahedral mesh that parametrizes the volumetric region of air surrounding the underlying body. In order to maintain this volumetric parameterization during character animation, the tetrahedral mesh is constrained to follow the body surface as it deforms. We embed the cloth mesh vertices into this parameterization of three-dimensional space in order to automatically capture much of the nonlinear deformation due to both joint rotations and collisions. We then train a convolutional neural network to recover ground truth deformation by learning cloth embedding offsets for each skeletal pose. Our experiments show significant improvement over learning cloth offsets from body surface parameterizations, both quantitatively and visually, with prior state of the art having a mean error five standard deviations higher than ours. Moreover, our results demonstrate the efficacy of a general learning paradigm where high-frequency details can be embedded into low-frequency parameterizations.      
### 77.DoubleU-Net: A Deep Convolutional Neural Network for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04868.pdf)
>  Semantic image segmentation is the process of labeling each pixel of an image with its corresponding class. An encoder-decoder based approach, like U-Net and its variants, is a popular strategy for solving medical image segmentation tasks. To improve the performance of U-Net on various segmentation tasks, we propose a novel architecture called DoubleU-Net, which is a combination of two U-Net architectures stacked on top of each other. The first U-Net uses a pre-trained VGG-19 as the encoder, which has already learned features from ImageNet and can be transferred to another task easily. To capture more semantic information efficiently, we added another U-Net at the bottom. We also adopt Atrous Spatial Pyramid Pooling (ASPP) to capture contextual information within the network. We have evaluated DoubleU-Net using four medical segmentation datasets, covering various imaging modalities such as colonoscopy, dermoscopy, and microscopy. Experiments on the MICCAI 2015 segmentation challenge, the CVC-ClinicDB, the 2018 Data Science Bowl challenge, and the Lesion boundary segmentation datasets demonstrate that the DoubleU-Net outperforms U-Net and the baseline models. Moreover, DoubleU-Net produces more accurate segmentation masks, especially in the case of the CVC-ClinicDB and MICCAI 2015 segmentation challenge datasets, which have challenging images such as smaller and flat polyps. These results show the improvement over the existing U-Net model. The encouraging results, produced on various medical image segmentation datasets, show that DoubleU-Net can be used as a strong baseline for both medical image segmentation and cross-dataset evaluation testing to measure the generalizability of Deep Learning (DL) models.      
### 78.Novel Perception Algorithmic Framework For Object Identification and Tracking In Autonomous Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04859.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a novel perception framework that has the ability to identify and track objects in autonomous vehicle's field of view. The proposed algorithms don't require any training for achieving this goal. The framework makes use of ego-vehicle's pose estimation and a KD-Tree-based segmentation algorithm to generate object clusters. In turn, using a VFH technique, the geometry of each identified object cluster is translated into a multi-modal PDF and a motion model is initiated with every new object cluster for the purpose of robust spatio-temporal tracking. The methodology further uses statistical properties of high-dimensional probability density functions and Bayesian motion model estimates to identify and track objects from frame to frame. The effectiveness of the methodology is tested on a KITTI dataset. The results show that the median tracking accuracy is around 91% with an end-to-end computational time of 153 milliseconds      
### 79.A systematic review on the role of artificial intelligence in sonographic diagnosis of thyroid cancer: Past, present and future  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05861.pdf)
>  Thyroid cancer is common worldwide, with a rapid increase in prevalence across North America in recent years. While most patients present with palpable nodules through physical examination, a large number of small and medium-sized nodules are detected by ultrasound examination. Suspicious nodules are then sent for biopsy through fine needle aspiration. Since biopsies are invasive and sometimes inconclusive, various research groups have tried to develop computer-aided diagnosis systems. Earlier approaches along these lines relied on clinically relevant features that were manually identified by radiologists. With the recent success of artificial intelligence (AI), various new methods are being developed to identify these features in thyroid ultrasound automatically. In this paper, we present a systematic review of state-of-the-art on AI application in sonographic diagnosis of thyroid cancer. This review follows a methodology-based classification of the different techniques available for thyroid cancer diagnosis. With more than 50 papers included in this review, we reflect on the trends and challenges of the field of sonographic diagnosis of thyroid malignancies and potential of computer-aided diagnosis to increase the impact of ultrasound applications on the future of thyroid cancer diagnosis. Machine learning will continue to play a fundamental role in the development of future thyroid cancer diagnosis frameworks.      
### 80.To Regularize or Not To Regularize? The Bias Variance Trade-off in Regularized AEs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05838.pdf)
>  Regularized Auto-Encoders (AE) form a rich class of methods within the landscape of neural generative models. They effectively model the joint-distribution between the data and a latent space using an Encoder-Decoder combination, with regularization imposed in terms of a prior over the latent space. Despite their advantages such as stability in training, the performance of AE based models has not reached that of the other models such as GANs. While several reasons including the presence of conflicting terms in the objective, distributional choices imposed on the Encoder and the Decoder, and dimensionality of the latent space have been identified as possible causes for the suboptimal performance, the role of the regularization (prior distribution) imposed has not been studied systematically. Motivated by this, we examine the effect of the latent prior on the generation quality of the AE models in this paper. We show that there is no single fixed prior which is optimal for all data distributions, given a Gaussian Decoder. Further, with finite data, we show that there exists a bias-variance trade-off that comes with prior imposition. As a remedy, we optimize a generalized ELBO objective, with an additional state space over the latent prior. We implicitly learn this flexible prior jointly with the AE training using an adversarial learning technique, which facilitates operation on different points of the bias-variance curve. Our experiments on multiple datasets show that the proposed method is the new state-of-the-art for AE based generative models.      
### 81.Applying Deep-Learning-Based Computer Vision to Wireless Communications: Methodologies, Opportunities, and Challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05782.pdf)
>  Deep learning (DL) has obtained great success in computer vision (CV) field, and the related techniques have been widely used in security, healthcare, remote sensing, etc. On the other hand, visual data is universal in our daily life, which is easily generated by prevailing but low-cost cameras. Therefore, DL-based CV can be explored to obtain and forecast some useful information about the objects, e.g., the number, locations, distribution, motion, etc. Intuitively, DL-based CV can facilitate and improve the designs of wireless communications, especially in dynamic network scenarios. However, so far, it is rare to see such kind of works in the existing literature. Then, the primary purpose of this article is to introduce ideas of applying DL-based CV in wireless communications to bring some novel degrees of freedom for both theoretical researches and engineering applications. To illustrate how DL-based CV can be applied in wireless communications, an example of using DL-based CV to millimeter wave (mmWave) system is given to realize optimal mmWave multiple-input and multiple-output (MIMO) beamforming in mobile scenarios. In this example, we proposed a framework to predict the future beam indices from the previously-observed beam indices and images of street views by using ResNet, 3-dimensional ResNext, and long short term memory network. Experimental results show that our frameworks can achieve much higher accuracy than the baseline method, and visual data can help significantly improve the performance of MIMO beamforming system. Finally, we discuss the opportunities and challenges of applying DL-based CV in wireless communications.      
### 82.Dual-level Semantic Transfer Deep Hashing for Efficient Social Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05586.pdf)
>  Social network stores and disseminates a tremendous amount of user shared images. Deep hashing is an efficient indexing technique to support large-scale social image retrieval, due to its deep representation capability, fast retrieval speed and low storage cost. Particularly, unsupervised deep hashing has well scalability as it does not require any manually labelled data for training. However, owing to the lacking of label guidance, existing methods suffer from severe semantic shortage when optimizing a large amount of deep neural network parameters. Differently, in this paper, we propose a Dual-level Semantic Transfer Deep Hashing (DSTDH) method to alleviate this problem with a unified deep hash learning framework. Our model targets at learning the semantically enhanced deep hash codes by specially exploiting the user-generated tags associated with the social images. Specifically, we design a complementary dual-level semantic transfer mechanism to efficiently discover the potential semantics of tags and seamlessly transfer them into binary hash codes. On the one hand, instance-level semantics are directly preserved into hash codes from the associated tags with adverse noise removing. Besides, an image-concept hypergraph is constructed for indirectly transferring the latent high-order semantic correlations of images and tags into hash codes. Moreover, the hash codes are obtained simultaneously with the deep representation learning by the discrete hash optimization strategy. Extensive experiments on two public social image retrieval datasets validate the superior performance of our method compared with state-of-the-art hashing methods. The source codes of our method can be obtained at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/research2020-1/DSTDH" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 83.Deep Learning-based Aerial Image Segmentation with Open Data for Disaster Impact Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05575.pdf)
>  Satellite images are an extremely valuable resource in the aftermath of natural disasters such as hurricanes and tsunamis where they can be used for risk assessment and disaster management. In order to provide timely and actionable information for disaster response, in this paper a framework utilising segmentation neural networks is proposed to identify impacted areas and accessible roads in post-disaster scenarios. The effectiveness of pretraining with ImageNet on the task of aerial image segmentation has been analysed and performances of popular segmentation models compared. Experimental results show that pretraining on ImageNet usually improves the segmentation performance for a number of models. Open data available from OpenStreetMap (OSM) is used for training, forgoing the need for time-consuming manual annotation. The method also makes use of graph theory to update road network data available from OSM and to detect the changes caused by a natural disaster. Extensive experiments on data from the 2018 tsunami that struck Palu, Indonesia show the effectiveness of the proposed framework. ENetSeparable, with 30% fewer parameters compared to ENet, achieved comparable segmentation results to that of the state-of-the-art networks.      
### 84.Resolution-Enhanced MRI-Guided Navigation of Spinal Cellular Injection Robot  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05544.pdf)
>  This paper presents a method of navigating a surgical robot beyond the resolution of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) by using a resolution enhancement technique enabled by high-precision piezoelectric actuation. The surgical robot was specifically designed for injecting stem cells into the spinal cord. This particular therapy can be performed in a shorter time by using a MRI-compatible robotic platform than by using a manual needle positioning platform. Imaging resolution of fiducial markers attached to the needle guide tubing was enhanced by reconstructing a high-resolution image from multiple images with sub-pixel movements of the robot. The parallel-plane direct-drive needle positioning mechanism positioned the needle guide with a high spatial precision that is two orders of magnitude higher than typical MRI resolution up to 1 mm. Reconstructed resolution enhanced images were used to navigate the robot precisely that would not have been possible by using standard MRI. Experiments were conducted to verify the effectiveness of the proposed enhanced-resolution image-guided intervention.      
### 85.Supervised Learning of Sparsity-Promoting Regularizers for Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05521.pdf)
>  We present a method for supervised learning of sparsity-promoting regularizers for image denoising. Sparsity-promoting regularization is a key ingredient in solving modern image reconstruction problems; however, the operators underlying these regularizers are usually either designed by hand or learned from data in an unsupervised way. The recent success of supervised learning (mainly convolutional neural networks) in solving image reconstruction problems suggests that it could be a fruitful approach to designing regularizers. As a first experiment in this direction, we propose to denoise images using a variational formulation with a parametric, sparsity-promoting regularizer, where the parameters of the regularizer are learned to minimize the mean squared error of reconstructions on a training set of (ground truth image, measurement) pairs. Training involves solving a challenging bilievel optimization problem; we derive an expression for the gradient of the training loss using Karush-Kuhn-Tucker conditions and provide an accompanying gradient descent algorithm to minimize it. Our experiments on a simple synthetic, denoising problem show that the proposed method can learn an operator that outperforms well-known regularizers (total variation, DCT-sparsity, and unsupervised dictionary learning) and collaborative filtering. While the approach we present is specific to denoising, we believe that it can be adapted to the whole class of inverse problems with linear measurement models, giving it applicability to a wide range of image reconstruction problems.      
### 86.A Deep Learning-Based Method for Automatic Segmentation of Proximal Femur from Quantitative Computed Tomography Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05513.pdf)
>  Purpose: Proximal femur image analyses based on quantitative computed tomography (QCT) provide a method to quantify the bone density and evaluate osteoporosis and risk of fracture. We aim to develop a deep-learning-based method for automatic proximal femur segmentation. Methods and Materials: We developed a 3D image segmentation method based on V-Net, an end-to-end fully convolutional neural network (CNN), to extract the proximal femur QCT images automatically. The proposed V-net methodology adopts a compound loss function, which includes a Dice loss and a L2 regularizer. We performed experiments to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed segmentation method. In the experiments, a QCT dataset which included 397 QCT subjects was used. For the QCT image of each subject, the ground truth for the proximal femur was delineated by a well-trained scientist. During the experiments for the entire cohort then for male and female subjects separately, 90% of the subjects were used in 10-fold cross-validation for training and internal validation, and to select the optimal parameters of the proposed models; the rest of the subjects were used to evaluate the performance of models. Results: Visual comparison demonstrated high agreement between the model prediction and ground truth contours of the proximal femur portion of the QCT images. In the entire cohort, the proposed model achieved a Dice score of 0.9815, a sensitivity of 0.9852 and a specificity of 0.9992. In addition, an R2 score of 0.9956 (p&lt;0.001) was obtained when comparing the volumes measured by our model prediction with the ground truth. Conclusion: This method shows a great promise for clinical application to QCT and QCT-based finite element analysis of the proximal femur for evaluating osteoporosis and hip fracture risk.      
### 87.Can artificial intelligence (AI) be used to accurately detect tuberculosis (TB) from chest x-ray? A multiplatform evaluation of five AI products used for TB screening in a high TB-burden setting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05509.pdf)
>  Powered by artificial intelligence (AI), particularly deep neural networks, computer aided detection (CAD) tools can be trained to recognize TB-related abnormalities on chest radiographs, thereby screening large numbers of people and reducing the pressure on healthcare professionals. Addressing the lack of studies comparing the performance of different products, we evaluated five AI software platforms specific to TB: CAD4TB (v6), InferReadDR (v2), Lunit INSIGHT for Chest Radiography (v4.9.0) , JF CXR-1 (v2) by and qXR (v3) by on an unseen dataset of chest X-rays collected in three TB screening center in Dhaka, Bangladesh. The 23,566 individuals included in the study all received a CXR read by a group of three Bangladeshi board-certified radiologists. A sample of CXRs were re-read by US board-certified radiologists. Xpert was used as the reference standard. All five AI platforms significantly outperformed the human readers. The areas under the receiver operating characteristic curves are qXR: 0.91 (95% CI:0.90-0.91), Lunit INSIGHT CXR: 0.89 (95% CI:0.88-0.89), InferReadDR: 0.85 (95% CI:0.84-0.86), JF CXR-1: 0.85 (95% CI:0.84-0.85), CAD4TB: 0.82 (95% CI:0.81-0.83). We also proposed a new analytical framework that evaluates a screening and triage test and informs threshold selection through tradeoff between cost efficiency and ability to triage. Further, we assessed the performance of the five AI algorithms across the subgroups of age, use cases, and prior TB history, and found that the threshold scores performed differently across different subgroups. The positive results of our evaluation indicate that these AI products can be useful screening and triage tools for active case finding in high TB-burden regions.      
### 88.DcardNet: Diabetic Retinopathy Classification at Multiple Depths Based on Structural and Angiographic Optical Coherence Tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05480.pdf)
>  Optical coherence tomography (OCT) and its angiography (OCTA) have several advantages for the early detection and diagnosis of diabetic retinopathy (DR). However, automated, complete DR classification frameworks based on both OCT and OCTA data have not been proposed. In this study, a densely and continuously connected neural network with adaptive rate dropout (DcardNet) is proposed to fulfill a DR classification framework using en face OCT and OCTA. The proposed network outputs three separate classification depths on each case based on the International Clinical Diabetic Retinopathy scale. At the highest level the network classifies scans as referable or non-referable for DR. The second depth classifies the eye as non-DR, non-proliferative DR (NPDR), or proliferative DR (PDR). The last depth classifies the case as no DR, mild and moderate NPDR, severe NPDR, and PDR. We used 10-fold cross-validation with 10% of the data to assess the performance of our network. The overall classification accuracies of the three depths were 95.7%, 85.0%, and 71.0% respectively.      
### 89.Pruning neural networks without any data by iteratively conserving synaptic flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05467.pdf)
>  Pruning the parameters of deep neural networks has generated intense interest due to potential savings in time, memory and energy both during training and at test time. Recent works have identified, through an expensive sequence of training and pruning cycles, the existence of winning lottery tickets or sparse trainable subnetworks at initialization. This raises a foundational question: can we identify highly sparse trainable subnetworks at initialization, without ever training, or indeed without ever looking at the data? We provide an affirmative answer to this question through theory driven algorithm design. We first mathematically formulate and experimentally verify a conservation law that explains why existing gradient-based pruning algorithms at initialization suffer from layer-collapse, the premature pruning of an entire layer rendering a network untrainable. This theory also elucidates how layer-collapse can be entirely avoided, motivating a novel pruning algorithm Iterative Synaptic Flow Pruning (SynFlow). This algorithm can be interpreted as preserving the total flow of synaptic strengths through the network at initialization subject to a sparsity constraint. Notably, this algorithm makes no reference to the training data and consistently outperforms existing state-of-the-art pruning algorithms at initialization over a range of models (VGG and ResNet), datasets (CIFAR-10/100 and Tiny ImageNet), and sparsity constraints (up to 99.9 percent). Thus our data-agnostic pruning algorithm challenges the existing paradigm that data must be used to quantify which synapses are important.      
### 90.Neuroevolution in Deep Neural Networks: Current Trends and Future Challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05415.pdf)
>  A variety of methods have been applied to the architectural configuration and learning or training of artificial deep neural networks (DNN). These methods play a crucial role in the success or failure of the DNN for most problems and applications. Evolutionary Algorithms (EAs) are gaining momentum as a computationally feasible method for the automated optimisation and training of DNNs. Neuroevolution is a term which describes these processes of automated configuration and training of DNNs using EAs. While many works exist in the literature, no comprehensive surveys currently exist focusing exclusively on the strengths and limitations of using neuroevolution approaches in DNNs. Prolonged absence of such surveys can lead to a disjointed and fragmented field preventing DNNs researchers potentially adopting neuroevolutionary methods in their own research, resulting in lost opportunities for improving performance and wider application within real-world deep learning problems. This paper presents a comprehensive survey, discussion and evaluation of the state-of-the-art works on using EAs for architectural configuration and training of DNNs. Based on this survey, the paper highlights the most pertinent current issues and challenges in neuroevolution and identifies multiple promising future research directions.      
### 91.Deep Visual Reasoning: Learning to Predict Action Sequences for Task and Motion Planning from an Initial Scene Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05398.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a deep convolutional recurrent neural network that predicts action sequences for task and motion planning (TAMP) from an initial scene image. Typical TAMP problems are formalized by combining reasoning on a symbolic, discrete level (e.g. first-order logic) with continuous motion planning such as nonlinear trajectory optimization. Due to the great combinatorial complexity of possible discrete action sequences, a large number of optimization/motion planning problems have to be solved to find a solution, which limits the scalability of these approaches. <br>To circumvent this combinatorial complexity, we develop a neural network which, based on an initial image of the scene, directly predicts promising discrete action sequences such that ideally only one motion planning problem has to be solved to find a solution to the overall TAMP problem. A key aspect is that our method generalizes to scenes with many and varying number of objects, although being trained on only two objects at a time. This is possible by encoding the objects of the scene in images as input to the neural network, instead of a fixed feature vector. Results show runtime improvements of several magnitudes. Video: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/i8yyEbbvoEk" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 92.A t-distribution based operator for enhancing \\ out of distribution robustness of neural network classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05389.pdf)
>  Neural Network (NN) classifiers can assign extreme probabilities to samples that have not appeared during training (out-of-distribution samples) resulting in erroneous and unreliable predictions. One of the causes for this unwanted behaviour lies in the use of the standard softmax operator which pushes the posterior probabilities to be either zero or unity hence failing to model uncertainty. The statistical derivation of the softmax operator relies on the assumption that the distributions of the latent variables for a given class are Gaussian with known variance. However, it is possible to use different assumptions in the same derivation and attain from other families of distributions as well. This allows derivation of novel operators with more favourable properties. Here, a novel operator is proposed that is derived using $t$-distributions which are capable of providing a better description of uncertainty. It is shown that classifiers that adopt this novel operator can be more robust to out of distribution samples, often outperforming NNs that use the standard softmax operator. These enhancements can be reached with minimal changes to the NN architecture.      
### 93.A Comparative Study on Early Detection of COVID-19 from Chest X-Ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05332.pdf)
>  In this study, our first aim is to evaluate the ability of recent state-of-the-art Machine Learning techniques to early detect COVID-19 from plain chest X-ray images. Both compact classifiers and deep learning approaches are considered in this study. Furthermore, we propose a recent compact classifier, Convolutional Support Estimator Network (CSEN) approach for this purpose since it is well-suited for a scarce-data classification task. Finally, this study introduces a new benchmark dataset called Early-QaTa-COV19, which consists of 175 early-stage COVID-19 Pneumonia samples (very limited or no infection signs) labelled by the medical doctors and 1579 samples for control (normal) class. A detailed set of experiments show that the CSEN achieves the top (over 98.5%) sensitivity with over 96% specificity. Moreover, transfer learning over the deep CheXNet fine-tuned with the augmented data produces the leading performance among other deep networks with 97.14% sensitivity and 99.49% specificity.      
### 94.UMLS-ChestNet: A deep convolutional neural network for radiological findings, differential diagnoses and localizations of COVID-19 in chest x-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05274.pdf)
>  In this work we present a method for the detection of radiological findings, their location and differential diagnoses from chest x-rays. Unlike prior works that focus on the detection of few pathologies, we use a hierarchical taxonomy mapped to the Unified Medical Language System (UMLS) terminology to identify 189 radiological findings, 22 differential diagnosis and 122 anatomic locations, including ground glass opacities, infiltrates, consolidations and other radiological findings compatible with COVID-19. We train the system on one large database of 92,594 frontal chest x-rays (AP or PA, standing, supine or decubitus) and a second database of 2,065 frontal images of COVID-19 patients identified by at least one positive Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) test. The reference labels are obtained through natural language processing of the radiological reports. On 23,159 test images, the proposed neural network obtains an AUC of 0.94 for the diagnosis of COVID-19. To our knowledge, this work uses the largest chest x-ray dataset of COVID-19 positive cases to date and is the first one to use a hierarchical labeling schema and to provide interpretability of the results, not only by using network attention methods, but also by indicating the radiological findings that have led to the diagnosis.      
### 95.What takes the brain so long: Object recognition at the level of minimal images develops for up to seconds of presentation time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05249.pdf)
>  Rich empirical evidence has shown that visual object recognition in the brain is fast and effortless, with relevant brain signals reported to start as early as 80 ms. Here we study the time trajectory of the recognition process at the level of minimal recognizable images (termed MIRC). These are images that can be recognized reliably, but in which a minute change of the image (reduction by either size or resolution) has a drastic effect on recognition. Subjects were assigned to one of nine exposure conditions: 200, 500, 1000, 2000 ms with or without masking, as well as unlimited time. The subjects were not limited in time to respond after presentation. The results show that in the masked conditions, recognition rates develop gradually over an extended period, e.g. average of 18% for 200 ms exposure and 45% for 500 ms, increasing significantly with longer exposure even above 2 secs. When presented for unlimited time (until response), MIRC recognition rates were equivalent to the rates of full-object images presented for 50 ms followed by masking. What takes the brain so long to recognize such images? We discuss why processes involving eye-movements, perceptual decision-making and pattern completion are unlikely explanations. Alternatively, we hypothesize that MIRC recognition requires an extended top-down process complementing the feed-forward phase.      
### 96.A Review of Automatically Diagnosing COVID-19 based on Scanning Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05245.pdf)
>  The pandemic of COVID-19 has caused millions of infectious. Due to the false-negative rate and the time cost of conventional RT-PCR tests, X-ray images and Computed Tomography (CT) images based diagnosing become widely adopted. Therefore, researchers of the computer vision area have developed many automatic diagnosing models to help the radiologists and pro-mote the diagnosing accuracy. In this paper, we present a review of these recently emerging automatic diagnosing models. 62 models from 14, February to 5, May, 2020 are involved. We analyzed the models from the perspective of preprocessing, feature extraction, classification, and evaluation. Then we pointed out that domain adaption in transfer learning and interpretability promotion are the possible future directions.      
### 97.Super-resolution Variational Auto-Encoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05218.pdf)
>  The framework of variational autoencoders (VAEs) provides a principled method for jointly learning latent-variable models and corresponding inference models. However, the main drawback of this approach is the blurriness of the generated images. Some studies link this effect to the objective function, namely, the (negative) log-likelihood. Here, we propose to enhance VAEs by adding a random variable that is a downscaled version of the original image and still use the log-likelihood function as the learning objective. Further, by providing the downscaled image as an input to the decoder, it can be used in a manner similar to the super-resolution. We present empirically that the proposed approach performs comparably to VAEs in terms of the negative log-likelihood function, but it obtains a better FID score.      
### 98.Automated Design Space Exploration for optimised Deployment of DNN on Arm Cortex-A CPUs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05181.pdf)
>  The spread of deep learning on embedded devices has prompted the development of numerous methods to optimise the deployment of deep neural networks (DNN). Works have mainly focused on: i) efficient DNN architectures, ii) network optimisation techniques such as pruning and quantisation, iii) optimised algorithms to speed up the execution of the most computational intensive layers and, iv) dedicated hardware to accelerate the data flow and computation. However, there is a lack of research on the combination of these methods as the space of approaches becomes too large to test and obtain a globally optimised solution, which leads to suboptimal deployment in terms of latency, accuracy, and memory. <br>In this work, we first detail and analyse the methods to improve the deployment of DNNs across the different levels of software optimisation. Building on this knowledge, we present an automated exploration framework to ease the deployment of DNNs for industrial applications by automatically exploring the design space and learning an optimised solution that speeds up the performance and reduces the memory on embedded CPU platforms. The framework relies on a Reinforcement Learning -based search that, combined with a deep learning inference framework, enables the deployment of DNN implementations to obtain empirical measurements on embedded AI applications. Thus, we present a set of results for state-of-the-art DNNs on a range of Arm Cortex-A CPU platforms achieving up to 4x improvement in performance and over 2x reduction in memory with negligible loss in accuracy with respect to the BLAS floating-point implementation.      
### 99.Orientation Attentive Robot Grasp Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05123.pdf)
>  Physical neighborhoods of grasping points in common objects may offer a wide variety of plausible grasping configurations. For a fixed center of a simple spherical object, for example, there is an infinite number of valid grasping orientations. Such structures create ambiguous and discontinuous grasp maps that confuse neural regressors. We perform a thorough investigation of the challenging Jacquard dataset to show that the existing pixel-wise learning approaches are prone to box overlaps of drastically different orientations. We then introduce a novel augmented map representation that partitions the angle space into bins to allow for the co-occurrence of such orientations and observe larger accuracy margins on the ground truth grasp map reconstructions. On top of that, we build the ORientation AtteNtive Grasp synthEsis (ORANGE) framework that jointly solves a bin classification problem and a real-value regression. The grasp synthesis is attentively supervised by combining discrete and continuous estimations into a single map. We provide experimental evidence by appending ORANGE to two existing unimodal architectures and boost their performance to state-of-the-art levels on Jacquard, specifically 94.71\%, over all related works, even multimodal. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nickgkan/orange" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 100.High Tissue Contrast MRI Synthesis Using Multi-Stage Attention-GAN for Glioma Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05030.pdf)
>  Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) provides varying tissue contrast images of internal organs based on a strong magnetic field. Despite the non-invasive advantage of MRI in frequent imaging, the low contrast MR images in the target area make tissue segmentation a challenging problem. This paper demonstrates the potential benefits of image-to-image translation techniques to generate synthetic high tissue contrast (HTC) images. Notably, we adopt a new cycle generative adversarial network (CycleGAN) with an attention mechanism to increase the contrast within underlying tissues. The attention block, as well as training on HTC images, guides our model to converge on certain tissues. To increase the resolution of HTC images, we employ multi-stage architecture to focus on one particular tissue as a foreground and filter out the irrelevant background in each stage. This multi-stage structure also alleviates the common artifacts of the synthetic images by decreasing the gap between source and target domains. We show the application of our method for synthesizing HTC images on brain MR scans, including glioma tumor. We also employ HTC MR images in both the end-to-end and two-stage segmentation structure to confirm the effectiveness of these images. The experiments over three competitive segmentation baselines on BraTS 2018 dataset indicate that incorporating the synthetic HTC images in the multi-modal segmentation framework improves the average Dice scores 0.8%, 0.6%, and 0.5% on the whole tumor, tumor core, and enhancing tumor, respectively, while eliminating one real MRI sequence from the segmentation procedure.      
### 101.Deep learning to estimate the physical proportion of infected region of lung for COVID-19 pneumonia with CT image set  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.05018.pdf)
>  Utilizing computed tomography (CT) images to quickly estimate the severity of cases with COVID-19 is one of the most straightforward and efficacious methods. Two tasks were studied in this present paper. One was to segment the mask of intact lung in case of pneumonia. Another was to generate the masks of regions infected by COVID-19. The masks of these two parts of images then were converted to corresponding volumes to calculate the physical proportion of infected region of lung. A total of 129 CT image set were herein collected and studied. The intrinsic Hounsfiled value of CT images was firstly utilized to generate the initial dirty version of labeled masks both for intact lung and infected regions. Then, the samples were carefully adjusted and improved by two professional radiologists to generate the final training set and test benchmark. Two deep learning models were evaluated: UNet and 2.5D UNet. For the segment of infected regions, a deep learning based classifier was followed to remove unrelated blur-edged regions that were wrongly segmented out such as air tube and blood vessel tissue etc. For the segmented masks of intact lung and infected regions, the best method could achieve 0.972 and 0.757 measure in mean Dice similarity coefficient on our test benchmark. As the overall proportion of infected region of lung, the final result showed 0.961 (Pearson's correlation coefficient) and 11.7% (mean absolute percent error). The instant proportion of infected regions of lung could be used as a visual evidence to assist clinical physician to determine the severity of the case. Furthermore, a quantified report of infected regions can help predict the prognosis for COVID-19 cases which were scanned periodically within the treatment cycle.      
### 102.Automated Quantification of CT Patterns Associated with COVID-19 from Chest CT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04998.pdf)
>  Purpose: To present a method that automatically segments and quantifies abnormal CT patterns commonly present in coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), namely ground glass opacities and consolidations. Materials and Methods: In this retrospective study, the proposed method takes as input a non-contrasted chest CT and segments the lesions, lungs, and lobes in three dimensions, based on a dataset of 9749 chest CT volumes. The method outputs two combined measures of the severity of lung and lobe involvement, quantifying both the extent of COVID-19 abnormalities and presence of high opacities, based on deep learning and deep reinforcement learning. The first measure of (PO, PHO) is global, while the second of (LSS, LHOS) is lobe-wise. Evaluation of the algorithm is reported on CTs of 200 participants (100 COVID-19 confirmed patients and 100 healthy controls) from institutions from Canada, Europe and the United States collected between 2002-Present (April, 2020). Ground truth is established by manual annotations of lesions, lungs, and lobes. Correlation and regression analyses were performed to compare the prediction to the ground truth. Results: Pearson correlation coefficient between method prediction and ground truth for COVID-19 cases was calculated as 0.92 for PO (P &lt; .001), 0.97 for PHO(P &lt; .001), 0.91 for LSS (P &lt; .001), 0.90 for LHOS (P &lt; .001). 98 of 100 healthy controls had a predicted PO of less than 1%, 2 had between 1-2%. Automated processing time to compute the severity scores was 10 seconds per case compared to 30 minutes required for manual annotations. Conclusion: A new method segments regions of CT abnormalities associated with COVID-19 and computes (PO, PHO), as well as (LSS, LHOS) severity scores.      
### 103.Implicit Class-Conditioned Domain Alignment for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04996.pdf)
>  We present an approach for unsupervised domain adaptation---with a strong focus on practical considerations of within-domain class imbalance and between-domain class distribution shift---from a class-conditioned domain alignment perspective. Current methods for class-conditioned domain alignment aim to explicitly minimize a loss function based on pseudo-label estimations of the target domain. However, these methods suffer from pseudo-label bias in the form of error accumulation. We propose a method that removes the need for explicit optimization of model parameters from pseudo-labels directly. Instead, we present a sampling-based implicit alignment approach, where the sample selection procedure is implicitly guided by the pseudo-labels. Theoretical analysis reveals the existence of a domain-discriminator shortcut in misaligned classes, which is addressed by the proposed implicit alignment approach to facilitate domain-adversarial learning. Empirical results and ablation studies confirm the effectiveness of the proposed approach, especially in the presence of within-domain class imbalance and between-domain class distribution shift.      
### 104.Big GANs Are Watching You: Towards Unsupervised Object Segmentation with Off-the-Shelf Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04988.pdf)
>  Since collecting pixel-level groundtruth data is expensive, unsupervised visual understanding problems are currently an active research topic. In particular, several recent methods based on generative models have achieved promising results for object segmentation and saliency detection. However, since generative models are known to be unstable and sensitive to hyperparameters, the training of these methods can be challenging and time-consuming. <br>In this work, we introduce an alternative, much simpler way to exploit generative models for unsupervised object segmentation. First, we explore the latent space of the BigBiGAN -- the state-of-the-art unsupervised GAN, which parameters are publicly available. We demonstrate that object saliency masks for GAN-produced images can be obtained automatically with BigBiGAN. These masks then are used to train a discriminative segmentation model. Being very simple and easy-to-reproduce, our approach provides competitive performance on common benchmarks in the unsupervised scenario.      
### 105.KiU-Net: Towards Accurate Segmentation of Biomedical Images using Over-complete Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04878.pdf)
>  Due to its excellent performance, U-Net is the most widely used backbone architecture for biomedical image segmentation in the recent years. However, in our studies, we observe that there is a considerable performance drop in the case of detecting smaller anatomical landmarks with blurred noisy boundaries. We analyze this issue in detail, and address it by proposing an over-complete architecture (Ki-Net) which involves projecting the data onto higher dimensions (in the spatial sense). This network, when augmented with U-Net, results in significant improvements in the case of segmenting small anatomical landmarks and blurred noisy boundaries while obtaining better overall performance. Furthermore, the proposed network has additional benefits like faster convergence and fewer number of parameters. We evaluate the proposed method on the task of brain anatomy segmentation from 2D Ultrasound (US) of preterm neonates, and achieve an improvement of around 4% in terms of the DICE accuracy and Jaccard index as compared to the standard-U-Net, while outperforming the recent best methods by 2%. Code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jeya-maria-jose/KiU-Net-pytorch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 106.Approximate Inverse Reinforcement Learning from Vision-based Imitation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.08051.pdf)
>  In this work, we present a method for obtaining an implicit objective function for vision-based navigation. The proposed methodology relies on Imitation Learning, Model Predictive Control (MPC), and Deep Learning. We use Imitation Learning as a means to do Inverse Reinforcement Learning in order to create an approximate costmap generator for a visual navigation challenge. The resulting costmap is used in conjunction with a Model Predictive Controller for real-time control and outperforms other state-of-the-art costmap generators combined with MPC in novel environments. The proposed process allows for simple training and robustness to out-of-sample data. We apply our method to the task of vision-based autonomous driving in multiple real and simulated environments using the same weights for the costmap predictor in all environments.      
