# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 8 Jun 2020
### 1.Novel Object Viewpoint Estimation through Reconstruction Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03586.pdf)
>  The goal of this paper is to estimate the viewpoint for a novel object. Standard viewpoint estimation approaches generally fail on this task due to their reliance on a 3D model for alignment or large amounts of class-specific training data and their corresponding canonical pose. We overcome those limitations by learning a reconstruct and align approach. Our key insight is that although we do not have an explicit 3D model or a predefined canonical pose, we can still learn to estimate the object's shape in the viewer's frame and then use an image to provide our reference model or canonical pose. In particular, we propose learning two networks: the first maps images to a 3D geometry-aware feature bottleneck and is trained via an image-to-image translation loss; the second learns whether two instances of features are aligned. At test time, our model finds the relative transformation that best aligns the bottleneck features of our test image to a reference image. We evaluate our method on novel object viewpoint estimation by generalizing across different datasets, analyzing the impact of our different modules, and providing a qualitative analysis of the learned features to identify what representations are being learnt for alignment.      
### 2.A Meta-Bayesian Model of Intentional Visual Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03531.pdf)
>  We propose a computational model of visual search that incorporates Bayesian interpretations of the neural mechanisms that underlie categorical perception and saccade planning. To enable meaningful comparisons between simulated and human behaviours, we employ a gaze-contingent paradigm that required participants to classify occluded MNIST digits through a window that followed their gaze. The conditional independencies imposed by a separation of time scales in this task are embodied by constraints on the hierarchical structure of our model; planning and decision making are cast as a partially observable Markov Decision Process while proprioceptive and exteroceptive signals are integrated by a dynamic model that facilitates approximate inference on visual information and its latent causes. Our model is able to recapitulate human behavioural metrics such as classification accuracy while retaining a high degree of interpretability, which we demonstrate by recovering subject-specific parameters from observed human behaviour.      
### 3.VALUE: Large Scale Voting-based Automatic Labelling for Urban Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03492.pdf)
>  This paper presents a simple and robust method for the automatic localisation of static 3D objects in large-scale urban environments. By exploiting the potential to merge a large volume of noisy but accurately localised 2D image data, we achieve superior performance in terms of both robustness and accuracy of the recovered 3D information. The method is based on a simple distributed voting schema which can be fully distributed and parallelised to scale to large-scale scenarios. To evaluate the method we collected city-scale data sets from New York City and San Francisco consisting of almost 400k images spanning the area of 40 km$^2$ and used it to accurately recover the 3D positions of traffic lights. We demonstrate a robust performance and also show that the solution improves in quality over time as the amount of data increases.      
### 4.Segmentation of Surgical Instruments for Minimally-Invasive Robot-Assisted Procedures Using Generative Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03486.pdf)
>  This work proves that semantic segmentation on minimally invasive surgical instruments can be improved by using training data that has been augmented through domain adaptation. The benefit of this method is twofold. Firstly, it suppresses the need of manually labeling thousands of images by transforming synthetic data into realistic-looking data. To achieve this, a CycleGAN model is used, which transforms a source dataset to approximate the domain distribution of a target dataset. Secondly, this newly generated data with perfect labels is utilized to train a semantic segmentation neural network, U-Net. This method shows generalization capabilities on data with variability regarding its rotation- position- and lighting conditions. Nevertheless, one of the caveats of this approach is that the model is unable to generalize well to other surgical instruments with a different shape from the one used for training. This is driven by the lack of a high variance in the geometric distribution of the training data. Future work will focus on making the model more scale-invariant and able to adapt to other types of surgical instruments previously unseen by the training.      
### 5.Learning Neural Light Transport  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03427.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep generative models have gained significance due to their ability to synthesize natural-looking images with applications ranging from virtual reality to data augmentation for training computer vision models. While existing models are able to faithfully learn the image distribution of the training set, they often lack controllability as they operate in 2D pixel space and do not model the physical image formation process. In this work, we investigate the importance of 3D reasoning for photorealistic rendering. We present an approach for learning light transport in static and dynamic 3D scenes using a neural network with the goal of predicting photorealistic images. In contrast to existing approaches that operate in the 2D image domain, our approach reasons in both 3D and 2D space, thus enabling global illumination effects and manipulation of 3D scene geometry. Experimentally, we find that our model is able to produce photorealistic renderings of static and dynamic scenes. Moreover, it compares favorably to baselines which combine path tracing and image denoising at the same computational budget.      
### 6.Uncertainty-Aware CNNs for Depth Completion: Uncertainty from Beginning to End  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03349.pdf)
>  The focus in deep learning research has been mostly to push the limits of prediction accuracy. However, this was often achieved at the cost of increased complexity, raising concerns about the interpretability and the reliability of deep networks. Recently, an increasing attention has been given to untangling the complexity of deep networks and quantifying their uncertainty for different computer vision tasks. Differently, the task of depth completion has not received enough attention despite the inherent noisy nature of depth sensors. In this work, we thus focus on modeling the uncertainty of depth data in depth completion starting from the sparse noisy input all the way to the final prediction. <br>We propose a novel approach to identify disturbed measurements in the input by learning an input confidence estimator in a self-supervised manner based on the normalized convolutional neural networks (NCNNs). Further, we propose a probabilistic version of NCNNs that produces a statistically meaningful uncertainty measure for the final prediction. When we evaluate our approach on the KITTI dataset for depth completion, we outperform all the existing Bayesian Deep Learning approaches in terms of prediction accuracy, quality of the uncertainty measure, and the computational efficiency. Moreover, our small network with 670k parameters performs on-par with conventional approaches with millions of parameters. These results give strong evidence that separating the network into parallel uncertainty and prediction streams leads to state-of-the-art performance with accurate uncertainty estimates.      
### 7.Explaining Autonomous Driving by Learning End-to-End Visual Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03347.pdf)
>  Current deep learning based autonomous driving approaches yield impressive results also leading to in-production deployment in certain controlled scenarios. One of the most popular and fascinating approaches relies on learning vehicle controls directly from data perceived by sensors. This end-to-end learning paradigm can be applied both in classical supervised settings and using reinforcement learning. Nonetheless the main drawback of this approach as also in other learning problems is the lack of explainability. Indeed, a deep network will act as a black-box outputting predictions depending on previously seen driving patterns without giving any feedback on why such decisions were taken. While to obtain optimal performance it is not critical to obtain explainable outputs from a learned agent, especially in such a safety critical field, it is of paramount importance to understand how the network behaves. This is particularly relevant to interpret failures of such systems. In this work we propose to train an imitation learning based agent equipped with an attention model. The attention model allows us to understand what part of the image has been deemed most important. Interestingly, the use of attention also leads to superior performance in a standard benchmark using the CARLA driving simulator.      
### 8.MANTRA: Memory Augmented Networks for Multiple Trajectory Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03340.pdf)
>  Autonomous vehicles are expected to drive in complex scenarios with several independent non cooperating agents. Path planning for safely navigating in such environments can not just rely on perceiving present location and motion of other agents. It requires instead to predict such variables in a far enough future. In this paper we address the problem of multimodal trajectory prediction exploiting a Memory Augmented Neural Network. Our method learns past and future trajectory embeddings using recurrent neural networks and exploits an associative external memory to store and retrieve such embeddings. Trajectory prediction is then performed by decoding in-memory future encodings conditioned with the observed past. We incorporate scene knowledge in the decoding state by learning a CNN on top of semantic scene maps. Memory growth is limited by learning a writing controller based on the predictive capability of existing embeddings. We show that our method is able to natively perform multi-modal trajectory prediction obtaining state-of-the art results on three datasets. Moreover, thanks to the non-parametric nature of the memory module, we show how once trained our system can continuously improve by ingesting novel patterns.      
### 9.Multi-modal Feature Fusion with Feature Attention for VATEX Captioning Challenge 2020  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03315.pdf)
>  This report describes our model for VATEX Captioning Challenge 2020. First, to gather information from multiple domains, we extract motion, appearance, semantic and audio features. Then we design a feature attention module to attend on different feature when decoding. We apply two types of decoders, top-down and X-LAN and ensemble these models to get the final result. The proposed method outperforms official baseline with a significant gap. We achieve 76.0 CIDEr and 50.0 CIDEr on English and Chinese private test set. We rank 2nd on both English and Chinese private test leaderboard.      
### 10.Biometric Quality: Review and Application to Face Recognition with FaceQnet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03298.pdf)
>  "The output of a computerised system can only be as accurate as the information entered into it." This rather trivial statement is the basis behind one of the driving concepts in biometric recognition: biometric quality. Quality is nowadays widely regarded as the number one factor responsible for the good or bad performance of automated biometric systems. It refers to the ability of a biometric sample to be used for recognition purposes and produce consistent, accurate, and reliable results. Such a subjective term is objectively estimated by the so-called biometric quality metrics. These algorithms play nowadays a pivotal role in the correct functioning of systems, providing feedback to the users and working as invaluable audit tools. In spite of their unanimously accepted relevance, some of the most used and deployed biometric characteristics are lacking behind in the development of these methods. This is the case of face recognition. After a gentle introduction to the general topic of biometric quality and a review of past efforts in face quality metrics, in the present work, we address the need for better face quality metrics by developing FaceQnet. FaceQnet is a novel opensource face quality assessment tool, inspired and powered by deep learning technology, which assigns a scalar quality measure to facial images, as prediction of their recognition accuracy. Two versions of FaceQnet have been thoroughly evaluated both in this work and also independently by NIST, showing the soundness of the approach and its competitiveness with respect to current state-of-the-art metrics. Even though our work is presented here particularly in the framework of face biometrics, the proposed methodology for building a fully automated quality metric can be very useful and easily adapted to other artificial intelligence tasks.      
### 11.Real-time Human Activity Recognition Using Conditionally Parametrized Convolutions on Mobile and Wearable Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03259.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning has represented an important research trend in human activity recognition (HAR). In particular, deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have achieved state-of-the-art performance on various HAR datasets. For deep learning, improvements in performance have to heavily rely on increasing model size or capacity to scale to larger and larger datasets, which inevitably leads to the increase of operations. A high number of operations in deep leaning increases computational cost and is not suitable for real-time HAR using mobile and wearable sensors. Though shallow learning techniques often are lightweight, they could not achieve good performance. Therefore, deep learning methods that can balance the trade-off between accuracy and computation cost is highly needed, which to our knowledge has seldom been researched. In this paper, we for the first time propose a computation efficient CNN using conditionally parametrized convolution for real-time HAR on mobile and wearable devices. We evaluate the proposed method on four public benchmark HAR datasets consisting of WISDM dataset, PAMAP2 dataset, UNIMIB-SHAR dataset, and OPPORTUNITY dataset, achieving state-of-the-art accuracy without compromising computation cost. Various ablation experiments are performed to show how such a network with large capacity is clearly preferable to baseline while requiring a similar amount of operations. The method can be used as a drop-in replacement for the existing deep HAR architectures and easily deployed onto mobile and wearable devices for real-time HAR applications.      
### 12.TCDesc: Learning Topology Consistent Descriptors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03254.pdf)
>  Triplet loss is widely used for learning local descriptors from image patch. However, triplet loss only minimizes the Euclidean distance between matching descriptors and maximizes that between the non-matching descriptors, which neglects the topology similarity between two descriptor sets. In this paper, we propose topology measure besides Euclidean distance to learn topology consistent descriptors by considering kNN descriptors of positive sample. First we establish a novel topology vector for each descriptor followed by Locally Linear Embedding (LLE) to indicate the topological relation among the descriptor and its kNN descriptors. Then we define topology distance between descriptors as the difference of their topology vectors. Last we employ the dynamic weighting strategy to fuse Euclidean distance and topology distance of matching descriptors and take the fusion result as the positive sample distance in the triplet loss. Experimental results on several benchmarks show that our method performs better than state-of-the-arts results and effectively improves the performance of triplet loss.      
### 13.FP-Stereo: Hardware-Efficient Stereo Vision for Embedded Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03250.pdf)
>  Fast and accurate depth estimation, or stereo matching, is essential in embedded stereo vision systems, requiring substantial design effort to achieve an appropriate balance among accuracy, speed and hardware cost. To reduce the design effort and achieve the right balance, we propose FP-Stereo for building high-performance stereo matching pipelines on FPGAs automatically. FP-Stereo consists of an open-source hardware-efficient library, allowing designers to obtain the desired implementation instantly. Diverse methods are supported in our library for each stage of the stereo matching pipeline and a series of techniques are developed to exploit the parallelism and reduce the resource overhead. To improve the usability, FP-Stereo can generate synthesizable C code of the FPGA accelerator with our optimized HLS templates automatically. To guide users for the right design choice meeting specific application requirements, detailed comparisons are performed on various configurations of our library to investigate the accuracy/speed/cost trade-off. Experimental results also show that FP-Stereo outperforms the state-of-the-art FPGA design from all aspects, including 6.08% lower error, 2x faster speed, 30% less resource usage and 40% less energy consumption. Compared to GPU designs, FP-Stereo achieves the same accuracy at a competitive speed while consuming much less energy.      
### 14.Content and Context Features for Scene Image Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03217.pdf)
>  Existing research in scene image classification has focused on either content features (e.g., visual information) or context features (e.g., annotations). As they capture different information about images which can be complementary and useful to discriminate images of different classes, we suppose the fusion of them will improve classification results. In this paper, we propose new techniques to compute content features and context features, and then fuse them together. For content features, we design multi-scale deep features based on background and foreground information in images. For context features, we use annotations of similar images available in the web to design a filter words (codebook). Our experiments in three widely used benchmark scene datasets using support vector machine classifier reveal that our proposed context and content features produce better results than existing context and content features, respectively. The fusion of the proposed two types of features significantly outperform numerous state-of-the-art features.      
### 15.Content-Aware Inter-Scale Cost Aggregation for Stereo Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03209.pdf)
>  Cost aggregation is a key component of stereo matching for high-quality depth estimation. Most methods use multi-scale processing to downsample cost volume for proper context information, but will cause loss of details when upsampling. In this paper, we present a content-aware inter-scale cost aggregation method that adaptively aggregates and upsamples the cost volume from coarse-scale to fine-scale by learning dynamic filter weights according to the content of the left and right views on the two scales. Our method achieves reliable detail recovery when upsampling through the aggregation of information across different scales. Furthermore, a novel decomposition strategy is proposed to efficiently construct the 3D filter weights and aggregate the 3D cost volume, which greatly reduces the computation cost. We first learn the 2D similarities via the feature maps on the two scales, and then build the 3D filter weights based on the 2D similarities from the left and right views. After that, we split the aggregation in a full 3D spatial-disparity space into the aggregation in 1D disparity space and 2D spatial space. Experiment results on Scene Flow dataset, KITTI2015 and Middlebury demonstrate the effectiveness of our method.      
### 16.Black-box Explanation of Object Detectors via Saliency Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03204.pdf)
>  We propose D-RISE, a method for generating visual explanations for the predictions of object detectors. D-RISE can be considered "black-box" in the software testing sense, it only needs access to the inputs and outputs of an object detector. Compared to gradient-based methods, D-RISE is more general and agnostic to the particular type of object detector being tested as it does not need to know about the inner workings of the model. We show that D-RISE can be easily applied to different object detectors including one-stage detectors such as YOLOv3 and two-stage detectors such as Faster-RCNN. We present a detailed analysis of the generated visual explanations to highlight the utilization of context and the possible biases learned by object detectors.      
### 17.Egocentric Object Manipulation Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03201.pdf)
>  We introduce Egocentric Object Manipulation Graphs (Ego-OMG) - a novel representation for activity modeling and anticipation of near future actions integrating three components: 1) semantic temporal structure of activities, 2) short-term dynamics, and 3) representations for appearance. Semantic temporal structure is modeled through a graph, embedded through a Graph Convolutional Network, whose states model characteristics of and relations between hands and objects. These state representations derive from all three levels of abstraction, and span segments delimited by the making and breaking of hand-object contact. Short-term dynamics are modeled in two ways: A) through 3D convolutions, and B) through anticipating the spatiotemporal end points of hand trajectories, where hands come into contact with objects. Appearance is modeled through deep spatiotemporal features produced through existing methods. We note that in Ego-OMG it is simple to swap these appearance features, and thus Ego-OMG is complementary to most existing action anticipation methods. We evaluate Ego-OMG on the EPIC Kitchens Action Anticipation Challenge. The consistency of the egocentric perspective of EPIC Kitchens allows for the utilization of the hand-centric cues upon which Ego-OMG relies. We demonstrate state-of-the-art performance, outranking all other previous published methods by large margins and ranking first on the unseen test set and second on the seen test set of the EPIC Kitchens Action Anticipation Challenge. We attribute the success of Ego-OMG to the modeling of semantic structure captured over long timespans. We evaluate the design choices made through several ablation studies. Code will be released upon acceptance      
### 18.Scene Image Representation by Foreground, Background and Hybrid Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03199.pdf)
>  Previous methods for representing scene images based on deep learning primarily consider either the foreground or background information as the discriminating clues for the classification task. However, scene images also require additional information (hybrid) to cope with the inter-class similarity and intra-class variation problems. In this paper, we propose to use hybrid features in addition to foreground and background features to represent scene images. We suppose that these three types of information could jointly help to represent scene image more accurately. To this end, we adopt three VGG-16 architectures pre-trained on ImageNet, Places, and Hybrid (both ImageNet and Places) datasets for the corresponding extraction of foreground, background and hybrid information. All these three types of deep features are further aggregated to achieve our final features for the representation of scene images. Extensive experiments on two large benchmark scene datasets (MIT-67 and SUN-397) show that our method produces the state-of-the-art classification performance.      
### 19.Pick-Object-Attack: Type-Specific Adversarial Attack for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03184.pdf)
>  Many recent studies have shown that deep neural models are vulnerable to adversarial samples: images with imperceptible perturbations, for example, can fool image classifiers. In this paper, we generate adversarial examples for object detection, which entails detecting bounding boxes around multiple objects present in the image and classifying them at the same time, making it a harder task than against image classification. We specifically aim to attack the widely used Faster R-CNN by changing the predicted label for a particular object in an image: where prior work has targeted one specific object (a stop sign), we generalise to arbitrary objects, with the key challenge being the need to change the labels of all bounding boxes for all instances of that object type. To do so, we propose a novel method, named Pick-Object-Attack. Pick-Object-Attack successfully adds perturbations only to bounding boxes for the targeted object, preserving the labels of other detected objects in the image. In terms of perceptibility, the perturbations induced by the method are very small. Furthermore, for the first time, we examine the effect of adversarial attacks on object detection in terms of a downstream task, image captioning; we show that where a method that can modify all object types leads to very obvious changes in captions, the changes from our constrained attack are much less apparent.      
### 20.MSDU-net: A Multi-Scale Dilated U-net for Blur Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03182.pdf)
>  Blur detection is the separation of blurred and clear regions of an image, which is an important and challenging task in computer vision. In this work, we regard blur detection as an image segmentation problem. Inspired by the success of the U-net architecture for image segmentation, we design a Multi-Scale Dilated convolutional neural network based on U-net, which we call MSDU-net. The MSDU-net uses a group of multi-scale feature extractors with dilated convolutions to extract texture information at different scales. The U-shape architecture of the MSDU-net fuses the different-scale texture features and generates a semantic feature which allows us to achieve better results on the blur detection task. We show that using the MSDU-net we are able to outperform other state of the art blur detection methods on two publicly available benchmarks.      
### 21.Unsupervised clustering of Roman pottery profiles from their SSAE representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03156.pdf)
>  In this paper we introduce the ROman COmmonware POTtery (ROCOPOT) database, which comprises of more than 2000 black and white imaging profiles of pottery shapes extracted from 11 Roman catalogues and related to different excavation sites. The partiality and the handcrafted variance of the shape fragments within this new database make their unsupervised clustering a very challenging problem: profile similarities are thus explored via the hierarchical clustering of non-linear features learned in the latent representation space of a stacked sparse autoencoder (SSAE) network, unveiling new profile matches. Results are commented both from a mathematical and archaeological perspective so as to unlock new research directions in the respective communities.      
### 22.SIDU: Similarity Difference and Uniqueness Method for Explainable AI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03122.pdf)
>  A new brand of technical artificial intelligence ( Explainable AI ) research has focused on trying to open up the 'black box' and provide some explainability. This paper presents a novel visual explanation method for deep learning networks in the form of a saliency map that can effectively localize entire object regions. In contrast to the current state-of-the art methods, the proposed method shows quite promising visual explanations that can gain greater trust of human expert. Both quantitative and qualitative evaluations are carried out on both general and clinical data sets to confirm the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 23.Sponge Examples: Energy-Latency Attacks on Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03463.pdf)
>  The high energy costs of neural network training and inference led to the use of acceleration hardware such as GPUs and TPUs. While this enabled us to train large-scale neural networks in datacenters and deploy them on edge devices, the focus so far is on average-case performance. In this work, we introduce a novel threat vector against neural networks whose energy consumption or decision latency are critical. We show how adversaries can exploit carefully crafted $\boldsymbol{sponge}~\boldsymbol{examples}$, which are inputs designed to maximise energy consumption and latency. <br>We mount two variants of this attack on established vision and language models, increasing energy consumption by a factor of 10 to 200. Our attacks can also be used to delay decisions where a network has critical real-time performance, such as in perception for autonomous vehicles. We demonstrate the portability of our malicious inputs across CPUs and a variety of hardware accelerator chips including GPUs, and an ASIC simulator. We conclude by proposing a defense strategy which mitigates our attack by shifting the analysis of energy consumption in hardware from an average-case to a worst-case perspective.      
### 24.Artificial Intelligence-based Clinical Decision Support for COVID-19 -- Where Art Thou?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03434.pdf)
>  The COVID-19 crisis has brought about new clinical questions, new workflows, and accelerated distributed healthcare needs. While artificial intelligence (AI)-based clinical decision support seemed to have matured, the application of AI-based tools for COVID-19 has been limited to date. In this perspective piece, we identify opportunities and requirements for AI-based clinical decision support systems and highlight challenges that impact "AI readiness" for rapidly emergent healthcare challenges.      
### 25.Acoustic Anomaly Detection for Machine Sounds based on Image Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03429.pdf)
>  In industrial applications, the early detection of malfunctioning factory machinery is crucial. In this paper, we consider acoustic malfunction detection via transfer learning. Contrary to the majority of current approaches which are based on deep autoencoders, we propose to extract features using neural networks that were pretrained on the task of image classification. We then use these features to train a variety of anomaly detection models and show that this improves results compared to convolutional autoencoders in recordings of four different factory machines in noisy environments. Moreover, we find that features extracted from ResNet based networks yield better results than those from AlexNet and Squeezenet. In our setting, Gaussian Mixture Models and One-Class Support Vector Machines achieve the best anomaly detection performance.      
### 26.Detection of prostate cancer in whole-slide images through end-to-end training with image-level labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03394.pdf)
>  Prostate cancer is the most prevalent cancer among men in Western countries, with 1.1 million new diagnoses every year. The gold standard for the diagnosis of prostate cancer is a pathologists' evaluation of prostate tissue. <br>To potentially assist pathologists deep-learning-based cancer detection systems have been developed. Many of the state-of-the-art models are patch-based convolutional neural networks, as the use of entire scanned slides is hampered by memory limitations on accelerator cards. Patch-based systems typically require detailed, pixel-level annotations for effective training. However, such annotations are seldom readily available, in contrast to the clinical reports of pathologists, which contain slide-level labels. As such, developing algorithms which do not require manual pixel-wise annotations, but can learn using only the clinical report would be a significant advancement for the field. <br>In this paper, we propose to use a streaming implementation of convolutional layers, to train a modern CNN (ResNet-34) with 21 million parameters end-to-end on 4712 prostate biopsies. The method enables the use of entire biopsy images at high-resolution directly by reducing the GPU memory requirements by 2.4 TB. We show that modern CNNs, trained using our streaming approach, can extract meaningful features from high-resolution images without additional heuristics, reaching similar performance as state-of-the-art patch-based and multiple-instance learning methods. By circumventing the need for manual annotations, this approach can function as a blueprint for other tasks in histopathological diagnosis. <br>The source code to reproduce the streaming models is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DIAGNijmegen/pathology-streaming-pipeline" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 27.Structurally aware bidirectional unpaired image to image translation between CT and MR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03374.pdf)
>  Magnetic Resonance (MR) Imaging and Computed Tomography (CT) are the primary diagnostic imaging modalities quite frequently used for surgical planning and analysis. A general problem with medical imaging is that the acquisition process is quite expensive and time-consuming. Deep learning techniques like generative adversarial networks (GANs) can help us to leverage the possibility of an image to image translation between multiple imaging modalities, which in turn helps in saving time and cost. These techniques will help to conduct surgical planning under CT with the feedback of MRI information. While previous studies have shown paired and unpaired image synthesis from MR to CT, image synthesis from CT to MR still remains a challenge, since it involves the addition of extra tissue information. In this manuscript, we have implemented two different variations of Generative Adversarial Networks exploiting the cycling consistency and structural similarity between both CT and MR image modalities on a pelvis dataset, thus facilitating a bidirectional exchange of content and style between these image modalities. The proposed GANs translate the input medical images by different mechanisms, and hence generated images not only appears realistic but also performs well across various comparison metrics, and these images have also been cross verified with a radiologist. The radiologist verification has shown that slight variations in generated MR and CT images may not be exactly the same as their true counterpart but it can be used for medical purposes.      
### 28.Learning to Rank Learning Curves  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03361.pdf)
>  Many automated machine learning methods, such as those for hyperparameter and neural architecture optimization, are computationally expensive because they involve training many different model configurations. In this work, we present a new method that saves computational budget by terminating poor configurations early on in the training. In contrast to existing methods, we consider this task as a ranking and transfer learning problem. We qualitatively show that by optimizing a pairwise ranking loss and leveraging learning curves from other datasets, our model is able to effectively rank learning curves without having to observe many or very long learning curves. We further demonstrate that our method can be used to accelerate a neural architecture search by a factor of up to 100 without a significant performance degradation of the discovered architecture. In further experiments we analyze the quality of ranking, the influence of different model components as well as the predictive behavior of the model.      
### 29.Convolutional Neural Networks for Global Human Settlements Mapping from Sentinel-2 Satellite Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03267.pdf)
>  Spatially consistent and up-to-date maps of human settlements are crucial for addressing policies related to urbanization and sustainability especially in the era of an increasingly urbanized world. The availability of open and free Sentinel-2 data of the Copernicus Earth Observation programme offers a new opportunity for wall-to-wall mapping of human settlements at a global scale. This paper presents a deep-learning-based framework for a fully automated extraction of built-up areas at a spatial resolution of 10 meters from a global composite of Sentinel-2 imagery. A multi-neuro modelling methodology, building on a simple Convolution Neural Networks architecture for pixel-wise image classification of built-up areas is developed. The deployment of the model on the global Sentinel-2 image composite provides the most detailed and complete map reporting about built-up areas for reference year 2018. The validation of the results with an independent reference dataset of building footprints covering 277 sites across the world, establishes the reliability of the built-up layer produced by the proposed framework and the model robustness. The results of this study contribute to cutting-edge research in the field of automated built-up areas mapping from remote sensing data and establish a new reference layer for the analysis of the spatial distribution of human settlements across the rural-urban continuum      
### 30.Discovering Parametric Activation Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03179.pdf)
>  Recent studies have shown that the choice of activation function can significantly affect the performance of deep learning networks. However, the benefits of novel activation functions have been inconsistent and task-dependent, and therefore the rectified linear unit (ReLU) is still the most commonly used. This paper proposes a technique for customizing activation functions automatically, resulting in reliable improvements in performance. Evolutionary search is used to discover the general form of the function, and gradient descent to optimize its parameters for different parts of the network and over the learning process. Experiments with three different neural network architectures on the CIFAR-100 image classification dataset show that this approach is effective. It discovers different activation functions for different architectures, and consistently improves accuracy over ReLU and other recently proposed activation functions by significant margins. The approach can therefore be used as an automated optimization step in applying deep learning to new tasks.      
