# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 2 Jun 2020
### 1.DPDnet: A Robust People Detector using Deep Learning with an Overhead Depth Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.01053.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a method based on deep learning that detects multiple people from a single overhead depth image with high reliability. Our neural network, called DPDnet, is based on two fully-convolutional encoder-decoder neural blocks based on residual layers. The Main Block takes a depth image as input and generates a pixel-wise confidence map, where each detected person in the image is represented by a Gaussian-like distribution. The refinement block combines the depth image and the output from the main block, to refine the confidence map. Both blocks are simultaneously trained end-to-end using depth images and head position labels. The experimental work shows that DPDNet outperforms state-of-the-art methods, with accuracies greater than 99% in three different publicly available datasets, without retraining not fine-tuning. In addition, the computational complexity of our proposal is independent of the number of people in the scene and runs in real time using conventional GPUs.      
### 2.Deep Generation of Face Images from Sketches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.01047.pdf)
>  Recent deep image-to-image translation techniques allow fast generation of face images from freehand sketches. However, existing solutions tend to overfit to sketches, thus requiring professional sketches or even edge maps as input. To address this issue, our key idea is to implicitly model the shape space of plausible face images and synthesize a face image in this space to approximate an input sketch. We take a local-to-global approach. We first learn feature embeddings of key face components, and push corresponding parts of input sketches towards underlying component manifolds defined by the feature vectors of face component samples. We also propose another deep neural network to learn the mapping from the embedded component features to realistic images with multi-channel feature maps as intermediate results to improve the information flow. Our method essentially uses input sketches as soft constraints and is thus able to produce high-quality face images even from rough and/or incomplete sketches. Our tool is easy to use even for non-artists, while still supporting fine-grained control of shape details. Both qualitative and quantitative evaluations show the superior generation ability of our system to existing and alternative solutions. The usability and expressiveness of our system are confirmed by a user study.      
### 3.A Smooth Representation of Belief over SO(3) for Deep Rotation Learning with Uncertainty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.01031.pdf)
>  Accurate rotation estimation is at the heart of robot perception tasks such as visual odometry and object pose estimation. Deep neural networks have provided a new way to perform these tasks, and the choice of rotation representation is an important part of network design. In this work, we present a novel symmetric matrix representation of the 3D rotation group, SO(3), with two important properties that make it particularly suitable for learned models: (1) it satisfies a smoothness property that improves convergence and generalization when regressing large rotation targets, and (2) it encodes a symmetric Bingham belief over the space of unit quaternions, permitting the training of uncertainty-aware models. We empirically validate the benefits of our formulation by training deep neural rotation regressors on two data modalities. First, we use synthetic point-cloud data to show that our representation leads to superior predictive accuracy over existing representations for arbitrary rotation targets. Second, we use image data collected onboard ground and aerial vehicles to demonstrate that our representation is amenable to an effective out-of-distribution (OOD) rejection technique that significantly improves the robustness of rotation estimates to unseen environmental effects and corrupted input images, without requiring the use of an explicit likelihood loss, stochastic sampling, or an auxiliary classifier. This capability is key for safety-critical applications where detecting novel inputs can prevent catastrophic failure of learned models.      
### 4.GoodPoint: unsupervised learning of keypoint detection and description  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.01030.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a new algorithm for unsupervised learning of keypoint detectors and descriptors, which demonstrates fast convergence and good performance across different datasets. The training procedure uses homographic transformation of images. The proposed model learns to detect points and generate descriptors on pairs of transformed images, which are easy for it to distinguish and repeatedly detect. The trained model follows SuperPoint architecture for ease of comparison, and demonstrates similar performance on natural images from HPatches dataset, and better performance on retina images from Fundus Image Registration Dataset, which contain low number of corner-like features. For HPatches and other datasets, coverage was also computed to provide better estimation of model quality.      
### 5.One Versus all for deep Neural Network Incertitude (OVNNI) quantification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00954.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) are powerful learning models yet their results are not always reliable. This is due to the fact that modern DNNs are usually uncalibrated and we cannot characterize their epistemic uncertainty. In this work, we propose a new technique to quantify the epistemic uncertainty of data easily. This method consists in mixing the predictions of an ensemble of DNNs trained to classify One class vs All the other classes (OVA) with predictions from a standard DNN trained to perform All vs All (AVA) classification. On the one hand, the adjustment provided by the AVA DNN to the score of the base classifiers allows for a more fine-grained inter-class separation. On the other hand, the two types of classifiers enforce mutually their detection of out-of-distribution (OOD) samples, circumventing entirely the requirement of using such samples during training. Our method achieves state of the art performance in quantifying OOD data across multiple datasets and architectures while requiring little hyper-parameter tuning.      
### 6.Multimodal grid features and cell pointers for Scene Text Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00923.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new model for the task of scene text visual question answering, in which questions about a given image can only be answered by reading and understanding scene text that is present in it. The proposed model is based on an attention mechanism that attends to multi-modal features conditioned to the question, allowing it to reason jointly about the textual and visual modalities in the scene. The output weights of this attention module over the grid of multi-modal spatial features are interpreted as the probability that a certain spatial location of the image contains the answer text the to the given question. Our experiments demonstrate competitive performance in two standard datasets. Furthermore, this paper provides a novel analysis of the ST-VQA dataset based on a human performance study.      
### 7.Implementing AI-powered semantic character recognition in motor racing sports  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00904.pdf)
>  Oftentimes TV producers of motor-racing programs overlay visual and textual media to provide on-screen context about drivers, such as a driver's name, position or photo. Typically this is accomplished by a human producer who visually identifies the drivers on screen, manually toggling the contextual media associated to each one and coordinating with cameramen and other TV producers to keep the racer in the shot while the contextual media is on screen. This labor-intensive and highly dedicated process is mostly suited to static overlays and makes it difficult to overlay contextual information about many drivers at the same time in short shots. This paper presents a system that largely automates these tasks and enables dynamic overlays using deep learning to track the drivers as they move on screen, without human intervention. This system is not merely theoretical, but an implementation has already been deployed during live races by a TV production company at Formula E races. We present the challenges faced during the implementation and discuss the implications. Additionally, we cover future applications and roadmap of this new technological development.      
### 8.Bi-directional Exponential Angular Triplet Loss for RGB-Infrared Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00878.pdf)
>  RGB-Infrared person re-identification (RGB-IR Re-ID) is a cross-modality matching problem with promising applications in the dark environment. Most existing works use Euclidean metric based constraints to resolve the discrepancy between features of different modalities. However, these methods are incapable of learning angularly discriminative feature embedding because Euclidean distance cannot measure the included angle between embedding vectors effectively. As an angularly discriminative feature space is important for classifying the human images based on their embedding vectors, in this paper, we propose a novel ranking loss function, named Bi-directional Exponential Angular Triplet Loss, to help learn an angularly separable common feature space by explicitly constraining the included angles between embedding vectors. Moreover, to help stabilize and learn the magnitudes of embedding vectors, we adopt a common space batch normalization layer. Quantitative experiments on the SYSU-MM01 and RegDB dataset support our analysis. On SYSU-MM01 dataset, the performance is improved from 7.40%/11.46% to 38.57%/38.61% for rank-1 accuracy/mAP compared with the baseline. The proposed method can be generalized to the task of single-modality Re-ID and improves the rank-1 accuracy/mAP from 92.0%/81.7% to 94.7%/86.6% on the Market-1501 dataset, from 82.6%/70.6% to 87.6%/77.1% on the DukeMTMC-reID dataset.      
### 9.3D Lidar Mapping Relative Accuracy Automatic Evaluation Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00857.pdf)
>  HD (High Definition) map based on 3D lidar plays a vital role in autonomous vehicle localization, planning, decision-making, perception, etc. Many 3D lidar mapping technologies related to SLAM (Simultaneous Localization and Mapping) are used in HD map construction to ensure its high accuracy. To evaluate the accuracy of 3D lidar mapping, the most common methods use ground truth of poses to calculate the error between estimated poses and ground truth, however it's usually so difficult to get the ground truth of poses in the actual lidar mapping for autonomous vehicle. In this paper, we proposed a relative accuracy evaluation algorithm that can automatically evaluate the accuracy of HD map built by 3D lidar mapping without ground truth. A method for detecting the degree of ghosting in point cloud map quantitatively is designed to reflect the accuracy indirectly, which takes advantage of the principle of light traveling in a straight line and the fact that light can not penetrate opaque objects. Our experimental results confirm that the proposed evaluation algorithm can automatically and efficiently detect the bad poses whose accuracy are less than the set threshold such as 0.1m, then calculate the bad poses percentage P_bad in all estimated poses to obtain the final accuracy metric P_acc = 1 - P_bad.      
### 10.LFTag: A Scalable Visual Fiducial System with Low Spatial Frequency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00842.pdf)
>  Visual fiducial systems are a key component of many robotics and AR/VR applications for 6-DOF monocular relative pose estimation and target identification. This paper presents LFTag, a visual fiducial system based on topological detection and relative position data encoding which optimizes data density within spatial frequency constraints. The marker is constructed to resolve rotational ambiguity, which combined with the robust geometric and topological false positive rejection, allows all marker bits to be used for data. <br>When compared to existing state-of-the-art square binary markers (AprilTag) and topological markers (TopoTag) in simulation, the proposed fiducial system (LFTag) offers significant advances in dictionary size and range. LFTag 3x3 achieves 546 times the dictionary size of AprilTag 25h9 and LFTag 4x4 achieves 126 thousand times the dictionary size of AprilTag 41h12 while simultaneously achieving longer detection range. LFTag 3x3 also achieves more than twice the detection range of TopoTag 4x4 at the same dictionary size.      
### 11.Multi-scale Cloud Detection in Remote Sensing Images using a Dual Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00836.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation by convolutional neural networks (CNN) has advanced the state of the art in pixel-level classification of remote sensing images. However, processing large images typically requires analyzing the image in small patches, and hence features that have large spatial extent still cause challenges in tasks such as cloud masking. To support a wider scale of spatial features while simultaneously reducing computational requirements for large satellite images, we propose an architecture of two cascaded CNN model components successively processing undersampled and full resolution images. The first component distinguishes between patches in the inner cloud area from patches at the cloud's boundary region. For the cloud-ambiguous edge patches requiring further segmentation, the framework then delegates computation to a fine-grained model component. We apply the architecture to a cloud detection dataset of complete Sentinel-2 multispectral images, approximately annotated for minimal false negatives in a land use application. On this specific task and data, we achieve a 16\% relative improvement in pixel accuracy over a CNN baseline based on patching.      
### 12.Temporal Aggregate Representations for Long Term Video Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00830.pdf)
>  Future prediction requires reasoning from current and past observations and raises several fundamental questions. How much past information is necessary? What is a reasonable temporal scale to process the past? How much semantic abstraction is required? We address all of these questions with a flexible multi-granular temporal aggregation framework. We show that it is possible to achieve state-of-the-art results in both next action and dense anticipation using simple techniques such as max pooling and attention. To demonstrate the anticipation capabilities of our model, we conduct experiments on the Breakfast Actions, 50Salads and EPIC-Kitchens datasets where we achieve state-of-the-art or comparable results. We also show that our model can be used for temporal video segmentation and action recognition with minimal modifications.      
### 13.Thermal Object Detection using Domain Adaptation through Style Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00821.pdf)
>  A recent fatal accident of an autonomous vehicle opens a debate about the use of infrared technology in the sensor suite for autonomous driving to increase visibility for robust object detection. Thermal imaging has an advantage over lidar, radar, and camera because it can detect the heat difference emitted by objects in the infrared spectrum. In contrast, lidar and camera capture in the visible spectrum, and adverse weather conditions can impact their accuracy. The limitations of object detection in images from conventional imaging sensors can be catered to by thermal images. This paper presents a domain adaptation method for object detection in thermal images. We explore multiple ideas of domain adaption. First, a generative adversarial network is used to transfer the low-level features from the visible spectrum to the infrared spectrum domain through style consistency. Second, a cross-domain model with style consistency is used for object detection in the infrared spectrum by transferring the trained visible spectrum model. The proposed strategies are evaluated on publicly available thermal image datasets (FLIR ADAS and KAIST Multi-Spectral). We find that adapting the low-level features from the source domain to the target domain through domain adaptation increases in mean average precision by approximately 10%.      
### 14.Real-Time Face and Landmark Localization for Eyeblink Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00816.pdf)
>  Pavlovian eyeblink conditioning is a powerful experiment used in the field of neuroscience to measure multiple aspects of how we learn in our daily life. To track the movement of the eyelid during an experiment, researchers have traditionally made use of potentiometers or electromyography. More recently, the use of computer vision and image processing alleviated the need for these techniques but currently employed methods require human intervention and are not fast enough to enable real-time processing. In this work, a face- and landmark-detection algorithm have been carefully combined in order to provide fully automated eyelid tracking, and have further been accelerated to make the first crucial step towards online, closed-loop experiments. Such experiments have not been achieved so far and are expected to offer significant insights in the workings of neurological and psychiatric disorders. Based on an extensive literature search, various different algorithms for face detection and landmark detection have been analyzed and evaluated. Two algorithms were identified as most suitable for eyelid detection: the Histogram-of-Oriented-Gradients (HOG) algorithm for face detection and the Ensemble-of-Regression-Trees (ERT) algorithm for landmark detection. These two algorithms have been accelerated on GPU and CPU, achieving speedups of 1,753$\times$ and 11$\times$, respectively. To demonstrate the usefulness of our eyelid-detection algorithm, a research hypothesis was formed and a well-established neuroscientific experiment was employed: eyeblink detection. Our experimental evaluation reveals an overall application runtime of 0.533 ms per frame, which is 1,101$\times$ faster than the sequential implementation and well within the real-time requirements of eyeblink conditioning in humans, i.e. faster than 500 frames per second.      
### 15.Foreground-aware Semantic Representations for Image Harmonization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00809.pdf)
>  Image harmonization is an important step in photo editing to achieve visual consistency in composite images by adjusting the appearances of foreground to make it compatible with background. Previous approaches to harmonize composites are based on training of encoder-decoder networks from scratch, which makes it challenging for a neural network to learn a high-level representation of objects. We propose a novel architecture to utilize the space of high-level features learned by a pre-trained classification network. We create our models as a combination of existing encoder-decoder architectures and a pre-trained foreground-aware deep high-resolution network. We extensively evaluate the proposed method on existing image harmonization benchmark and set up a new state-of-the-art in terms of MSE and PSNR metrics. The code and trained models are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/saic-vul/image_harmonization" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 16.Transcription-Enriched Joint Embeddings for Spoken Descriptions of Images and Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00785.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose an effective approach for training unique embedding representations by combining three simultaneous modalities: image and spoken and textual narratives. The proposed methodology departs from a baseline system that spawns a embedding space trained with only spoken narratives and image cues. Our experiments on the EPIC-Kitchen and Places Audio Caption datasets show that introducing the human-generated textual transcriptions of the spoken narratives helps to the training procedure yielding to get better embedding representations. The triad speech, image and words allows for a better estimate of the point embedding and show an improving of the performance within tasks like image and speech retrieval, even when text third modality, text, is not present in the task.      
### 17.Structured Multimodal Attentions for TextVQA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00753.pdf)
>  Text based Visual Question Answering (TextVQA) is a recently raised challenge that requires a machine to read text in images and answer natural language questions by jointly reasoning over the question, Optical Character Recognition (OCR) tokens and visual content. Most of the state-of-the-art (SoTA) VQA methods fail to answer these questions because of i) poor text reading ability; ii) lacking of text-visual reasoning capacity; and iii) adopting a discriminative answering mechanism instead of a generative one which is hard to cover both OCR tokens and general text tokens in the final answer. In this paper, we propose a structured multimodal attention (SMA) neural network to solve the above issues. Our SMA first uses a structural graph representation to encode the object-object, object-text and text-text relationships appearing in the image, and then design a multimodal graph attention network to reason over it. Finally, the outputs from the above module are processed by a global-local attentional answering module to produce an answer that covers tokens from both OCR and general text iteratively. Our proposed model outperforms the SoTA models on TextVQA dataset and all three tasks of ST-VQA dataset. To provide an upper bound for our method and a fair testing base for further works, we also provide human-annotated ground-truth OCR annotations for the TextVQA dataset, which were not given in the original release.      
### 18.Global Distance-distributions Separation for Unsupervised Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00752.pdf)
>  Supervised person re-identification (ReID) often has poor scalability and usability in real-world deployments due to domain gaps and the lack of annotations for the target domain data. Unsupervised person ReID through domain adaptation is attractive yet challenging. Existing unsupervised ReID approaches often fail in correctly identifying the positive samples and negative samples through the distance-based matching/ranking. The two distributions of distances for positive sample pairs (Pos-distr) and negative sample pairs (Neg-distr) are often not well separated, having large overlap. To address this problem, we introduce a global distance-distributions separation (GDS) constraint over the two distributions to encourage the clear separation of positive and negative samples from a global view. We model the two global distance distributions as Gaussian distributions and push apart the two distributions while encouraging their sharpness in the unsupervised training process. Particularly, to model the distributions from a global view and facilitate the timely updating of the distributions and the GDS related losses, we leverage a momentum update mechanism for building and maintaining the distribution parameters (mean and variance) and calculate the loss on the fly during the training. Distribution-based hard mining is proposed to further promote the separation of the two distributions. We validate the effectiveness of the GDS constraint in unsupervised ReID networks. Extensive experiments on multiple ReID benchmark datasets show our method leads to significant improvement over the baselines and achieves the state-of-the-art performance.      
### 19.DeepMark++: CenterNet-based Clothing Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00710.pdf)
>  The single-stage approach for fast clothing detection as a modification of a multi-target network, CenterNet, is proposed in this paper. We introduce several powerful post-processing techniques that may be applied to increase the quality of keypoint localization tasks. The semantic keypoint grouping approach and post-processing techniques make it possible to achieve a state-of-the-art accuracy of 0.737 mAP for the bounding box detection task and 0.591 mAP for the landmark detection task on the DeepFashion2 validation dataset. We have also achieved the second place in the DeepFashion2 Challenge 2020 with 0.582 mAP on the test dataset. The proposed approach can also be used on low-power devices with relatively high accuracy without requiring any post-processing techniques.      
### 20.Symbol Spotting on Digital Architectural Floor Plans Using a Deep Learning-based Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00684.pdf)
>  This papers focuses on symbol spotting on real-world digital architectural floor plans with a deep learning (DL)-based framework. Traditional on-the-fly symbol spotting methods are unable to address the semantic challenge of graphical notation variability, i.e. low intra-class symbol similarity, an issue that is particularly important in architectural floor plan analysis. The presence of occlusion and clutter, characteristic of real-world plans, along with a varying graphical symbol complexity from almost trivial to highly complex, also pose challenges to existing spotting methods. In this paper, we address all of the above issues by leveraging recent advances in DL and adapting an object detection framework based on the You-Only-Look-Once (YOLO) architecture. We propose a training strategy based on tiles, avoiding many issues particular to DL-based object detection networks related to the relative small size of symbols compared to entire floor plans, aspect ratios, and data augmentation. Experiments on real-world floor plans demonstrate that our method successfully detects architectural symbols with low intra-class similarity and of variable graphical complexity, even in the presence of heavy occlusion and clutter. Additional experiments on the public SESYD dataset confirm that our proposed approach can deal with various degradation and noise levels and outperforms other symbol spotting methods.      
### 21.Review on 3D Lidar Localization for Autonomous Driving Cars  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00648.pdf)
>  LIDAR sensors are bound to become one the core sensors in achieving full autonomy for self driving cars. LIDARs are able to produce rich, dense and precise spatial data, which can tremendously help in localizing and tracking a moving vehicle. In this paper, we review the latest finding in 3D LIDAR localization for autonomous driving cars, and analyze the results obtained by each method, in an effort to guide the research community towards the path that seems to be the most promising.      
### 22.Automatic Building and Labeling of HD Maps with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00644.pdf)
>  In a world where autonomous driving cars are becoming increasingly more common, creating an adequate infrastructure for this new technology is essential. This includes building and labeling high-definition (HD) maps accurately and efficiently. Today, the process of creating HD maps requires a lot of human input, which takes time and is prone to errors. In this paper, we propose a novel method capable of generating labelled HD maps from raw sensor data. We implemented and tested our methods on several urban scenarios using data collected from our test vehicle. The results show that the pro-posed deep learning based method can produce highly accurate HD maps. This approach speeds up the process of building and labeling HD maps, which can make meaningful contribution to the deployment of autonomous vehicle.      
### 23.In the Eye of the Beholder: Gaze and Actions in First Person Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00626.pdf)
>  We address the task of jointly determining what a person is doing and where they are looking based on the analysis of video captured by a headworn camera. To facilitate our research, we first introduce the EGTEA Gaze+ dataset. Our dataset comes with videos, gaze tracking data, hand masks and action annotations, thereby providing the most comprehensive benchmark for First Person Vision (FPV). Moving beyond the dataset, we propose a novel deep model for joint gaze estimation and action recognition in FPV. Our method describes the participant's gaze as a probabilistic variable and models its distribution using stochastic units in a deep network. We further sample from these stochastic units, generating an attention map to guide the aggregation of visual features for action recognition. Our method is evaluated on our EGTEA Gaze+ dataset and achieves a performance level that exceeds the state-of-the-art by a significant margin. More importantly, we demonstrate that our model can be applied to larger scale FPV dataset---EPIC-Kitchens even without using gaze, offering new state-of-the-art results on FPV action recognition.      
### 24.A General-Purpose Dehazing Algorithm based on Local Contrast Enhancement Approaches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00568.pdf)
>  Dehazing is in the image processing and computer vision communities, the task of enhancing the image taken in foggy conditions. To better understand this type of algorithm, we present in this document a dehazing method which is suitable for several local contrast adjustment algorithms. We base it on two filters. The first filter is built with a step of normalization with some other statistical tricks while the last represents the local contrast improvement algorithm. Thus, it can work on both CPU and GPU for real-time applications. We hope that our approach will open the door to new ideas in the community. Other advantages of our method are first that it does not need to be trained, then it does not need additional optimization processing. Furthermore, it can be used as a pre-treatment or post-processing step in many vision tasks. In addition, it does not need to convert the problem into a physical interpretation, and finally that it is very fast. This family of defogging algorithms is fairly simple, but it shows promising results compared to state-of-the-art algorithms based not only on a visual assessment but also on objective criteria.      
### 25.Face Authentication from Grayscale Coded Light Field  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00473.pdf)
>  Face verification is a fast-growing authentication tool for everyday systems, such as smartphones. While current 2D face recognition methods are very accurate, it has been suggested recently that one may wish to add a 3D sensor to such solutions to make them more reliable and robust to spoofing, e.g., using a 2D print of a person's face. Yet, this requires an additional relatively expensive depth sensor. To mitigate this, we propose a novel authentication system, based on slim grayscale coded light field imaging. We provide a reconstruction free fast anti-spoofing mechanism, working directly on the coded image. It is followed by a multi-view, multi-modal face verification network that given grayscale data together with a low-res depth map achieves competitive results to the RGB case. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our solution on a simulated 3D (RGBD) version of LFW, which will be made public, and a set of real faces acquired by a light field computational camera.      
### 26.Exemplar-based Generative Facial Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00472.pdf)
>  Image synthesis has witnessed substantial progress due to the increasing power of generative model. This paper we propose a novel generative approach for exemplar based facial editing in the form of the region inpainting. Our method first masks the facial editing region to eliminates the pixel constraints of the original image, then exemplar based facial editing can be achieved by learning the corresponding information from the reference image to complete the masked region. In additional, we impose the attribute labels constraint to model disentangled encodings in order to avoid undesired information being transferred from the exemplar to the original image editing region. Experimental results demonstrate our method can produce diverse and personalized face editing results and provide far more user control flexibility than nearly all existing methods.      
### 27.End-to-End Change Detection for High Resolution Drone Images with GAN Architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00467.pdf)
>  Monitoring large areas is presently feasible with high resolution drone cameras, as opposed to time-consuming and expensive ground surveys. In this work we reveal for the first time, the potential of using a state-of-the-art change detection GAN based algorithm with high resolution drone images for infrastructure inspection. We demonstrate this concept on solar panel installation. A deep learning, data-driven algorithm for identifying changes based on a change detection deep learning algorithm was proposed. We use the Conditional Adversarial Network approach to present a framework for change detection in images. The proposed network architecture is based on pix2pix GAN framework. Extensive experimental results have shown that our proposed approach outperforms the other state-of-the-art change detection methods.      
### 28.Modified Segmentation Algorithm for Recognition of Older Geez Scripts Written on Vellum  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00465.pdf)
>  Recognition of handwritten document aims at transforming document images into a machine understandable format. Handwritten document recognition is the most challenging area in the field of pattern recognition. It becomes more complex when a document was written on vellum before hundreds of years, like older Geez scripts. In this study, we introduced a modified segmentation approach to recognize older Geez scripts. We used adaptive filtering for noise reduction, Isodata iterative global thresholding for document image binarization, modified bounding box projection to segment distinct strokes between Geez characters, numbers, and punctuation marks. SVM multiclass classifier scored 79.32% recognition accuracy with the modified segmentation algorithm.      
### 29.Fast Enhancement for Non-Uniform Illumination Images using Light-weight CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00439.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a new light-weight convolutional neural network (5k parameters) for non-uniform illumination image enhancement to handle color, exposure, contrast, noise and artifacts, etc., simultaneously and effectively. More concretely, the input image is first enhanced using Retinex model from dual different aspects (enhancing under-exposure and suppressing over-exposure), respectively. Then, these two enhanced results and the original image are fused to obtain an image with satisfactory brightness, contrast and details. Finally, the extra noise and compression artifacts are removed to get the final result. To train this network, we propose a semi-supervised retouching solution and construct a new dataset (82k images) contains various scenes and light conditions. Our model can enhance 0.5 mega-pixel (like 600*800) images in real time (50 fps), which is faster than existing enhancement methods. Extensive experiments show that our solution is fast and effective to deal with non-uniform illumination images.      
### 30.EBBINNOT: A Hardware Efficient Hybrid Event-Frame Tracker for Stationary Neuromorphic Vision Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00422.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a hybrid event-frame approach for detecting and tracking objects recorded by a stationary neuromorphic vision sensor (NVS) used in the application of traffic monitoring with a hardware efficient processing pipeline that optimizes memory and computational needs. The usage of NVS gives the advantage of rejecting background while it has a unique disadvantage of fragmented objects due to lack of events generated by smooth areas such as glass windows. To exploit the background removal, we propose an event based binary image (EBBI) creation that signals presence or absence of events in a frame duration. This reduces memory requirement and enables usage of simple algorithms like median filtering and connected component labeling (CCL) for denoise and region proposal (RP) respectively. To overcome the fragmentation issue, a YOLO inspired neural network based detector and classifier (NNDC) to merge fragmented region proposals has been proposed. Finally, a simplified version of Kalman filter, termed overlap based tracker (OT), exploiting overlap between detections and tracks is proposed with heuristics to overcome occlusion. <br>The proposed pipeline is evaluated using more than 5 hours of traffic recordings. Our proposed hybrid architecture outperformed (AUC = $0.45$) Deep learning (DL) based tracker SiamMask (AUC = $0.33$) operating on simultaneously recorded RGB frames while requiring $2200\times$ less computations. Compared to pure event based mean shift (AUC = $0.31$), our approach requires $68\times$ more computations but provides much better performance. Finally, we also evaluated our performance on two different NVS: DAVIS and CeleX and demonstrated similar gains. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report where an NVS based solution is directly compared to other simultaneously recorded frame based method and shows tremendous promise.      
### 31.Attribute-Induced Bias Eliminating for Transductive Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00412.pdf)
>  Transductive Zero-shot learning (ZSL) targets to recognize the unseen categories by aligning the visual and semantic information in a joint embedding space. There exist four kinds of domain biases in Transductive ZSL, i.e., visual bias and semantic bias between two domains and two visual-semantic biases in respective seen and unseen domains, but existing work only focuses on the part of them, which leads to severe semantic ambiguity during the knowledge transfer. To solve the above problem, we propose a novel Attribute-Induced Bias Eliminating (AIBE) module for Transductive ZSL. Specifically, for the visual bias between two domains, the Mean-Teacher module is first leveraged to bridge the visual representation discrepancy between two domains with unsupervised learning and unlabelled images. Then, an attentional graph attribute embedding is proposed to reduce the semantic bias between seen and unseen categories, which utilizes the graph operation to capture the semantic relationship between categories. Besides, to reduce the semantic-visual bias in the seen domain, we align the visual center of each category, instead of the individual visual data point, with the corresponding semantic attributes, which further preserves the semantic relationship in the embedding space. Finally, for the semantic-visual bias in the unseen domain, an unseen semantic alignment constraint is designed to align visual and semantic space in an unsupervised manner. The evaluations on several benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method, e.g., obtaining the 82.8%/75.5%, 97.1%/82.5%, and 73.2%/52.1% for Conventional/Generalized ZSL settings for CUB, AwA2, and SUN datasets, respectively.      
### 32.Entropy Decision Fusion for Smartphone Sensor based Human Activity Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00367.pdf)
>  Human activity recognition serves an important part in building continuous behavioral monitoring systems, which are deployable for visual surveillance, patient rehabilitation, gaming, and even personally inclined smart homes. This paper demonstrates our efforts to develop a collaborative decision fusion mechanism for integrating the predicted scores from multiple learning algorithms trained on smartphone sensor based human activity data. We present an approach for fusing convolutional neural network, recurrent convolutional network, and support vector machine by computing and fusing the relative weighted scores from each classifier based on Tsallis entropy to improve human activity recognition performance. To assess the suitability of this approach, experiments are conducted on two benchmark datasets, UCI-HAR and WISDM. The recognition results attained using the proposed approach are comparable to existing methods.      
### 33.Critical Assessment of Transfer Learning for Medical Image Segmentation with Fully Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00356.pdf)
>  Transfer learning is widely used for training machine learning models. Here, we study the role of transfer learning for training fully convolutional networks (FCNs) for medical image segmentation. Our experiments show that although transfer learning reduces the training time on the target task, the improvement in segmentation accuracy is highly task/data-dependent. Larger improvements in accuracy are observed when the segmentation task is more challenging and the target training data is smaller. We observe that convolutional filters of an FCN change little during training for medical image segmentation, and still look random at convergence. We further show that quite accurate FCNs can be built by freezing the encoder section of the network at random values and only training the decoder section. At least for medical image segmentation, this finding challenges the common belief that the encoder section needs to learn data/task-specific representations. We examine the evolution of FCN representations to gain a better insight into the effects of transfer learning on the training dynamics. Our analysis shows that although FCNs trained via transfer learning learn different representations than FCNs trained with random initialization, the variability among FCNs trained via transfer learning can be as high as that among FCNs trained with random initialization. Moreover, feature reuse is not restricted to the early encoder layers; rather, it can be more significant in deeper layers. These findings offer new insights and suggest alternative ways of training FCNs for medical image segmentation.      
### 34.Semi-Supervised Fine-Tuning for Deep Learning Models in Remote Sensing Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00345.pdf)
>  A combinatory approach of two well-known fields: deep learning and semi supervised learning is presented, to tackle the land cover identification problem. The proposed methodology demonstrates the impact on the performance of deep learning models, when SSL approaches are used as performance functions during training. Obtained results, at pixel level segmentation tasks over orthoimages, suggest that SSL enhanced loss functions can be beneficial in models' performance.      
### 35.SDCT-AuxNet$^θ$: DCT Augmented Stain Deconvolutional CNN with Auxiliary Classifier for Cancer Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00304.pdf)
>  Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) is a pervasive pediatric white blood cell cancer across the globe. With the popularity of convolutional neural networks (CNNs), computer-aided diagnosis of cancer has attracted considerable attention. Such tools are easily deployable and are cost-effective. Hence, these can enable extensive coverage of cancer diagnostic facilities. However, the development of such a tool for ALL cancer was challenging so far due to the non-availability of a large training dataset. The visual similarity between the malignant and normal cells adds to the complexity of the problem. This paper discusses the recent release of a large dataset and presents a novel deep learning architecture for the classification of cell images of ALL cancer. The proposed architecture, namely, SDCT-AuxNet$^{\theta}$ is a 2-module framework that utilizes a compact CNN as the main classifier in one module and a Kernel SVM as the auxiliary classifier in the other one. While CNN classifier uses features through bilinear-pooling, spectral-averaged features are used by the auxiliary classifier. Further, this CNN is trained on the stain deconvolved quantity images in the optical density domain instead of the conventional RGB images. A novel test strategy is proposed that exploits both the classifiers for decision making using the confidence scores of their predicted class labels. Elaborate experiments have been carried out on our recently released public dataset of 15114 images of ALL cancer and healthy cells to establish the validity of the proposed methodology that is also robust to subject-level variability. A weighted F1 score of 94.8$\%$ is obtained that is best so far on this challenging dataset.      
### 36.Super-BPD: Super Boundary-to-Pixel Direction for Fast Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00303.pdf)
>  Image segmentation is a fundamental vision task and a crucial step for many applications. In this paper, we propose a fast image segmentation method based on a novel super boundary-to-pixel direction (super-BPD) and a customized segmentation algorithm with super-BPD. Precisely, we define BPD on each pixel as a two-dimensional unit vector pointing from its nearest boundary to the pixel. In the BPD, nearby pixels from different regions have opposite directions departing from each other, and adjacent pixels in the same region have directions pointing to the other or each other (i.e., around medial points). We make use of such property to partition an image into super-BPDs, which are novel informative superpixels with robust direction similarity for fast grouping into segmentation regions. Extensive experimental results on BSDS500 and Pascal Context demonstrate the accuracy and efficency of the proposed super-BPD in segmenting images. In practice, the proposed super-BPD achieves comparable or superior performance with MCG while running at ~25fps vs. 0.07fps. Super-BPD also exhibits a noteworthy transferability to unseen scenes. The code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JianqiangWan/Super-BPD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 37.Positron Emission Tomography (PET) image enhancement using a gradient vector orientation based nonlinear diffusion filter (GVOF) for accurate quantitation of radioactivity concentration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00273.pdf)
>  To accurately quantify in vivo radiotracer uptake using Positron Emission Tomography (PET) is a challenging task due to low signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) and poor spatial resolution of PET camera along with the finite image sampling constraint. Furthermore, inter lesion variations of the SNR and contrast along with the variations in size of the lesion make the quantitation even more difficult. One of the ways to improve the quantitation is via post reconstruction filtering with Gaussian Filter (GF). Edge preserving Bilateral Filter (BF) and Nonlinear Diffusion Filter (NDF) are the alternatives to GF that can improve the SNR without degrading the image resolution. However, the performance of these edge preserving methods are only optimum for high count and low noise cases. A novel parameter free gradient vector orientation based nonlinear diffusion filter (GVOF) is proposed in this paper that is insensitive to statistical fluctuations (e. g., SNR, contrast, size etc.). GVOF method applied on the PET images collected with the NEMA phantom with varying levels of contrast and noise reveals that the GVOF method provides the highest SNR, CNR (contrast-to-noise ratio) and resolution compared to the original and other filtered images. The percentage bias in estimating the maximum activity representing SUVmax (Maximum Standardized Uptake Value) for the spheres with diameter &gt; 2cm where the partial volume effects (PVE) is negligible is the lowest for the GVOF method. The GVOF method also improves the maximum intensity reproducibility. Robustness of the GVOF against variation in sizes, contrast levels and SNR makes it a suitable post filtering method for both accurate diagnosis and response assessment. Furthermore, its capability to provide accurate quantitative measurements irrespective of the SNR, it can also be effective in reduction of radioactivity dose.      
### 38.Is Depth Really Necessary for Salient Object Detection?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00269.pdf)
>  Salient object detection (SOD) is a crucial and preliminary task for many computer vision applications, which have made progress with deep CNNs. Most of the existing methods mainly rely on the RGB information to distinguish the salient objects, which faces difficulties in some complex scenarios. To solve this, many recent RGBD-based networks are proposed by adopting the depth map as an independent input and fuse the features with RGB information. Taking the advantages of RGB and RGBD methods, we propose a novel depth-aware salient object detection framework, which has following superior designs: 1) It only takes the depth information as training data while only relies on RGB information in the testing phase. 2) It comprehensively optimizes SOD features with multi-level depth-aware regularizations. 3) The depth information also serves as error-weighted map to correct the segmentation process. With these insightful designs combined, we make the first attempt in realizing an unified depth-aware framework with only RGB information as input for inference, which not only surpasses the state-of-the-art performances on five public RGB SOD benchmarks, but also surpasses the RGBD-based methods on five benchmarks by a large margin, while adopting less information and implementation light-weighted. The code and model will be publicly available.      
### 39.Web page classification with Google Image Search results  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00226.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a novel method that combines multiple neural network results to decide the class of the input. In our model, each element is represented by multiple descriptive images. After the training process of the neural network model, each element is classified by calculating its descriptive image results. We apply our idea to the web page classification problem using Google Image Search results as descriptive images. We obtained a classification rate of 94.90% on the WebScreenshots dataset that contains 20000 web sites in 4 classes. The method is easily applicable to similar problems.      
### 40.Self-adaptive Re-weighted Adversarial Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00223.pdf)
>  Existing adversarial domain adaptation methods mainly consider the marginal distribution and these methods may lead to either under transfer or negative transfer. To address this problem, we present a self-adaptive re-weighted adversarial domain adaptation approach, which tries to enhance domain alignment from the perspective of conditional distribution. In order to promote positive transfer and combat negative transfer, we reduce the weight of the adversarial loss for aligned features while increasing the adversarial force for those poorly aligned measured by the conditional entropy. Additionally, triplet loss leveraging source samples and pseudo-labeled target samples is employed on the confusing domain. Such metric loss ensures the distance of the intra-class sample pairs closer than the inter-class pairs to achieve the class-level alignment. In this way, the high accurate pseudolabeled target samples and semantic alignment can be captured simultaneously in the co-training process. Our method achieved low joint error of the ideal source and target hypothesis. The expected target error can then be upper bounded following Ben-David's theorem. Empirical evidence demonstrates that the proposed model outperforms state of the arts on standard domain adaptation datasets.      
### 41.Complex Sequential Understanding through the Awareness of Spatial and Temporal Concepts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00212.pdf)
>  Understanding sequential information is a fundamental task for artificial intelligence. Current neural networks attempt to learn spatial and temporal information as a whole, limited their abilities to represent large scale spatial representations over long-range sequences. Here, we introduce a new modeling strategy called Semi-Coupled Structure (SCS), which consists of deep neural networks that decouple the complex spatial and temporal concepts learning. Semi-Coupled Structure can learn to implicitly separate input information into independent parts and process these parts respectively. Experiments demonstrate that a Semi-Coupled Structure can successfully annotate the outline of an object in images sequentially and perform video action recognition. For sequence-to-sequence problems, a Semi-Coupled Structure can predict future meteorological radar echo images based on observed images. Taken together, our results demonstrate that a Semi-Coupled Structure has the capacity to improve the performance of LSTM-like models on large scale sequential tasks.      
### 42.Attention-Guided Discriminative Region Localization for Bone Age Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00202.pdf)
>  Bone age assessment (BAA) is clinically important as it can be used to diagnose endocrine and metabolic disorders during child development. Existing deep learning based methods for classifying bone age generally use the global image as input, or exploit local information by annotating extra bounding boxes or key points. Training with the global image underutilizes discriminative local information, while providing extra annotations is expensive and subjective. In this paper, we propose an attention-guided approach to automatically localize the discriminative regions for BAA without any extra annotations. Specifically, we first train a classification model to learn the attention heat maps of the discriminative regions, finding the hand region, the most discriminative region (the carpal bones), and the next most discriminative region (the metacarpal bones). We then crop these informative local regions from the original image and aggregate different regions for bone age regression. Extensive comparison experiments are conducted on the RSNA pediatric bone age data set. Using no training annotations, our method achieves competitive results compared with existing state-of-the-art semi-automatic deep learning-based methods that require manual annotation. codes are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/chenchao666/Bone-Age-Assessment" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 43.OPAL-Net: A Generative Model for Part-based Object Layout Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00190.pdf)
>  We propose OPAL-Net, a novel hierarchical architecture for part-based layout generation of objects from multiple categories using a single unified model. We adopt a coarse-to-fine strategy involving semantically conditioned autoregressive generation of bounding box layouts and pixel-level part layouts for objects. We use Graph Convolutional Networks, Deep Recurrent Networks along with custom-designed Conditional Variational Autoencoders to enable flexible, diverse and category-aware generation of object layouts. We train OPAL-Net on PASCAL-Parts dataset. The generated samples and corresponding evaluation scores demonstrate the versatility of OPAL-Net compared to ablative variants and baselines.      
### 44.An Efficient Planar Bundle Adjustment Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00187.pdf)
>  This paper presents an efficient algorithm for the least-squares problem using the point-to-plane cost, which aims to jointly optimize depth sensor poses and plane parameters for 3D reconstruction. We call this least-squares problem \textbf{Planar Bundle Adjustment} (PBA), due to the similarity between this problem and the original Bundle Adjustment (BA) in visual reconstruction. As planes ubiquitously exist in the man-made environment, they are generally used as landmarks in SLAM algorithms for various depth sensors. PBA is important to reduce drift and improve the quality of the map. However, directly adopting the well-established BA framework in visual reconstruction will result in a very inefficient solution for PBA. This is because a 3D point only has one observation at a camera pose. In contrast, a depth sensor can record hundreds of points in a plane at a time, which results in a very large nonlinear least-squares problem even for a small-scale space. Fortunately, we find that there exist a special structure of the PBA problem. We introduce a reduced Jacobian matrix and a reduced residual vector, and prove that they can replace the original Jacobian matrix and residual vector in the generally adopted Levenberg-Marquardt (LM) algorithm. This significantly reduces the computational cost. Besides, when planes are combined with other features for 3D reconstruction, the reduced Jacobian matrix and residual vector can also replace the corresponding parts derived from planes. Our experimental results verify that our algorithm can significantly reduce the computational time compared to the solution using the traditional BA framework. Besides, our algorithm is faster, more accuracy, and more robust to initialization errors compared to the start-of-the-art solution using the plane-to-plane cost      
### 45.When2com: Multi-Agent Perception via Communication Graph Grouping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00176.pdf)
>  While significant advances have been made for single-agent perception, many applications require multiple sensing agents and cross-agent communication due to benefits such as coverage and robustness. It is therefore critical to develop frameworks which support multi-agent collaborative perception in a distributed and bandwidth-efficient manner. In this paper, we address the collaborative perception problem, where one agent is required to perform a perception task and can communicate and share information with other agents on the same task. Specifically, we propose a communication framework by learning both to construct communication groups and decide when to communicate. We demonstrate the generalizability of our framework on two different perception tasks and show that it significantly reduces communication bandwidth while maintaining superior performance.      
### 46.Retrieval of Family Members Using Siamese Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00174.pdf)
>  Retrieval of family members in the wild aims at finding family members of the given subject in the dataset, which is useful in finding the lost children and analyzing the kinship. However, due to the diversity in age, gender, pose and illumination of the collected data, this task is always challenging. To solve this problem, we propose our solution with deep Siamese neural network. Our solution can be divided into two parts: similarity computation and ranking. In training procedure, the Siamese network firstly takes two candidate images as input and produces two feature vectors. And then, the similarity between the two vectors is computed with several fully connected layers. While in inference procedure, we try another similarity computing method by dropping the followed several fully connected layers and directly computing the cosine similarity of the two feature vectors. After similarity computation, we use the ranking algorithm to merge the similarity scores with the same identity and output the ordered list according to their similarities. To gain further improvement, we try different combinations of backbones, training methods and similarity computing methods. Finally, we submit the best combination as our solution and our team(ustc-nelslip) obtains favorable result in the track3 of the RFIW2020 challenge with the first runner-up, which verifies the effectiveness of our method. Our code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gniknoil/FG2020-kinship" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 47.Joint Person Objectness and Repulsion for Person Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00155.pdf)
>  Person search targets to search the probe person from the unconstrainted scene images, which can be treated as the combination of person detection and person matching. However, the existing methods based on the Detection-Matching framework ignore the person objectness and repulsion (OR) which are both beneficial to reduce the effect of distractor images. In this paper, we propose an OR similarity by jointly considering the objectness and repulsion information. Besides the traditional visual similarity term, the OR similarity also contains an objectness term and a repulsion term. The objectness term can reduce the similarity of distractor images that not contain a person and boost the performance of person search by improving the ranking of positive samples. Because the probe person has a different person ID with its \emph{neighbors}, the gallery images having a higher similarity with the \emph{neighbors of probe} should have a lower similarity with the probe person. Based on this repulsion constraint, the repulsion term is proposed to reduce the similarity of distractor images that are not most similar to the probe person. Treating the Faster R-CNN as the person detector, the OR similarity is evaluated on PRW and CUHK-SYSU datasets by the Detection-Matching framework with six description models. The extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed OR similarity can effectively reduce the similarity of distractor samples and further boost the performance of person search, e.g., improve the mAP from 92.32% to 93.23% for CUHK-SYSY dataset, and from 50.91% to 52.30% for PRW datasets.      
### 48.Challenge report: Recognizing Families In the Wild Data Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00154.pdf)
>  This paper is a brief report to our submission to the Recognizing Families In the Wild Data Challenge (4th Edition), in conjunction with FG 2020 Forum. Automatic kinship recognition has attracted many researchers' attention for its full application, but it is still a very challenging task because of the limited information that can be used to determine whether a pair of faces are blood relatives or not. In this paper, we studied previous methods and proposed our method. We try many methods, like deep metric learning-based, to extract deep embedding feature for every image, then determine if they are blood relatives by Euclidean distance or method based on classes. Finally, we find some tricks like sampling more negative samples and high resolution that can help get better performance. Moreover, we proposed a symmetric network with a binary classification based method to get our best score in all tasks.      
### 49.Deep Fusion Siamese Network for Automatic Kinship Verification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00143.pdf)
>  Automatic kinship verification aims to determine whether some individuals belong to the same family. It is of great research significance to help missing persons reunite with their families. In this work, the challenging problem is progressively addressed in two respects. First, we propose a deep siamese network to quantify the relative similarity between two individuals. When given two input face images, the deep siamese network extracts the features from them and fuses these features by combining and concatenating. Then, the fused features are fed into a fully-connected network to obtain the similarity score between two faces, which is used to verify the kinship. To improve the performance, a jury system is also employed for multi-model fusion. Second, two deep siamese networks are integrated into a deep triplet network for tri-subject (i.e., father, mother and child) kinship verification, which is intended to decide whether a child is related to a pair of parents or not. Specifically, the obtained similarity scores of father-child and mother-child are weighted to generate the parent-child similarity score for kinship verification. Recognizing Families In the Wild (RFIW) is a challenging kinship recognition task with multiple tracks, which is based on Families in the Wild (FIW), a large-scale and comprehensive image database for automatic kinship recognition. The Kinship Verification (track I) and Tri-Subject Verification (track II) are supported during the ongoing RFIW2020 Challenge. Our team (ustc-nelslip) ranked 1st in track II, and 3rd in track I. The code is available at {\color{blue}<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gniknoil/FG2020-kinship" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 50.Automated Neuron Shape Analysis from Electron Microscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00100.pdf)
>  Morphology based analysis of cell types has been an area of great interest to the neuroscience community for several decades. Recently, high resolution electron microscopy (EM) datasets of the mouse brain have opened up opportunities for data analysis at a level of detail that was previously impossible. These datasets are very large in nature and thus, manual analysis is not a practical solution. Of particular interest are details to the level of post synaptic structures. This paper proposes a fully automated framework for analysis of post-synaptic structure based neuron analysis from EM data. The processing framework involves shape extraction, representation with an autoencoder, and whole cell modeling and analysis based on shape distributions. We apply our novel framework on a dataset of 1031 neurons obtained from imaging a 1mm x 1mm x 40 micrometer volume of the mouse visual cortex and show the strength of our method in clustering and classification of neuronal shapes.      
### 51.Anatomical Predictions using Subject-Specific Medical Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00090.pdf)
>  Changes over time in brain anatomy can provide important insight for treatment design or scientific analyses. We present a method that predicts how a brain MRI for an individual will change over time. We model changes using a diffeomorphic deformation field that we predict using function using convolutional neural networks. Given a predicted deformation field, a baseline scan can be warped to give a prediction of the brain scan at a future time. We demonstrate the method using the ADNI cohort, and analyze how performance is affected by model variants and the subject-specific information provided. We show that the model provides good predictions and that external clinical data can improve predictions.      
### 52.Automated Measurements of Key Morphological Features of Human Embryos for IVF  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00067.pdf)
>  A major challenge in clinical In-Vitro Fertilization (IVF) is selecting the highest quality embryo to transfer to the patient in the hopes of achieving a pregnancy. Time-lapse microscopy provides clinicians with a wealth of information for selecting embryos. However, the resulting movies of embryos are currently analyzed manually, which is time consuming and subjective. Here, we automate feature extraction of time-lapse microscopy of human embryos with a machine-learning pipeline of five convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Our pipeline consists of (1) semantic segmentation of the regions of the embryo, (2) regression predictions of fragment severity, (3) classification of the developmental stage, and object instance segmentation of (4) cells and (5) pronuclei. Our approach greatly speeds up the measurement of quantitative, biologically relevant features that may aid in embryo selection.      
### 53.Assessing the validity of saliency maps for abnormality localization in medical imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00063.pdf)
>  Saliency maps have become a widely used method to assess which areas of the input image are most pertinent to the prediction of a trained neural network. However, in the context of medical imaging, there is no study to our knowledge that has examined the efficacy of these techniques and quantified them using overlap with ground truth bounding boxes. In this work, we explored the credibility of the various existing saliency map methods on the RSNA Pneumonia dataset. We found that GradCAM was the most sensitive to model parameter and label randomization, and was highly agnostic to model architecture.      
### 54.PlenoptiSign: an optical design tool for plenoptic imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.01015.pdf)
>  Plenoptic imaging enables a light-field to be captured by a single monocular objective lens and an array of micro lenses attached to an image sensor. Metric distances of the light-field's depth planes remain unapparent prior to acquisition. Recent research showed that sampled depth locations rely on the parameters of the system's optical components. This paper presents PlenoptiSign, which implements these findings as a Python software package to help assist in an experimental or prototyping stage of a plenoptic system.      
### 55.An Online Platform for Automatic Skull Defect Restoration and Cranial Implant Design  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00980.pdf)
>  We introduce a fully automatic system for cranial implant design, a common task in cranioplasty operations. The system is currently integrated in Studierfenster (<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://studierfenster.tugraz.at/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>), an online, cloud-based medical image processing platform for medical imaging applications. Enhanced by deep learning algorithms, the system automatically restores the missing part of a skull (i.e., skull shape completion) and generates the desired implant by subtracting the defective skull from the completed skull. The generated implant can be downloaded in the STereoLithography (.stl) format directly via the browser interface of the system. The implant model can then be sent to a 3D printer for in loco implant manufacturing. Furthermore, thanks to the standard format, the user can thereafter load the model into another application for post-processing whenever necessary. Such an automatic cranial implant design system can be integrated into the clinical practice to improve the current routine for surgeries related to skull defect repair (e.g., cranioplasty). Our system, although currently intended for educational and research use only, can be seen as an application of additive manufacturing for fast, patient-specific implant design.      
### 56.Reducing the X-ray radiation exposure frequency in cardio-angiography via deep-learning based video interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00781.pdf)
>  Cardiac coronary angiography is a major technology to assist doctors during cardiac interventional surgeries. Under the exposure of X-ray radiation, doctors inject contrast agents through catheters to determine the position and status of coronary vessels in real time. To get a coronary angiography video with a high frame rate, the doctor needs to increase the exposure frequency and intensity of the X-ray. This will inevitably increase the X-ray harm to both patients and surgeons. In this work, we innovatively utilize a deep-learning based video interpolation algorithm to interpolate coronary angiography videos. Moreover, we establish a new coronary angiography image dataset ,which contains 95,039 triplets images to retrain the video interpolation network model. Using the retrained network we synthesize high frame rate coronary angiography video from the low frame rate coronary angiography video. The average peak signal to noise ratio(PSNR) of those synthesized video frames reaches 34dB. Extensive experiment results demonstrate the feasibility of using the video frame interpolation algorithm to synthesize continuous and clear high frame rate coronary angiography video. With the help of this technology, doctors can significantly reduce exposure frequency and intensity of the X-ray during coronary angiography.      
### 57.Residual Squeeze-and-Excitation Network for Fast Image Deraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00757.pdf)
>  Image deraining is an important image processing task as rain streaks not only severely degrade the visual quality of images but also significantly affect the performance of high-level vision tasks. Traditional methods progressively remove rain streaks via different recurrent neural networks. However, these methods fail to yield plausible rain-free images in an efficient manner. In this paper, we propose a residual squeeze-and-excitation network called RSEN for fast image deraining as well as superior deraining performance compared with state-of-the-art approaches. Specifically, RSEN adopts a lightweight encoder-decoder architecture to conduct rain removal in one stage. Besides, both encoder and decoder adopt a novel residual squeeze-and-excitation block as the core of feature extraction, which contains a residual block for producing hierarchical features, followed by a squeeze-and-excitation block for channel-wisely enhancing the resulted hierarchical features. Experimental results demonstrate that our method can not only considerably reduce the computational complexity but also significantly improve the deraining performance compared with state-of-the-art methods.      
### 58.Automatic classification between COVID-19 pneumonia, non-COVID-19 pneumonia, and the healthy on chest X-ray image: combination of data augmentation methods in a small dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00730.pdf)
>  Purpose: To develop and validate computer-aided diagnosis (CXDx) system for classification between COVID-19 pneumonia, non-COVID-19 pneumonia, and the healthy on chest X-ray (CXR) images. Because CXR datasets related with COVID-19 were small, transfer learning with pretrained models and combination of data augmentation methods were used to improve accuracy and robustness of the CADx system. <br>Materials and Methods: From two public datasets, 1248 CXR images were obtained, which included 215, 533, and 500 CXR images of COVID-19 pneumonia, non-COVID-19 pneumonia, and the healthy. The proposed CADx system utilized VGG16 as a pretrained model and combination of conventional method and mixup as data augmentation methods. Other types of pretrained models were used for comparison with the VGG16-based model. In addition, single type or no data augmentation methods were also evaluated. Splitting of training/validation/test sets was used when building and evaluating the CADx system. Three-category accuracy was evaluated for test set with 125 CXR images. <br>Results: The three-category accuracy of the CAD system was 83.6% between COVID-19 pneumonia, non-COVID-19 pneumonia, and the healthy. In addition, sensitivity of COVID-19 pneumonia was more than 90%. The combination of conventional method and mixup was more useful than single type or no data augmentation methods. <br>Conclusions: It was possible to build the accurate CADx system for the 3-category classification of COVID-19 pneumonia, non-COVID-19 pneumonia, and the healthy.      
### 59.Using Generative Models for Pediatric wbMRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00727.pdf)
>  Early detection of cancer is key to a good prognosis and requires frequent testing, especially in pediatrics. Whole-body magnetic resonance imaging (wbMRI) is an essential part of several well-established screening protocols, with screening starting in early childhood. To date, machine learning (ML) has been used on wbMRI images to stage adult cancer patients. It is not possible to use such tools in pediatrics due to the changing bone signal throughout growth, the difficulty of obtaining these images in young children due to movement and limited compliance, and the rarity of positive cases. We evaluate the quality of wbMRI images generated using generative adversarial networks (GANs) trained on wbMRI data from The Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto. We use the Frchet Inception Distance (FID) metric, Domain Frchet Distance (DFD), and blind tests with a radiology fellow for evaluation. We demonstrate that StyleGAN2 provides the best performance in generating wbMRI images with respect to all three metrics.      
### 60.A multimodal approach for multi-label movie genre classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00654.pdf)
>  Movie genre classification is a challenging task that has increasingly attracted the attention of researchers. In this paper, we addressed the multi-label classification of the movie genres in a multimodal way. For this purpose, we created a dataset composed of trailer video clips, subtitles, synopses, and movie posters taken from 152,622 movie titles from The Movie Database. The dataset was carefully curated and organized, and it was also made available as a contribution of this work. Each movie of the dataset was labeled according to a set of eighteen genre labels. We extracted features from these data using different kinds of descriptors, namely Mel Frequency Cepstral Coefficients, Statistical Spectrum Descriptor , Local Binary Pattern with spectrograms, Long-Short Term Memory, and Convolutional Neural Networks. The descriptors were evaluated using different classifiers, such as BinaryRelevance and ML-kNN. We have also investigated the performance of the combination of different classifiers/features using a late fusion strategy, which obtained encouraging results. Based on the F-Score metric, our best result, 0.628, was obtained by the fusion of a classifier created using LSTM on the synopses, and a classifier created using CNN on movie trailer frames. When considering the AUC-PR metric, the best result, 0.673, was also achieved by combining those representations, but in addition, a classifier based on LSTM created from the subtitles was used. These results corroborate the existence of complementarity among classifiers based on different sources of information in this field of application. As far as we know, this is the most comprehensive study developed in terms of the diversity of multimedia sources of information to perform movie genre classification.      
### 61.Limited-angle CT reconstruction via the L1/L2 minimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00601.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider minimizing the L1/L2 term on the gradient for a limit-angle scanning problem in computed tomography (CT) reconstruction. We design a splitting framework for both constrained and unconstrained optimization models. In addition, we can incorporate a box constraint that is reasonable for imaging applications. Numerical schemes are based on the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM), and we provide the convergence analysis of all the proposed algorithms (constrained/unconstrained and with/without the box constraint). Experimental results demonstrate the efficiency of our proposed approaches, showing significant improvements over the state-of-the-art methods in the limit-angle CT reconstruction. Specifically worth noticing is an exact recovery of the Shepp-Logan phantom from noiseless projection data with 30 scanning angle.      
### 62.Motion2Vec: Semi-Supervised Representation Learning from Surgical Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00545.pdf)
>  Learning meaningful visual representations in an embedding space can facilitate generalization in downstream tasks such as action segmentation and imitation. In this paper, we learn a motion-centric representation of surgical video demonstrations by grouping them into action segments/sub-goals/options in a semi-supervised manner. We present Motion2Vec, an algorithm that learns a deep embedding feature space from video observations by minimizing a metric learning loss in a Siamese network: images from the same action segment are pulled together while pushed away from randomly sampled images of other segments, while respecting the temporal ordering of the images. The embeddings are iteratively segmented with a recurrent neural network for a given parametrization of the embedding space after pre-training the Siamese network. We only use a small set of labeled video segments to semantically align the embedding space and assign pseudo-labels to the remaining unlabeled data by inference on the learned model parameters. We demonstrate the use of this representation to imitate surgical suturing motions from publicly available videos of the JIGSAWS dataset. Results give 85.5 % segmentation accuracy on average suggesting performance improvement over several state-of-the-art baselines, while kinematic pose imitation gives 0.94 centimeter error in position per observation on the test set. Videos, code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/motion2vec" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 63.Pseudo-Representation Labeling Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00429.pdf)
>  In recent years, semi-supervised learning (SSL) has shown tremendous success in leveraging unlabeled data to improve the performance of deep learning models, which significantly reduces the demand for large amounts of labeled data. Many SSL techniques have been proposed and have shown promising performance on famous datasets such as ImageNet and CIFAR-10. However, some exiting techniques (especially data augmentation based) are not suitable for industrial applications empirically. Therefore, this work proposes the pseudo-representation labeling, a simple and flexible framework that utilizes pseudo-labeling techniques to iteratively label a small amount of unlabeled data and use them as training data. In addition, our framework is integrated with self-supervised representation learning such that the classifier gains benefits from representation learning of both labeled and unlabeled data. This framework can be implemented without being limited at the specific model structure, but a general technique to improve the existing model. Compared with the existing approaches, the pseudo-representation labeling is more intuitive and can effectively solve practical problems in the real world. Empirically, it outperforms the current state-of-the-art semi-supervised learning methods in industrial types of classification problems such as the WM-811K wafer map and the MIT-BIH Arrhythmia dataset.      
### 64.DC-UNet: Rethinking the U-Net Architecture with Dual Channel Efficient CNN for Medical Images Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00414.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning has become much more popular in computer vision area. The Convolution Neural Network (CNN) has brought a breakthrough in images segmentation areas, especially, for medical images. In this regard, U-Net is the predominant approach to medical image segmentation task. The U-Net not only performs well in segmenting multimodal medical images generally, but also in some tough cases of them. However, we found that the classical U-Net architecture has limitation in several aspects. Therefore, we applied modifications: 1) designed efficient CNN architecture to replace encoder and decoder, 2) applied residual module to replace skip connection between encoder and decoder to improve based on the-state-of-the-art U-Net model. Following these modifications, we designed a novel architecture--DC-UNet, as a potential successor to the U-Net architecture. We created a new effective CNN architecture and build the DC-UNet based on this CNN. We have evaluated our model on three datasets with tough cases and have obtained a relative improvement in performance of 2.90%, 1.49% and 11.42% respectively compared with classical U-Net. In addition, we used the Tanimoto similarity to replace the Jaccard similarity for gray-to-gray image comparisons.      
### 65.Probabilistic self-learning framework for Low-dose CT Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00327.pdf)
>  Despite the indispensable role of X-ray computed tomography (CT) in diagnostic medicine field, the associated ionizing radiation is still a major concern considering that it may cause genetic and cancerous diseases. Decreasing the exposure can reduce the dose and hence the radiation-related risk, but will also induce higher quantum noise. Supervised deep learning can be used to train a neural network to denoise the low-dose CT (LDCT). However, its success requires massive pixel-wise paired LDCT and normal-dose CT (NDCT) images, which are rarely available in real practice. To alleviate this problem, in this paper, a shift-invariant property based neural network was devised to learn the inherent pixel correlations and also the noise distribution by only using the LDCT images, shaping into our probabilistic self-learning framework. Experimental results demonstrated that the proposed method outperformed the competitors, producing an enhanced LDCT image that has similar image style as the routine NDCT which is highly-preferable in clinic practice.      
### 66.Reconstructing undersampled photoacoustic microscopy images using deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00251.pdf)
>  One primary technical challenge in photoacoustic microscopy (PAM) is the necessary compromise between spatial resolution and imaging speed. In this study, we propose a novel application of deep learning principles to reconstruct undersampled PAM images and transcend the trade-off between spatial resolution and imaging speed. We compared various convolutional neural network (CNN) architectures, and selected a fully dense U-net (FD U-net) model that produced the best results. To mimic various undersampling conditions in practice, we artificially downsampled fully-sampled PAM images of mouse brain vasculature at different ratios. This allowed us to not only definitively establish the ground truth, but also train and test our deep learning model at various imaging conditions. Our results and numerical analysis have collectively demonstrated the robust performance of our model to reconstruct PAM images with as few as 2% of the original pixels, which may effectively shorten the imaging time without substantially sacrificing the image quality.      
### 67.Hyperspectral Image Denoising via Global Spatial-Spectral Total Variation Regularized Nonconvex Local Low-Rank Tensor Approximation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00235.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral image (HSI) denoising aims to restore clean HSI from the noise-contaminated one. Noise contamination can often be caused during data acquisition and conversion. In this paper, we propose a novel spatial-spectral total variation (SSTV) regularized nonconvex local low-rank (LR) tensor approximation method to remove mixed noise in HSIs. From one aspect, the clean HSI data have its underlying local LR tensor property, even though the real HSI data may not be globally low-rank due to out-liers and non-Gaussian noise. According to this fact, we propose a novel tensor $L_{\gamma}$-norm to formulate the local LR prior. From another aspect, HSIs are assumed to be piecewisely smooth in the global spatial and spectral domains. Instead of traditional bandwise total variation, we use the SSTV regularization to simultaneously consider global spatial structure and spectral correlation of neighboring bands. Results on simulated and real HSI datasets indicate that the use of local LR tensor penalty and global SSTV can boost the preserving of local details and overall structural information in HSIs.      
### 68.The global information for land cover classification by dual-branch deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00234.pdf)
>  Land cover classification has played an important role in remote sensing because it can intelligently identify things in one huge remote sensing image so as to reduce the work of human. However, a lot of classification methods are designed based on the pixel feature or limited spatial feature of the remote sensing image, which limits the classification accuracy and universality of their methods. This paper proposed a novel method to take into the information of remote sensing image, i.e. geographic latitude-longitude information. In addition, a dual-channel convolutional neural network (CNN) classification method is designed to mine pixel feature of image in combination with the global information simultaneously. Firstly, 1-demensional network of CNN is designed to extract pixel information of remote sensing image, and the fully connected network (FCN) is employed to extract latitude-longitude feature. Then, their features of two neural networks are fused by another fully neural network to realize remote sensing image classification. Finally, two kinds of remote sensing, involving hyperspectral imaging (HSI) and polarimetric synthetic aperture radar (PolSAR), are used to verify the effectiveness of our method. The results of the proposed method is superior to the traditional single-channel convolutional neural network.      
### 69.Blended Multi-Modal Deep ConvNet Features for Diabetic Retinopathy Severity Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00197.pdf)
>  Diabetic Retinopathy (DR) is one of the major causes of visual impairment and blindness across the world. It is usually found in patients who suffer from diabetes for a long period. The major focus of this work is to derive optimal representation of retinal images that further helps to improve the performance of DR recognition models. To extract optimal representation, features extracted from multiple pre-trained ConvNet models are blended using proposed multi-modal fusion module. These final representations are used to train a Deep Neural Network (DNN) used for DR identification and severity level prediction. As each ConvNet extracts different features, fusing them using 1D pooling and cross pooling leads to better representation than using features extracted from a single ConvNet. Experimental studies on benchmark Kaggle APTOS 2019 contest dataset reveals that the model trained on proposed blended feature representations is superior to the existing methods. In addition, we notice that cross average pooling based fusion of features from Xception and VGG16 is the most appropriate for DR recognition. With the proposed model, we achieve an accuracy of 97.41%, and a kappa statistic of 94.82 for DR identification and an accuracy of 81.7% and a kappa statistic of 71.1% for severity level prediction. Another interesting observation is that DNN with dropout at input layer converges more quickly when trained using blended features, compared to the same model trained using uni-modal deep features.      
### 70.Advanced Single Image Resolution Upsurging Using a Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00186.pdf)
>  The resolution of an image is a very important criterion for evaluating the quality of the image. A higher resolution of an image is always preferable as images of lower resolution are unsuitable due to fuzzy quality. A higher resolution of an image is important for various fields such as medical imaging; astronomy works and so on as images of lower resolution becomes unclear and indistinct when their sizes are enlarged. In recent times, various research works are performed to generate a higher resolution of an image from its lower resolution. In this paper, we have proposed a technique of generating higher resolution images form lower resolution using Residual in Residual Dense Block network architecture with a deep network. We have also compared our method with other methods to prove that our method provides better visual quality images.      
### 71.MetaInv-Net: Meta Inversion Network for Sparse View CT Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00171.pdf)
>  X-ray Computed Tomography (CT) is widely used in clinical applications such as diagnosis and image-guided interventions. In this paper, we propose a new deep learning based model for CT image reconstruction with the backbone network architecture built by unrolling an iterative algorithm. However, unlike the existing strategy to include as many data-adaptive components in the unrolled dynamics model as possible, we find that it is enough to only learn the parts where traditional designs mostly rely on intuitions and experience. More specifically, we propose to learn an initializer for the conjugate gradient (CG) algorithm that involved in one of the subproblems of the backbone model. Other components, such as image priors and hyperparameters, are kept as the original design. This makes the proposed model very light-weighted. Since a hypernetwork is introduced to inference on the initialization of the CG module, it makes the proposed model a certain meta-learning model. Therefore, we shall call the proposed model the meta-inversion network (MetaInv-Net). The proposed MetaInv-Net has much less trainable parameters and superior image reconstruction performance than some state-of-the-art deep models in CT imaging. In simulated and real data experiments, MetaInv-Net performs very well and can be generalized beyond the training setting, i.e., to other scanning settings, noise levels, and noise types.      
### 72.Overview of Scanner Invariant Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00115.pdf)
>  Pooled imaging data from multiple sources is subject to bias from each source. Studies that do not correct for these scanner/site biases at best lose statistical power, and at worst leave spurious correlations in their data. Estimation of the bias effects is non-trivial due to the paucity of data with correspondence across sites, so called "traveling phantom" data, which is expensive to collect. Nevertheless, numerous solutions leveraging direct correspondence have been proposed. In contrast to this, Moyer et al. (2019) proposes an unsupervised solution using invariant representations, one which does not require correspondence and thus does not require paired images. By leveraging the data processing inequality, an invariant representation can then be used to create an image reconstruction that is uninformative of its original source, yet still faithful to the underlying structure. In the present abstract we provide an overview of this method.      
### 73.Approximating the Ideal Observer for joint signal detection and localization tasks by use of supervised learning methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00112.pdf)
>  Medical imaging systems are commonly assessed and optimized by use of objective measures of image quality (IQ). The Ideal Observer (IO) performance has been advocated to provide a figure-of-merit for use in assessing and optimizing imaging systems because the IO sets an upper performance limit among all observers. When joint signal detection and localization tasks are considered, the IO that employs a modified generalized likelihood ratio test maximizes observer performance as characterized by the localization receiver operating characteristic (LROC) curve. Computations of likelihood ratios are analytically intractable in the majority of cases. Therefore, sampling-based methods that employ Markov-Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) techniques have been developed to approximate the likelihood ratios. However, the applications of MCMC methods have been limited to relatively simple object models. Supervised learning-based methods that employ convolutional neural networks have been recently developed to approximate the IO for binary signal detection tasks. In this paper, the ability of supervised learning-based methods to approximate the IO for joint signal detection and localization tasks is explored. Both background-known-exactly and background-known-statistically signal detection and localization tasks are considered. The considered object models include a lumpy object model and a clustered lumpy model, and the considered measurement noise models include Laplacian noise, Gaussian noise, and mixed Poisson-Gaussian noise. The LROC curves produced by the supervised learning-based method are compared to those produced by the MCMC approach or analytical computation when feasible. The potential utility of the proposed method for computing objective measures of IQ for optimizing imaging system performance is explored.      
### 74.Synthesizing lesions using contextual GANs improves breast cancer classification on mammograms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00086.pdf)
>  Data scarcity and class imbalance are two fundamental challenges in many machine learning applications to healthcare. Breast cancer classification in mammography exemplifies these challenges, with a malignancy rate of around 0.5% in a screening population, which is compounded by the relatively small size of lesions (~1% of the image) in malignant cases. Simultaneously, the prevalence of screening mammography creates a potential abundance of non-cancer exams to use for training. Altogether, these characteristics lead to overfitting on cancer cases, while under-utilizing non-cancer data. Here, we present a novel generative adversarial network (GAN) model for data augmentation that can realistically synthesize and remove lesions on mammograms. With self-attention and semi-supervised learning components, the U-net-based architecture can generate high resolution (256x256px) outputs, as necessary for mammography. When augmenting the original training set with the GAN-generated samples, we find a significant improvement in malignancy classification performance on a test set of real mammogram patches. Overall, the empirical results of our algorithm and the relevance to other medical imaging paradigms point to potentially fruitful further applications.      
### 75.Automatic segmentation of the pulmonary lobes with a 3D u-net and optimized loss function  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00083.pdf)
>  Fully-automatic lung lobe segmentation is challenging due to anatomical variations, pathologies, and incomplete fissures. We trained a 3D u-net for pulmonary lobe segmentation on 49 mainly publically available datasets and introduced a weighted Dice loss function to emphasize the lobar boundaries. To validate the performance of the proposed method we compared the results to two other methods. The new loss function improved the mean distance to 1.46 mm (compared to 2.08 mm for simple loss function without weighting).      
### 76.Synthetic Learning: Learn From Distributed Asynchronized Discriminator GAN Without Sharing Medical Image Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00080.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a data privacy-preserving and communication efficient distributed GAN learning framework named Distributed Asynchronized Discriminator GAN (AsynDGAN). Our proposed framework aims to train a central generator learns from distributed discriminator, and use the generated synthetic image solely to train the segmentation model.We validate the proposed framework on the application of health entities learning problem which is known to be privacy sensitive. Our experiments show that our approach: 1) could learn the real image's distribution from multiple datasets without sharing the patient's raw data. 2) is more efficient and requires lower bandwidth than other distributed deep learning methods. 3) achieves higher performance compared to the model trained by one real dataset, and almost the same performance compared to the model trained by all real datasets. 4) has provable guarantees that the generator could learn the distributed distribution in an all important fashion thus is unbiased.      
### 77.Automatic Diagnosis of Pulmonary Embolism Using an Attention-guided Framework: A Large-scale Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00074.pdf)
>  Pulmonary Embolism (PE) is a life-threatening disorder associated with high mortality and morbidity. Prompt diagnosis and immediate initiation of therapeutic action is important. We explored a deep learning model to detect PE on volumetric contrast-enhanced chest CT scans using a 2-stage training strategy. First, a residual convolutional neural network (ResNet) was trained using annotated 2D images. In addition to the classification loss, an attention loss was added during training to help the network focus attention on PE. Next, a recurrent network was used to scan sequentially through the features provided by the pre-trained ResNet to detect PE. This combination allows the network to be trained using both a limited and sparse set of pixel-level annotated images and a large number of easily obtainable patient-level image-label pairs. We used 1,670 sparsely annotated studies and more than 10,000 labeled studies in our training. On a test set with 2,160 patient studies, the proposed method achieved an area under the ROC curve (AUC) of 0.812. The proposed framework is also able to provide localized attention maps that indicate possible PE lesions, which could potentially help radiologists accelerate the diagnostic process.      
### 78.Towards a Human-Centred Cognitive Model of Visuospatial Complexity in Everyday Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00059.pdf)
>  We develop a human-centred, cognitive model of visuospatial complexity in everyday, naturalistic driving conditions. With a focus on visual perception, the model incorporates quantitative, structural, and dynamic attributes identifiable in the chosen context; the human-centred basis of the model lies in its behavioural evaluation with human subjects with respect to psychophysical measures pertaining to embodied visuoauditory attention. We report preliminary steps to apply the developed cognitive model of visuospatial complexity for human-factors guided dataset creation and benchmarking, and for its use as a semantic template for the (explainable) computational analysis of visuospatial complexity.      
### 79.Applying the Decisiveness and Robustness Metrics to Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00058.pdf)
>  We review three recently-proposed classifier quality metrics and consider their suitability for large-scale classification challenges such as applying convolutional neural networks to the 1000-class ImageNet dataset. These metrics, referred to as the "geometric accuracy," "decisiveness," and "robustness," are based on the generalized mean ($\rho$ equals 0, 1, and -2/3, respectively) of the classifier's self-reported and measured probabilities of correct classification. We also propose some minor clarifications to standardize the metric definitions. With these updates, we show some examples of calculating the metrics using deep convolutional neural networks (AlexNet and DenseNet) acting on large datasets (the German Traffic Sign Recognition Benchmark and ImageNet).      
### 80.Learning stochastic object models from medical imaging measurements using Progressively-Growing AmbientGANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00033.pdf)
>  It has been advocated that medical imaging systems and reconstruction algorithms should be assessed and optimized by use of objective measures of image quality that quantify the performance of an observer at specific diagnostic tasks. One important source of variability that can significantly limit observer performance is variation in the objects to-be-imaged. This source of variability can be described by stochastic object models (SOMs). A SOM is a generative model that can be employed to establish an ensemble of to-be-imaged objects with prescribed statistical properties. In order to accurately model variations in anatomical structures and object textures, it is desirable to establish SOMs from experimental imaging measurements acquired by use of a well-characterized imaging system. Deep generative neural networks, such as generative adversarial networks (GANs) hold great potential for this task. However, conventional GANs are typically trained by use of reconstructed images that are influenced by the effects of measurement noise and the reconstruction process. To circumvent this, an AmbientGAN has been proposed that augments a GAN with a measurement operator. However, the original AmbientGAN could not immediately benefit from modern training procedures, such as progressive growing, which limited its ability to be applied to realistically sized medical image data. To circumvent this, in this work, a new Progressive Growing AmbientGAN (ProAmGAN) strategy is developed for establishing SOMs from medical imaging measurements. Stylized numerical studies corresponding to common medical imaging modalities are conducted to demonstrate and validate the proposed method for establishing SOMs.      
### 81.Glaucoma Detection From Raw Circumapillary OCT Images Using Fully Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.00027.pdf)
>  Nowadays, glaucoma is the leading cause of blindness worldwide. We propose in this paper two different deep-learning-based approaches to address glaucoma detection just from raw circumpapillary OCT images. The first one is based on the development of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) trained from scratch. The second one lies in fine-tuning some of the most common state-of-the-art CNNs architectures. The experiments were performed on a private database composed of 93 glaucomatous and 156 normal B-scans around the optic nerve head of the retina, which were diagnosed by expert ophthalmologists. The validation results evidence that fine-tuned CNNs outperform the networks trained from scratch when small databases are addressed. Additionally, the VGG family of networks reports the most promising results, with an area under the ROC curve of 0.96 and an accuracy of 0.92, during the prediction of the independent test set.      
### 82.Image Restoration from Parametric Transformations using Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14036.pdf)
>  When images are statistically described by a generative model we can use this information to develop optimum techniques for various image restoration problems as inpainting, super-resolution, image coloring, generative model inversion, etc. With the help of the generative model it is possible to formulate, in a natural way, these restoration problems as Statistical estimation problems. Our approach, by combining maximum a-posteriori probability with maximum likelihood estimation, is capable of restoring images that are distorted by transformations even when the latter contain unknown parameters. This must be compared with the current state of the art which requires exact knowledge of the transformations. We should also mention that our method does not contain any regularizer terms with unknown weights that need to be properly selected, as is common practice in all recent generative image restoration techniques. Finally, we extend our method to accommodate combinations of multiple images where each image is described by its own generative model and the participating images are being separated from a single combination.      
