# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 9 Jun 2020
### 1.Unsupervised Transfer Learning with Self-Supervised Remedy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04737.pdf)
>  Generalising deep networks to novel domains without manual labels is challenging to deep learning. This problem is intrinsically difficult due to unpredictable changing nature of imagery data distributions in novel domains. Pre-learned knowledge does not transfer well without making strong assumptions about the learned and the novel domains. Different methods have been studied to address the underlying problem based on different assumptions, e.g. from domain adaptation to zero-shot and few-shot learning. In this work, we address this problem by transfer clustering that aims to learn a discriminative latent space of the unlabelled target data in a novel domain by knowledge transfer from labelled related domains. Specifically, we want to leverage relative (pairwise) imagery information, which is freely available and intrinsic to a target domain, to model the target domain image distribution characteristics as well as the prior-knowledge learned from related labelled domains to enable more discriminative clustering of unlabelled target data. Our method mitigates nontransferrable prior-knowledge by self-supervision, benefiting from both transfer and self-supervised learning. Extensive experiments on four datasets for image clustering tasks reveal the superiority of our model over the state-of-the-art transfer clustering techniques. We further demonstrate its competitive transferability on four zero-shot learning benchmarks.      
### 2.ResKD: Residual-Guided Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04719.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation has emerge as a promising technique for compressing neural networks. Due to the capacity gap between a heavy teacher and a lightweight student, there exists a significant performance gap between them. In this paper, we see knowledge distillation in a fresh light, using the knowledge gap between a teacher and a student as guidance to train a lighter-weight student called res-student. The combination of a normal student and a res-student becomes a new student. Such a residual-guided process can be repeated. Experimental results show that we achieve competitive results on the CIFAR10/10, Tiny-ImageNet, and ImageNet datasets.      
### 3.Multimodal Future Localization and Emergence Prediction for Objects in Egocentric View with a Reachability Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04700.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate the problem of anticipating future dynamics, particularly the future location of other vehicles and pedestrians, in the view of a moving vehicle. We approach two fundamental challenges: (1) the partial visibility due to the egocentric view with a single RGB camera and considerable field-of-view change due to the egomotion of the vehicle; (2) the multimodality of the distribution of future states. In contrast to many previous works, we do not assume structural knowledge from maps. We rather estimate a reachability prior for certain classes of objects from the semantic map of the present image and propagate it into the future using the planned egomotion. Experiments show that the reachability prior combined with multi-hypotheses learning improves multimodal prediction of the future location of tracked objects and, for the first time, the emergence of new objects. We also demonstrate promising zero-shot transfer to unseen datasets. Source code is available at $\href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lmb-freiburg/FLN-EPN-RPN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{\text{this https URL.}}$      
### 4.Unstructured Road Vanishing Point Detection Using the Convolutional Neural Network and Heatmap Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04691.pdf)
>  Unstructured road vanishing point (VP) detection is a challenging problem, especially in the field of autonomous driving. In this paper, we proposed a novel solution combining the convolutional neural network (CNN) and heatmap regression to detect unstructured road VP. The proposed algorithm firstly adopts a lightweight backbone, i.e., depthwise convolution modified HRNet, to extract hierarchical features of the unstructured road image. Then, three advanced strategies, i.e., multi-scale supervised learning, heatmap super-resolution, and coordinate regression techniques are utilized to achieve fast and high-precision unstructured road VP detection. The empirical results on Kong's dataset show that our proposed approach enjoys the highest detection accuracy compared with state-of-the-art methods under various conditions in real-time, achieving the highest speed of 33 fps.      
### 5.Semantic Graph-enhanced Visual Network for Zero-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04648.pdf)
>  Zero-shot learning uses semantic attributes to connect the search space of unseen objects. In recent years, although the deep convolutional network brings powerful visual modeling capabilities to the ZSL task, its visual features have severe pattern inertia and lack of representation of semantic relationships, which leads to severe bias and ambiguity. In response to this, we propose the Graph-based Visual-Semantic Entanglement Network to conduct graph modeling of visual features, which is mapped to semantic attributes by using a knowledge graph, it contains several novel designs: 1. it establishes a multi-path entangled network with the convolutional neural network (CNN) and the graph convolutional network (GCN), which input the visual features from CNN to GCN to model the implicit semantic relations, then GCN feedback the graph modeled information to CNN features; 2. it uses attribute word vectors as the target for the graph semantic modeling of GCN, which forms a self-consistent regression for graph modeling and supervise GCN to learn more personalized attribute relations; 3. it fuses and supplements the hierarchical visual-semantic features refined by graph modeling into visual embedding. By promoting the semantic linkage modeling of visual features, our method outperforms state-of-the-art approaches on multiple representative ZSL datasets: AwA2, CUB, and SUN.      
### 6.SoftFlow: Probabilistic Framework for Normalizing Flow on Manifolds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04604.pdf)
>  Flow-based generative models are composed of invertible transformations between two random variables of the same dimension. Therefore, flow-based models cannot be adequately trained if the dimension of the data distribution does not match that of the underlying target distribution. In this paper, we propose SoftFlow, a probabilistic framework for training normalizing flows on manifolds. To sidestep the dimension mismatch problem, SoftFlow estimates a conditional distribution of the perturbed input data instead of learning the data distribution directly. We experimentally show that SoftFlow can capture the innate structure of the manifold data and generate high-quality samples unlike the conventional flow-based models. Furthermore, we apply the proposed framework to 3D point clouds to alleviate the difficulty of forming thin structures for flow-based models. The proposed model for 3D point clouds, namely SoftPointFlow, can estimate the distribution of various shapes more accurately and achieves state-of-the-art performance in point cloud generation.      
### 7.Incorporating Image Gradients as Secondary Input Associated with Input Image to Improve the Performance of the CNN Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04570.pdf)
>  CNN is very popular neural network architecture in modern days. It is primarily most used tool for vision related task to extract the important features from the given image. Moreover, CNN works as a filter to extract the important features using convolutional operation in distinct layers. In existing CNN architectures, to train the network on given input, only single form of given input is fed to the network. In this paper, new architecture has been proposed where given input is passed in more than one form to the network simultaneously by sharing the layers with both forms of input. We incorporate image gradient as second form of the input associated with the original input image and allowing both inputs to flow in the network using same number of parameters to improve the performance of the model for better generalization. The results of the proposed CNN architecture, applying on diverse set of datasets such as MNIST, CIFAR10 and CIFAR100 show superior result compared to the benchmark CNN architecture considering inputs in single form.      
### 8.Person Re-identification in the 3D Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04569.pdf)
>  People live in a 3D world. However, existing works on person re-identification (re-id) mostly consider the representation learning in a 2D space, intrinsically limiting the understanding of people. In this work, we address this limitation by exploring the prior knowledge of the 3D body structure. Specifically, we project 2D images to a 3D space and introduce a novel Omni-scale Graph Network (OG-Net) to learn the representation from sparse 3D points. With the help of 3D geometry information, we can learn a new type of deep re-id feature free from noisy variants, such as scale and viewpoint. To our knowledge, we are among the first attempts to conduct person re-identification in the 3D space. Extensive experiments show that the proposed method achieves competitive results on three popular large-scale person re-id datasets, and has good scalability to unseen datasets.      
### 9.FibeR-CNN: Expanding Mask R-CNN to Improve Image-Based Fiber Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04552.pdf)
>  Fiber-shaped materials (e.g. carbon nano tubes) are of great relevance, due to their unique properties but also the health risk they can impose. Unfortunately, image-based analysis of fibers still involves manual annotation, which is a time-consuming and costly process. We therefore propose the use of region-based convolutional neural networks (R-CNNs) to automate this task. Mask R-CNN, the most widely used R-CNN for semantic segmentation tasks, is prone to errors when it comes to the analysis of fiber-shaped objects. Therefore, a new architecture - FibeR-CNN - is introduced and validated. FibeR-CNN combines two established R-CNN architectures (Mask and Keypoint R-CNN) and adds additional network heads for the prediction of fiber widths and lengths. As a result, FiberR-CNN is able to surpass the mean average precision of Mask R-CNN by 33 % (11 percentage points) on a novel test data set of fiber images. <br>Source code available online.      
### 10.Learning 3D-3D Correspondences for One-shot Partial-to-partial Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04523.pdf)
>  While 3D-3D registration is traditionally tacked by optimization-based methods, recent work has shown that learning-based techniques could achieve faster and more robust results. In this context, however, only PRNet can handle the partial-to-partial registration scenario. Unfortunately, this is achieved at the cost of relying on an iterative procedure, with a complex network architecture. Here, we show that learning-based partial-to-partial registration can be achieved in a one-shot manner, jointly reducing network complexity and increasing registration accuracy. To this end, we propose an Optimal Transport layer able to account for occluded points thanks to the use of outlier bins. The resulting OPRNet framework outperforms the state of the art on standard benchmarks, demonstrating better robustness and generalization ability than existing techniques.      
### 11.More Information Supervised Probabilistic Deep Face Embedding Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04518.pdf)
>  Researches using margin based comparison loss demonstrate the effectiveness of penalizing the distance between face feature and their corresponding class centers. Despite their popularity and excellent performance, they do not explicitly encourage the generic embedding learning for an open set recognition problem. In this paper, we analyse margin based softmax loss in probability view. With this perspective, we propose two general principles: 1) monotonic decreasing and 2) margin probability penalty, for designing new margin loss functions. Unlike methods optimized with single comparison metric, we provide a new perspective to treat open set face recognition as a problem of information transmission. And the generalization capability for face embedding is gained with more clean information. An auto-encoder architecture called Linear-Auto-TS-Encoder(LATSE) is proposed to corroborate this finding. Extensive experiments on several benchmarks demonstrate that LATSE help face embedding to gain more generalization capability and it boosted the single model performance with open training dataset to more than $99\%$ on MegaFace test.      
### 12.Action Recognition with Deep Multiple Aggregation Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04489.pdf)
>  Most of the current action recognition algorithms are based on deep networks which stack multiple convolutional, pooling and fully connected layers. While convolutional and fully connected operations have been widely studied in the literature, the design of pooling operations that handle action recognition, with different sources of temporal granularity in action categories, has comparatively received less attention, and existing solutions rely mainly on max or averaging operations. The latter are clearly powerless to fully exhibit the actual temporal granularity of action categories and thereby constitute a bottleneck in classification performances. In this paper, we introduce a novel hierarchical pooling design that captures different levels of temporal granularity in action recognition. Our design principle is coarse-to-fine and achieved using a tree-structured network; as we traverse this network top-down, pooling operations are getting less invariant but timely more resolute and well localized. Learning the combination of operations in this network -- which best fits a given ground-truth -- is obtained by solving a constrained minimization problem whose solution corresponds to the distribution of weights that capture the contribution of each level (and thereby temporal granularity) in the global hierarchical pooling process. Besides being principled and well grounded, the proposed hierarchical pooling is also video-length and resolution agnostic. Extensive experiments conducted on the challenging UCF-101, HMDB-51 and JHMDB-21 databases corroborate all these statements.      
### 13.Deep hierarchical pooling design for cross-granularity action recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04473.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a novel hierarchical aggregation design that captures different levels of temporal granularity in action recognition. Our design principle is coarse-to-fine and achieved using a tree-structured network; as we traverse this network top-down, pooling operations are getting less invariant but timely more resolute and well localized. Learning the combination of operations in this network -- which best fits a given ground-truth -- is obtained by solving a constrained minimization problem whose solution corresponds to the distribution of weights that capture the contribution of each level (and thereby temporal granularity) in the global hierarchical pooling process. Besides being principled and well grounded, the proposed hierarchical pooling is also video-length agnostic and resilient to misalignments in actions. Extensive experiments conducted on the challenging UCF-101 database corroborate these statements.      
### 14.Continual Representation Learning for Biometric Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04455.pdf)
>  With the explosion of digital data in recent years, continuously learning new tasks from a stream of data without forgetting previously acquired knowledge has become increasingly important. In this paper, we propose a new continual learning (CL) setting, namely ``continual representation learning'', which focuses on learning better representation in a continuous way. We also provide two large-scale multi-step benchmarks for biometric identification, where the visual appearance of different classes are highly relevant. In contrast to requiring the model to recognize more learned classes, we aim to learn feature representation that can be better generalized to not only previously unseen images but also unseen classes/identities. For the new setting, we propose a novel approach that performs the knowledge distillation over a large number of identities by applying the neighbourhood selection and consistency relaxation strategies to improve scalability and flexibility of the continual learning model. We demonstrate that existing CL methods can improve the representation in the new setting, and our method achieves better results than the competitors.      
### 15.Novel Adaptive Binary Search Strategy-First Hybrid Pyramid- and Clustering-Based CNN Filter Pruning Method without Parameters Setting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04451.pdf)
>  Pruning redundant filters in CNN models has received growing attention. In this paper, we propose an adaptive binary search-first hybrid pyramid- and clustering-based (ABSHPC-based) method for pruning filters automatically. In our method, for each convolutional layer, initially a hybrid pyramid data structure is constructed to store the hierarchical information of each filter. Given a tolerant accuracy loss, without parameters setting, we begin from the last convolutional layer to the first layer; for each considered layer with less or equal pruning rate relative to its previous layer, our ABSHPC-based process is applied to optimally partition all filters to clusters, where each cluster is thus represented by the filter with the median root mean of the hybrid pyramid, leading to maximal removal of redundant filters. Based on the practical dataset and the CNN models, with higher accuracy, the thorough experimental results demonstrated the significant parameters and floating-point operations reduction merits of the proposed filter pruning method relative to the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 16.Passive Batch Injection Training Technique: Boosting Network Performance by Injecting Mini-Batches from a different Data Distribution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04406.pdf)
>  This work presents a novel training technique for deep neural networks that makes use of additional data from a distribution that is different from that of the original input data. This technique aims to reduce overfitting and improve the generalization performance of the network. Our proposed technique, namely Passive Batch Injection Training Technique (PBITT), even reduces the level of overfitting in networks that already use the standard techniques for reducing overfitting such as $L_2$ regularization and batch normalization, resulting in significant accuracy improvements. Passive Batch Injection Training Technique (PBITT) introduces a few passive mini-batches into the training process that contain data from a distribution that is different from the input data distribution. This technique does not increase the number of parameters in the final model and also does not increase the inference (test) time but still improves the performance of deep CNNs. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that makes use of different data distribution to aid the training of convolutional neural networks (CNNs). We thoroughly evaluate the proposed approach on standard architectures: VGG, ResNet, and WideResNet, and on several popular datasets: CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, SVHN, and ImageNet. We observe consistent accuracy improvement by using the proposed technique. We also show experimentally that the model trained by our technique generalizes well to other tasks such as object detection on the MS-COCO dataset using Faster R-CNN. We present extensive ablations to validate the proposed approach. Our approach improves the accuracy of VGG-16 by a significant margin of 2.1% over the CIFAR-100 dataset.      
### 17.Generalized Focal Loss: Learning Qualified and Distributed Bounding Boxes for Dense Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04388.pdf)
>  One-stage detector basically formulates object detection as dense classification and localization. The classification is usually optimized by Focal Loss and the box location is commonly learned under Dirac delta distribution. A recent trend for one-stage detectors is to introduce an individual prediction branch to estimate the quality of localization, where the predicted quality facilitates the classification to improve detection performance. This paper delves into the representations of the above three fundamental elements: quality estimation, classification and localization. Two problems are discovered in existing practices, including (1) the inconsistent usage of the quality estimation and classification between training and inference and (2) the inflexible Dirac delta distribution for localization when there is ambiguity and uncertainty in complex scenes. To address the problems, we design new representations for these elements. Specifically, we merge the quality estimation into the class prediction vector to form a joint representation of localization quality and classification, and use a vector to represent arbitrary distribution of box locations. The improved representations eliminate the inconsistency risk and accurately depict the flexible distribution in real data, but contain continuous labels, which is beyond the scope of Focal Loss. We then propose Generalized Focal Loss (GFL) that generalizes Focal Loss from its discrete form to the continuous version for successful optimization. On COCO test-dev, GFL achieves 45.0\% AP using ResNet-101 backbone, surpassing state-of-the-art SAPD (43.5\%) and ATSS (43.6\%) with higher or comparable inference speed, under the same backbone and training settings. Notably, our best model can achieve a single-model single-scale AP of 48.2\%, at 10 FPS on a single 2080Ti GPU. Code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/implus/GFocal" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.Semantics-Driven Unsupervised Learning for Monocular Depth and Ego-Motion Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04371.pdf)
>  We propose a semantics-driven unsupervised learning approach for monocular depth and ego-motion estimation from videos in this paper. Recent unsupervised learning methods employ photometric errors between synthetic view and actual image as a supervision signal for training. In our method, we exploit semantic segmentation information to mitigate the effects of dynamic objects and occlusions in the scene, and to improve depth prediction performance by considering the correlation between depth and semantics. To avoid costly labeling process, we use noisy semantic segmentation results obtained by a pre-trained semantic segmentation network. In addition, we minimize the position error between the corresponding points of adjacent frames to utilize 3D spatial information. Experimental results on the KITTI dataset show that our method achieves good performance in both depth and ego-motion estimation tasks.      
### 19.Neural Sparse Representation for Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04357.pdf)
>  Inspired by the robustness and efficiency of sparse representation in sparse coding based image restoration models, we investigate the sparsity of neurons in deep networks. Our method structurally enforces sparsity constraints upon hidden neurons. The sparsity constraints are favorable for gradient-based learning algorithms and attachable to convolution layers in various networks. Sparsity in neurons enables computation saving by only operating on non-zero components without hurting accuracy. Meanwhile, our method can magnify representation dimensionality and model capacity with negligible additional computation cost. Experiments show that sparse representation is crucial in deep neural networks for multiple image restoration tasks, including image super-resolution, image denoising, and image compression artifacts removal. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ychfan/nsr" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 20.Associate-3Ddet: Perceptual-to-Conceptual Association for 3D Point Cloud Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04356.pdf)
>  Object detection from 3D point clouds remains a challenging task, though recent studies pushed the envelope with the deep learning techniques. Owing to the severe spatial occlusion and inherent variance of point density with the distance to sensors, appearance of a same object varies a lot in point cloud data. Designing robust feature representation against such appearance changes is hence the key issue in a 3D object detection method. In this paper, we innovatively propose a domain adaptation like approach to enhance the robustness of the feature representation. More specifically, we bridge the gap between the perceptual domain where the feature comes from a real scene and the conceptual domain where the feature is extracted from an augmented scene consisting of non-occlusion point cloud rich of detailed information. This domain adaptation approach mimics the functionality of the human brain when proceeding object perception. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our simple yet effective approach fundamentally boosts the performance of 3D point cloud object detection and achieves the state-of-the-art results.      
### 21.Fast Synthetic LiDAR Rendering via Spherical UV Unwrapping of Equirectangular Z-Buffer Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04345.pdf)
>  LiDAR data is becoming increasingly essential with the rise of autonomous vehicles. Its ability to provide 360deg horizontal field of view of point cloud, equips self-driving vehicles with enhanced situational awareness capabilities. While synthetic LiDAR data generation pipelines provide a good solution to advance the machine learning research on LiDAR, they do suffer from a major shortcoming, which is rendering time. Physically accurate LiDAR simulators (e.g. Blensor) are computationally expensive with an average rendering time of 14-60 seconds per frame for urban scenes. This is often compensated for via using 3D models with simplified polygon topology (low poly assets) as is the case of CARLA (Dosovitskiy et al., 2017). However, this comes at the price of having coarse grained unrealistic LiDAR point clouds. In this paper, we present a novel method to simulate LiDAR point cloud with faster rendering time of 1 sec per frame. The proposed method relies on spherical UV unwrapping of Equirectangular Z-Buffer images. We chose Blensor (Gschwandtner et al., 2011) as the baseline method to compare the point clouds generated using the proposed method. The reported error for complex urban landscapes is 4.28cm for a scanning range between 2-120 meters with Velodyne HDL64-E2 parameters. The proposed method reported a total time per frame to 3.2 +/- 0.31 seconds per frame. In contrast, the BlenSor baseline method reported 16.2 +/- 1.82 seconds.      
### 22.Deep Neural Network Based Real-time Kiwi Fruit Flower Detection in an Orchard Environment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04343.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel approach to kiwi fruit flower detection using Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) to build an accurate, fast, and robust autonomous pollination robot system. Recent work in deep neural networks has shown outstanding performance on object detection tasks in many areas. Inspired this, we aim for exploiting DNNs for kiwi fruit flower detection and present intensive experiments and their analysis on two state-of-the-art object detectors; Faster R-CNN and Single Shot Detector (SSD) Net, and feature extractors; Inception Net V2 and NAS Net with real-world orchard datasets. We also compare those approaches to find an optimal model which is suitable for a real-time agricultural pollination robot system in terms of accuracy and processing speed. We perform experiments with dataset collected from different seasons and locations (spatio-temporal consistency) in order to demonstrate the performance of the generalized model. The proposed system demonstrates promising results of 0.919, 0.874, and 0.889 for precision, recall, and F1-score respectively on our real-world dataset, and the performance satisfies the requirement for deploying the system onto an autonomous pollination robotics system.      
### 23.Fully Convolutional Mesh Autoencoder using Efficient Spatially Varying Kernels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04325.pdf)
>  Learning latent representations of registered meshes is useful for many 3D tasks. Techniques have recently shifted to neural mesh autoencoders. Although they demonstrate higher precision than traditional methods, they remain unable to capture fine-grained deformations. Furthermore, these methods can only be applied to a template-specific surface mesh, and is not applicable to more general meshes, like tetrahedrons and non-manifold meshes. While more general graph convolution methods can be employed, they lack performance in reconstruction precision and require higher memory usage. In this paper, we propose a non-template-specific fully convolutional mesh autoencoder for arbitrary registered mesh data. It is enabled by our novel convolution and (un)pooling operators learned with globally shared weights and locally varying coefficients which can efficiently capture the spatially varying contents presented by irregular mesh connections. Our model outperforms state-of-the-art methods on reconstruction accuracy. In addition, the latent codes of our network are fully localized thanks to the fully convolutional structure, and thus have much higher interpolation capability than many traditional 3D mesh generation models.      
### 24.Ensemble Model with Batch Spectral Regularization and Data Blending for Cross-Domain Few-Shot Learning with Unlabeled Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04323.pdf)
>  Deep learning models are difficult to obtain good performance when data is scarce and there are domain gaps. Cross-domain few-shot learning (CD-FSL) is designed to improve this problem. We propose an Ensemble Model with Batch Spectral Regularization and Data Blending for the Track 2 of the CD-FSL challenge. We use different feature mapping matrices to obtain an Ensemble framework. In each branch, Batch Spectral Regularization is used to suppress the singular values of the feature matrix to improve the model's transferability. In the fine-tuning stage a data blending method is used to fuse the information of unlabeled data with the support set. The prediction result is refined with label propagation. We conduct experiments on the CD-FSL benchmark tasks and the results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 25.Counterfactual VQA: A Cause-Effect Look at Language Bias  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04315.pdf)
>  Visual Question Answering (VQA) models tend to rely on the language bias and thus fail to learn the reasoning from visual knowledge, which is however the original intention of VQA. In this paper, we propose a novel cause-effect look at the language bias, where the bias is formulated as the direct effect of question on answer from the view of causal inference. The effect can be captured by counterfactual VQA, where the image had not existed in an imagined scenario. Our proposed cause-effect look 1) is general to any baseline VQA architecture, 2) achieves significant improvement on the language-bias sensitive VQA-CP dataset, and 3) fills the theoretical gap in recent language prior based works.      
### 26.Are We Hungry for 3D LiDAR Data for Semantic Segmentation?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04307.pdf)
>  3D LiDAR semantic segmentation is a pivotal task that is widely involved in many applications, such as autonomous driving and robotics. Studies of 3D LiDAR semantic segmentation have recently achieved considerable development, especially in terms of deep learning strategies. However, these studies usually rely heavily on considerable fine annotated data, while point-wise 3D LiDAR datasets are extremely insufficient and expensive to label. The performance limitation caused by the lack of training data is called the data hungry effect. This survey aims to explore whether and how we are hungry for 3D LiDAR data for semantic segmentation. Thus, we first provide an organized review of existing 3D datasets and 3D semantic segmentation methods. Then, we provide an in-depth analysis of three representative datasets and several experiments to evaluate the data hungry effects in different aspects. Efforts to solve data hungry problems are summarized for both 3D LiDAR-focused methods and general-purpose methods. Finally, insightful topics are discussed for future research on data hungry problems and open questions.      
### 27.Text Detection and Recognition in the Wild: A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04305.pdf)
>  Detection and recognition of text in natural images are two main problems in the field of computer vision that have a wide variety of applications in analysis of sports videos, autonomous driving, industrial automation, to name a few. They face common challenging problems that are factors in how text is represented and affected by several environmental conditions. The current state-of-the-art scene text detection and/or recognition methods have exploited the witnessed advancement in deep learning architectures and reported a superior accuracy on benchmark datasets when tackling multi-resolution and multi-oriented text. However, there are still several remaining challenges affecting text in the wild images that cause existing methods to underperform due to there models are not able to generalize to unseen data and the insufficient labeled data. Thus, unlike previous surveys in this field, the objectives of this survey are as follows: first, offering the reader not only a review on the recent advancement in scene text detection and recognition, but also presenting the results of conducting extensive experiments using a unified evaluation framework that assesses pre-trained models of the selected methods on challenging cases, and applies the same evaluation criteria on these techniques. Second, identifying several existing challenges for detecting or recognizing text in the wild images, namely, in-plane-rotation, multi-oriented and multi-resolution text, perspective distortion, illumination reflection, partial occlusion, complex fonts, and special characters. Finally, the paper also presents insight into the potential research directions in this field to address some of the mentioned challenges that are still encountering scene text detection and recognition techniques.      
### 28.How useful is Active Learning for Image-based Plant Phenotyping?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04255.pdf)
>  Deep learning models have been successfully deployed for a diverse array of image-based plant phenotyping applications including disease detection and classification. However, successful deployment of supervised deep learning models requires large amount of labeled data, which is a significant challenge in plant science (and most biological) domains due to the inherent complexity. Specifically, data annotation is costly, laborious, time consuming and needs domain expertise for phenotyping tasks, especially for diseases. To overcome this challenge, active learning algorithms have been proposed that reduce the amount of labeling needed by deep learning models to achieve good predictive performance. Active learning methods adaptively select samples to annotate using an acquisition function to achieve maximum (classification) performance under a fixed labeling budget. We reports the performance of four different active learning methods, (1) Deep Bayesian Active Learning (DBAL), (2) Entropy, (3) Least Confidence, and (4) Coreset, with conventional random sampling-based annotation for two different image-based classification datasets. The first image dataset consists of soybean [Glycine max L. (Merr.)] leaves belonging to eight different soybean stresses and a healthy class, and the second consists of nine different weed species from the field. For a fixed labeling budget, we observed that the classification performance of deep learning models with active learning-based acquisition strategies is better than random sampling-based acquisition for both datasets. The integration of active learning strategies for data annotation can help mitigate labelling challenges in the plant sciences applications particularly where deep domain knowledge is required.      
### 29.AdaLAM: Revisiting Handcrafted Outlier Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04250.pdf)
>  Local feature matching is a critical component of many computer vision pipelines, including among others Structure-from-Motion, SLAM, and Visual Localization. However, due to limitations in the descriptors, raw matches are often contaminated by a majority of outliers. As a result, outlier detection is a fundamental problem in computer vision, and a wide range of approaches have been proposed over the last decades. In this paper we revisit handcrafted approaches to outlier filtering. Based on best practices, we propose a hierarchical pipeline for effective outlier detection as well as integrate novel ideas which in sum lead to AdaLAM, an efficient and competitive approach to outlier rejection. AdaLAM is designed to effectively exploit modern parallel hardware, resulting in a very fast, yet very accurate, outlier filter. We validate AdaLAM on multiple large and diverse datasets, and we submit to the Image Matching Challenge (CVPR2020), obtaining competitive results with simple baseline descriptors. We show that AdaLAM is more than competitive to current state of the art, both in terms of efficiency and effectiveness.      
### 30.Efficient Poverty Mapping using Deep Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04224.pdf)
>  The combination of high-resolution satellite imagery and machine learning have proven useful in many sustainability-related tasks, including poverty prediction, infrastructure measurement, and forest monitoring. However, the accuracy afforded by high-resolution imagery comes at a cost, as such imagery is extremely expensive to purchase at scale. This creates a substantial hurdle to the efficient scaling and widespread adoption of high-resolution-based approaches. To reduce acquisition costs while maintaining accuracy, we propose a reinforcement learning approach in which free low-resolution imagery is used to dynamically identify where to acquire costly high-resolution images, prior to performing a deep learning task on the high-resolution images. We apply this approach to the task of poverty prediction in Uganda, building on an earlier approach that used object detection to count objects and use these counts to predict poverty. Our approach exceeds previous performance benchmarks on this task while using 80% fewer high-resolution images. Our approach could have application in many sustainability domains that require high-resolution imagery.      
### 31.Thoracic Disease Identification and Localization using Distance Learning and Region Verification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04203.pdf)
>  The identification and localization of diseases in medical images using deep learning models have recently attracted significant interest. Existing methods only consider training the networks with each image independently and most leverage an activation map for disease localization. In this paper, we propose an alternative approach that learns discriminative features among triplets of images and cyclically trains on region features to verify whether attentive regions contain information indicative of a disease. Concretely, we adapt a distance learning framework for multi-label disease classification to differentiate subtle disease features. Additionally, we feed back the features of the predicted class-specific regions to a separate classifier during training to better verify the localized diseases. Our model can achieve state-of-the-art classification performance on the challenging ChestX-ray14 dataset, and our ablation studies indicate that both distance learning and region verification contribute to overall classification performance. Moreover, the distance learning and region verification modules can capture essential information for better localization than baseline models without these modules.      
### 32.Finger Texture Biometric Characteristic: a Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04193.pdf)
>  \begin{abstract} <br>In recent years, the Finger Texture (FT) has attracted considerable attention as a biometric characteristic. It can provide efficient human recognition performance, because it has different human-specific features of apparent lines, wrinkles and ridges distributed along the inner surface of all fingers. Also, such pattern structures are reliable, unique and remain stable throughout a human's life. Efficient biometric systems can be established based only on FTs. In this paper, a comprehensive survey of the relevant FT studies is presented. We also summarise the main drawbacks and obstacles of employing the FT as a biometric characteristic, and provide useful suggestions to further improve the work on FT. \end{abstract}      
### 33.Learning pose variations within shape population by constrained mixtures of factor analyzers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04171.pdf)
>  Mining and learning the shape variability of underlying population has benefited the applications including parametric shape modeling, 3D animation, and image segmentation. The current statistical shape modeling method works well on learning unstructured shape variations without obvious pose changes (relative rotations of the body parts). Studying the pose variations within a shape population involves segmenting the shapes into different articulated parts and learning the transformations of the segmented parts. This paper formulates the pose learning problem as mixtures of factor analyzers. The segmentation is obtained by components posterior probabilities and the rotations in pose variations are learned by the factor loading matrices. To guarantee that the factor loading matrices are composed by rotation matrices, constraints are imposed and the corresponding closed form optimal solution is derived. Based on the proposed method, the pose variations are automatically learned from the given shape populations. The method is applied in motion animation where new poses are generated by interpolating the existing poses in the training set. The obtained results are smooth and realistic.      
### 34.Realistic text replacement with non-uniform style conditioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04170.pdf)
>  In this work, we study the possibility of realistic text replacement, the goal of which is to replace text present in the image with user-supplied text. The replacement should be performed in a way that will not allow distinguishing the resulting image from the original one. We achieve this goal by developing a novel non-uniform style conditioning layer and apply it to an encoder-decoder ResNet based architecture. The resulting model is a single-stage model, with no post-processing. The proposed model achieves realistic text replacement and outperforms existing approaches on ICDAR MLT.      
### 35.Decentralised Learning from Independent Multi-Domain Labels for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04150.pdf)
>  Deep learning has been successful for many computer vision tasks due to the availability of shared and centralised large sized training data. However, increasing awareness of privacy concerns poses new challenges to deep learning, especially for human subject related recognition such as person re-identification (Re-ID). In this work, we solve the Re-ID problem by decentralised model learning from non-shared private training data distributed at multiple user cites of independent multi-domain labels. We propose a novel paradigm called Federated Person Re-Identification (FedReID) to construct a generalisable Re-ID model (a central server) by simultaneously learning collaboratively from multiple privacy-preserved local models (local clients). Each local client learns domain-specific local knowledge from its own set of labels independent from all the other clients (each client has its own non-shared independent labels), while the central server selects and aggregates transferrable local updates to accumulate domain-generic knowledge (a general feature embedding model) without sharing local data therefore inherently protecting privacy. Extensive experiments on 11 Re-ID benchmarks demonstrate the superiority of FedReID against the state-of-the-art Re-ID methods.      
### 36.Peer Collaborative Learning for Online Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04147.pdf)
>  Traditional knowledge distillation uses a two-stage training strategy to transfer knowledge from a high-capacity teacher model to a smaller student model, which relies heavily on the pre-trained teacher. Recent online knowledge distillation alleviates this limitation by collaborative learning, mutual learning and online ensembling, following a one-stage end-to-end training strategy. However, collaborative learning and mutual learning fail to construct an online high-capacity teacher, whilst online ensembling ignores the collaboration among branches and its logit summation impedes the further optimisation of the ensemble teacher. In this work, we propose a novel Peer Collaborative Learning method for online knowledge distillation. Specifically, we employ a multi-branch network (each branch is a peer) and assemble the features from peers with an additional classifier as the peer ensemble teacher to transfer knowledge from the high-capacity teacher to peers and to further optimise the ensemble teacher. Meanwhile, we employ the temporal mean model of each peer as the peer mean teacher to collaboratively transfer knowledge among peers, which facilitates to optimise a more stable model and alleviate the accumulation of training error among peers. Integrating them into a unified framework takes full advantage of online ensembling and network collaboration for improving the quality of online distillation. Extensive experiments on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and ImageNet show that the proposed method not only significantly improves the generalisation capability of various backbone networks, but also outperforms the state-of-the-art alternative methods.      
### 37.Learning Texture Transformer Network for Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04139.pdf)
>  We study on image super-resolution (SR), which aims to recover realistic textures from a low-resolution (LR) image. Recent progress has been made by taking high-resolution images as references (Ref), so that relevant textures can be transferred to LR images. However, existing SR approaches neglect to use attention mechanisms to transfer high-resolution (HR) textures from Ref images, which limits these approaches in challenging cases. In this paper, we propose a novel Texture Transformer Network for Image Super-Resolution (TTSR), in which the LR and Ref images are formulated as queries and keys in a transformer, respectively. TTSR consists of four closely-related modules optimized for image generation tasks, including a learnable texture extractor by DNN, a relevance embedding module, a hard-attention module for texture transfer, and a soft-attention module for texture synthesis. Such a design encourages joint feature learning across LR and Ref images, in which deep feature correspondences can be discovered by attention, and thus accurate texture features can be transferred. The proposed texture transformer can be further stacked in a cross-scale way, which enables texture recovery from different levels (e.g., from 1x to 4x magnification). Extensive experiments show that TTSR achieves significant improvements over state-of-the-art approaches on both quantitative and qualitative evaluations.      
### 38.ADMP: An Adversarial Double Masks Based Pruning Framework For Unsupervised Cross-Domain Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04127.pdf)
>  Despite the recent progress of network pruning, directly applying it to the Internet of Things (IoT) applications still faces two challenges, i.e. the distribution divergence between end and cloud data and the missing of data label on end devices. One straightforward solution is to combine the unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) technique and pruning. For example, the model is first pruned on the cloud and then transferred from cloud to end by UDA. However, such a naive combination faces high performance degradation. Hence this work proposes an Adversarial Double Masks based Pruning (ADMP) for such cross-domain compression. In ADMP, we construct a Knowledge Distillation framework not only to produce pseudo labels but also to provide a measurement of domain divergence as the output difference between the full-size teacher and the pruned student. Unlike existing mask-based pruning works, two adversarial masks, i.e. soft and hard masks, are adopted in ADMP. So ADMP can prune the model effectively while still allowing the model to extract strong domain-invariant features and robust classification boundaries. During training, the Alternating Direction Multiplier Method is used to overcome the binary constraint of {0,1}-masks. On Office31 and ImageCLEF-DA datasets, the proposed ADMP can prune 60% channels with only 0.2% and 0.3% average accuracy loss respectively. Compared with the state of art, we can achieve about 1.63x parameters reduction and 4.1% and 5.1% accuracy improvement.      
### 39.DiffGCN: Graph Convolutional Networks via Differential Operators and Algebraic Multigrid Pooling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04115.pdf)
>  Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) have shown to be effective in handling unordered data like point cloud and meshes. In this work we propose novel approaches for graph convolution, pooling and unpooling, taking inspiration from finite-elements and algebraic multigrid frameworks. We form a parameterized convolution kernel based on discretized differential operators, leveraging the graph mass, gradient and Laplacian. This way, the parameterization does not depend on the graph structure, only on the meaning of the network convolutions as differential operators. To allow hierarchical representations of the input, we propose pooling and unpooling operations that are based on algebraic multigrid methods. To motivate and explain our method, we compare it to standard Convolutional Neural Networks, and show their similarities and relations in the case of a regular grid. Our proposed method is demonstrated in various experiments like classification and segmentation, achieving on par or better than state of the art results. We also analyze the computational cost of our method compared to other GCNs.      
### 40.Robust Learning Through Cross-Task Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04096.pdf)
>  Visual perception entails solving a wide set of tasks, e.g., object detection, depth estimation, etc. The predictions made for multiple tasks from the same image are not independent, and therefore, are expected to be consistent. We propose a broadly applicable and fully computational method for augmenting learning with Cross-Task Consistency. The proposed formulation is based on inference-path invariance over a graph of arbitrary tasks. We observe that learning with cross-task consistency leads to more accurate predictions and better generalization to out-of-distribution inputs. This framework also leads to an informative unsupervised quantity, called Consistency Energy, based on measuring the intrinsic consistency of the system. Consistency Energy correlates well with the supervised error (r=0.67), thus it can be employed as an unsupervised confidence metric as well as for detection of out-of-distribution inputs (ROC-AUC=0.95). The evaluations are performed on multiple datasets, including Taskonomy, Replica, CocoDoom, and ApolloScape, and they benchmark cross-task consistency versus various baselines including conventional multi-task learning, cycle consistency, and analytical consistency.      
### 41.Multi-view Contrastive Learning for Online Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04093.pdf)
>  Existing Online Knowledge Distillation (OKD) aims to perform collaborative and mutual learning among multiple peer networks in terms of probabilistic outputs, but ignores the representational knowledge. We thus introduce Multi-view Contrastive Learning (MCL) for OKD to implicitly capture correlations of representations encoded by multiple peer networks, which provide various views for understanding the input data samples. Contrastive loss is applied for maximizing the consensus of positive data pairs, while pushing negative data pairs apart in embedding space among various views. Benefit from MCL, we can learn a more discriminative representation for classification than previous OKD methods. Experimental results on image classification and few-shot learning demonstrate that our MCL-OKD outperforms other state-of-the-art methods of both OKD and KD by large margins without sacrificing additional inference cost.      
### 42.End-to-end Learning for Inter-Vehicle Distance and Relative Velocity Estimation in ADAS with a Monocular Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04082.pdf)
>  Inter-vehicle distance and relative velocity estimations are two basic functions for any ADAS (Advanced driver-assistance systems). In this paper, we propose a monocular camera based inter-vehicle distance and relative velocity estimation method based on end-to-end training of a deep neural network. The key novelty of our method is the integration of multiple visual clues provided by any two time-consecutive monocular frames, which include deep feature clue, scene geometry clue, as well as temporal optical flow clue. We also propose a vehicle-centric sampling mechanism to alleviate the effect of perspective distortion in the motion field (\ie optical flow). We implement the method by a light-weight deep neural network. Extensive experiments are conducted which confirm the superior performance of our method over other state-of-the-art methods,in terms of estimation accuracy, computational speed, and memory footprint.      
### 43.CubifAE-3D: Monocular Camera Space Cubification on Autonomous Vehicles for Auto-Encoder based 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04080.pdf)
>  We introduce a method for 3D object detection using a single monocular image. Depth data is used to pre-train an RGB-to-Depth Auto-Encoder (AE). The embedding learnt from this AE is then used to train a 3D Object Detector (3DOD) CNN which is used to regress the parameters of 3D object poses after the encoder from the AE generates a latent embedding from the RGB image. We show that we can pre-train the AE using paired RGB and depth images from simulation data once and subsequently only train the 3DOD network using real data, comprising of RGB images and 3D object pose labels (without the requirement of dense depth). Our 3DOD network utilizes a particular $cubification$ of 3D space around the camera, where each cuboid is tasked with predicting N object poses, along with their class and confidence values. The AE pre-training and this method of dividing the 3D space around the camera into cuboids give our method its name - CubifAE-3D. We demonstrate results for monocular 3D object detection on the Virtual KITTI 2, KITTI, and nuScenes datasets for Autnomous Vehicle (AV) perception.      
### 44.Siamese Keypoint Prediction Network for Visual Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04078.pdf)
>  Visual object tracking aims to estimate the location of an arbitrary target in a video sequence given its initial bounding box. By utilizing offline feature learning, the siamese paradigm has recently been the leading framework for high performance tracking. However, current existing siamese trackers either heavily rely on complicated anchor-based detection networks or lack the ability to resist to distractors. In this paper, we propose the Siamese keypoint prediction network (SiamKPN) to address these challenges. Upon a Siamese backbone for feature embedding, SiamKPN benefits from a cascade heatmap strategy for coarse-to-fine prediction modeling. In particular, the strategy is implemented by sequentially shrinking the coverage of the label heatmap along the cascade to apply loose-to-strict intermediate supervisions. During inference, we find the predicted heatmaps of successive stages to be gradually concentrated to the target and reduced to the distractors. SiamKPN performs well against state-of-the-art trackers for visual object tracking on four benchmark datasets including OTB-100, VOT2018, LaSOT and GOT-10k, while running at real-time speed.      
### 45.NITS-VC System for VATEX Video Captioning Challenge 2020  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04058.pdf)
>  Video captioning is process of summarising the content, event and action of the video into a short textual form which can be helpful in many research areas such as video guided machine translation, video sentiment analysis and providing aid to needy individual. In this paper, a system description of the framework used for VATEX-2020 video captioning challenge is presented. We employ an encoder-decoder based approach in which the visual features of the video are encoded using 3D convolutional neural network (C3D) and in the decoding phase two Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) recurrent networks are used in which visual features and input captions are fused separately and final output is generated by performing element-wise product between the output of both LSTMs. Our model is able to achieve BLEU scores of 0.20 and 0.22 on public and private test data sets respectively.      
### 46.Facial Expression Recognition using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04057.pdf)
>  Throughout the various ages, facial expressions have become one of the universal ways of non-verbal communication. The ability to recognize facial expressions would pave the path for many novel applications. Despite the success of traditional approaches in a controlled environment, these approaches fail on challenging datasets consisting of partial faces. In this paper, I take one such dataset FER-2013 and will implement deep learning models that are able to achieve significant improvement over the previously used traditional approaches and even some of the deep learning models.      
### 47.DeepRelativeFusion: Dense Monocular SLAM using Single-Image Relative Depth Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04047.pdf)
>  Traditional monocular visual simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) algorithms have been extensively studied and proven to reliably recover a sparse structure and camera motion. Nevertheless, the sparse structure is still insufficient for scene interaction, e.g., visual navigation and augmented reality applications. To densify the scene reconstruction, the use of single-image absolute depth prediction from convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for filling in the missing structure has been proposed. However, the prediction accuracy tends to not generalize well on scenes that are different from the training datasets. <br>In this paper, we propose a dense monocular SLAM system, named DeepRelativeFusion, that is capable to recover a globally consistent 3D structure. To this end, we use a visual SLAM algorithm to reliably recover the camera poses and semi-dense depth maps of the keyframes, and then combine the keyframe pose-graph with the densified keyframe depth maps to reconstruct the scene. To perform the densification, we introduce two incremental improvements upon the energy minimization framework proposed by DeepFusion: (1) an additional image gradient term in the cost function, and (2) the use of single-image relative depth prediction. Despite the absence of absolute scale and depth range, the relative depth maps can be corrected using their respective semi-dense depth maps from the SLAM algorithm. We show that the corrected relative depth maps are sufficiently accurate to be used as priors for the densification. To demonstrate the generalizability of relative depth prediction, we illustrate qualitatively the dense reconstruction on two outdoor sequences. Our system also outperforms the state-of-the-art dense SLAM systems quantitatively in dense reconstruction accuracy by a large margin.      
### 48.SVGA-Net: Sparse Voxel-Graph Attention Network for 3D Object Detection from Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04043.pdf)
>  Accurate 3D object detection from point clouds has become a crucial component in autonomous driving. However, the volumetric representations and the projection methods in previous works fail to establish the relationships between the local point sets. In this paper, we propose Sparse Voxel-Graph Attention Network (SVGA-Net), a novel end-to-end trainable network which mainly contains voxel-graph module and sparse-to-dense regression module to achieve comparable 3D detection tasks from raw LIDAR data. Specifically, SVGA-Net constructs the local complete graph within each divided 3D spherical voxel and global KNN graph through all voxels. The local and global graphs serve as the attention mechanism to enhance the extracted features. In addition, the novel sparse-to-dense regression module enhances the 3D box estimation accuracy through feature maps aggregation at different levels. Experiments on KITTI detection benchmark demonstrate the efficiency of extending the graph representation to 3D object detection and the proposed SVGA-Net can achieve decent detection accuracy.      
### 49.SharinGAN: Combining Synthetic and Real Data for Unsupervised Geometry Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04026.pdf)
>  We propose a novel method for combining synthetic and real images when training networks to determine geometric information from a single image. We suggest a method for mapping both image types into a single, shared domain. This is connected to a primary network for end-to-end training. Ideally, this results in images from two domains that present shared information to the primary network. Our experiments demonstrate significant improvements over the state-of-the-art in two important domains, surface normal estimation of human faces and monocular depth estimation for outdoor scenes, both in an unsupervised setting.      
### 50.MeshSDF: Differentiable Iso-Surface Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03997.pdf)
>  Geometric Deep Learning has recently made striking progress with the advent of continuous Deep Implicit Fields. They allow for detailed modeling of watertight surfaces of arbitrary topology while not relying on a 3D Euclidean grid, resulting in a learnable parameterization that is not limited in resolution. <br>Unfortunately, these methods are often not suitable for applications that require an explicit mesh-based surface representation because converting an implicit field to such a representation relies on the Marching Cubes algorithm, which cannot be differentiated with respect to the underlying implicit field. <br>In this work, we remove this limitation and introduce a differentiable way to produce explicit surface mesh representations from Deep Signed Distance Functions. Our key insight is that by reasoning on how implicit field perturbations impact local surface geometry, one can ultimately differentiate the 3D location of surface samples with respect to the underlying deep implicit field. We exploit this to define MeshSDF, an end-to-end differentiable mesh representation which can vary its topology. <br>We use two different applications to validate our theoretical insight: Single-View Reconstruction via Differentiable Rendering and Physically-Driven Shape Optimization. In both cases our differentiable parameterization gives us an edge over state-of-the-art algorithms.      
### 51.Enhancing Facial Data Diversity with Style-based Face Aging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03985.pdf)
>  A significant limiting factor in training fair classifiers relates to the presence of dataset bias. In particular, face datasets are typically biased in terms of attributes such as gender, age, and race. If not mitigated, bias leads to algorithms that exhibit unfair behaviour towards such groups. In this work, we address the problem of increasing the diversity of face datasets with respect to age. Concretely, we propose a novel, generative style-based architecture for data augmentation that captures fine-grained aging patterns by conditioning on multi-resolution age-discriminative representations. By evaluating on several age-annotated datasets in both single- and cross-database experiments, we show that the proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art algorithms for age transfer, especially in the case of age groups that lie in the tails of the label distribution. We further show significantly increased diversity in the augmented datasets, outperforming all compared methods according to established metrics.      
### 52.Self-Supervised Dynamic Networks for Covariate Shift Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03952.pdf)
>  As supervised learning still dominates most AI applications, test-time performance is often unexpected. Specifically, a shift of the input covariates, caused by typical nuisances like background-noise, illumination variations or transcription errors, can lead to a significant decrease in prediction accuracy. Recently, it was shown that incorporating self-supervision can significantly improve covariate shift robustness. In this work, we propose Self-Supervised Dynamic Networks (SSDN): an input-dependent mechanism, inspired by dynamic networks, that allows a self-supervised network to predict the weights of the main network, and thus directly handle covariate shifts at test-time. We present the conceptual and empirical advantages of the proposed method on the problem of image classification under different covariate shifts, and show that it significantly outperforms comparable methods.      
### 53.Self-supervising Fine-grained Region Similarities for Large-scale Image Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03926.pdf)
>  The task of large-scale retrieval-based image localization is to estimate the geographical location of a query image by recognizing its nearest reference images from a city-scale dataset. However, the general public benchmarks only provide noisy GPS labels associated with the training images, which act as weak supervisions for learning image-to-image similarities. Such label noise prevents deep neural networks from learning discriminative features for accurate localization. To tackle this challenge, we propose to self-supervise image-to-region similarities in order to fully explore the potential of difficult positive images alongside their sub-regions. The estimated image-to-region similarities can serve as extra training supervision for improving the network in generations, which could in turn gradually refine the fine-grained similarities to achieve optimal performance. Our proposed self-enhanced image-to-region similarity labels effectively deal with the training bottleneck in the state-of-the-art pipelines without any additional parameters or manual annotations in both training and inference. Our method outperforms state-of-the-arts on the standard localization benchmarks by noticeable margins and shows excellent generalization capability on multiple image retrieval datasets. Code of this work is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yxgeee/SFRS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 54.A Robust Attentional Framework for License Plate Recognition in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03919.pdf)
>  Recognizing car license plates in natural scene images is an important yet still challenging task in realistic applications. Many existing approaches perform well for license plates collected under constrained conditions, eg, shooting in frontal and horizontal view-angles and under good lighting conditions. However, their performance drops significantly in an unconstrained environment that features rotation, distortion, occlusion, blurring, shading or extreme dark or bright conditions. In this work, we propose a robust framework for license plate recognition in the wild. It is composed of a tailored CycleGAN model for license plate image generation and an elaborate designed image-to-sequence network for plate recognition. On one hand, the CycleGAN based plate generation engine alleviates the exhausting human annotation work. Massive amount of training data can be obtained with a more balanced character distribution and various shooting conditions, which helps to boost the recognition accuracy to a large extent. On the other hand, the 2D attentional based license plate recognizer with an Xception-based CNN encoder is capable of recognizing license plates with different patterns under various scenarios accurately and robustly. Without using any heuristics rule or post-processing, our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance on four public datasets, which demonstrates the generality and robustness of our framework. Moreover, we released a new license plate dataset, named "CLPD", with 1200 images from all 31 provinces in mainland China. The dataset can be available from: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wangpengnorman/CLPD_dataset" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 55.Ensemble Network for Ranking Images Based on Visual Appeal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03898.pdf)
>  We propose a computational framework for ranking images (group photos in particular) taken at the same event within a short time span. The ranking is expected to correspond with human perception of overall appeal of the images. We hypothesize and provide evidence through subjective analysis that the factors that appeal to humans are its emotional content, aesthetics and image quality. We propose a network which is an ensemble of three information channels, each predicting a score corresponding to one of the three visual appeal factors. For group emotion estimation, we propose a convolutional neural network (CNN) based architecture for predicting group emotion from images. This new architecture enforces the network to put emphasis on the important regions in the images, and achieves comparable results to the state-of-the-art. Next, we develop a network for the image ranking task that combines group emotion, aesthetics and image quality scores. Owing to the unavailability of suitable databases, we created a new database of manually annotated group photos taken during various social events. We present experimental results on this database and other benchmark databases whenever available. Overall, our experiments show that the proposed framework can reliably predict the overall appeal of images with results closely corresponding to human ranking.      
### 56.The Criminality From Face Illusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03895.pdf)
>  The automatic analysis of face images can generate predictions about a person's gender, age, race, facial expression, body mass index, and various other indices and conditions. A few recent publications have claimed success in analyzing an image of a person's face in order to predict the person's status as Criminal / Non-Criminal. Predicting criminality from face may initially seem similar to other facial analytics, but we argue that attempts to create a criminality-from-face algorithm are necessarily doomed to fail, that apparently promising experimental results in recent publications are an illusion resulting from inadequate experimental design, and that there is potentially a large social cost to belief in the criminality from face illusion.      
### 57.ARID: A New Dataset for Recognizing Action in the Dark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03876.pdf)
>  The task of action recognition in dark videos is useful in various scenarios, e.g., night surveillance and self-driving at night. Though progress has been made in action recognition task for videos in normal illumination, few have studied action recognition in the dark, partly due to the lack of sufficient datasets for such a task. In this paper, we explored the task of action recognition in dark videos. We bridge the gap of the lack of data by collecting a new dataset: the Action Recognition in the Dark (ARID) dataset. It consists of 3,784 video clips with 11 action categories. To the best of our knowledge, it is the first dataset focused on human actions in dark videos. To gain further understanding of our ARID dataset, we analyze our dataset in detail and showed its necessity over synthetic dark videos. Additionally, we benchmark the performance of current action recognition models on our dataset and explored potential methods for increasing their performances. We show that current action recognition models and frame enhancement methods may not be effective solutions for the task of action recognition in dark videos.      
### 58.Towards large-scale, automated, accurate detection of CCTV camera objects using computer vision. Applications and implications for privacy, safety, and cybersecurity. (Preprint)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03870.pdf)
>  While the first CCTV camera was developed almost a century ago back in 1927, currently it is assumed as granted there are about 770 millions CCTV cameras around the globe, and their number is casually predicted to surpass 1 billion in 2021. At the same time the increasing, widespread, unwarranted, and unaccountable use of CCTV cameras globally raises privacy risks and concerns for the last several decades. Recent technological advances implemented in CCTV cameras such as AI-based facial recognition and IoT connectivity only fuel further these concerns raised by privacy-minded persons. <br>However, many of the debates, reports, and policies are based on assumptions and numbers that are neither necessarily factually accurate nor are based on sound methodologies. For example, at present there is no accurate and global understanding of how many CCTV cameras are deployed and in use, where are those cameras located, who owns or operates those cameras, etc. In addition, there are no proper (i.e., sound, accurate, advanced) tools that can help us achieve such counting, localization, and other information gathering. Therefore, new methods and tools must be developed in order to detect, count, and localize the CCTV cameras. <br>To close this gap, with this paper we introduce the first and only computer vision MS COCO-compatible models that are able to accurately detect CCTV and video surveillance cameras in images and video frames. To this end, our state-of-the-art detector was built using 3401 images that were manually reviewed and annotated, and achieves an accuracy between 91,1% - 95,6%. Moreover, we build and evaluate multiple models, present a comprehensive comparison of their performance, and outline core challenges associated with such research. We also present possible privacy-, safety-, and security-related practical applications of our core work.      
### 59.Instance segmentation of buildings using keypoints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03858.pdf)
>  Building segmentation is of great importance in the task of remote sensing imagery interpretation. However, the existing semantic segmentation and instance segmentation methods often lead to segmentation masks with blurred boundaries. In this paper, we propose a novel instance segmentation network for building segmentation in high-resolution remote sensing images. More specifically, we consider segmenting an individual building as detecting several keypoints. The detected keypoints are subsequently reformulated as a closed polygon, which is the semantic boundary of the building. By doing so, the sharp boundary of the building could be preserved. Experiments are conducted on selected Aerial Imagery for Roof Segmentation (AIRS) dataset, and our method achieves better performance in both quantitative and qualitative results with comparison to the state-of-the-art methods. Our network is a bottom-up instance segmentation method that could well preserve geometric details.      
### 60.Building a Heterogeneous, Large Scale Morphable Face Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03840.pdf)
>  3D Morphable Models (3DMMs) are powerful statistical tools for representing and modeling 3D faces. To build a 3DMM, a training set of fully registered face scans is required, and its modeling capabilities directly depend on the variability contained in the training data. Thus, accurately establishing a dense point-to-point correspondence across heterogeneous scans with sufficient diversity in terms of identities, ethnicities, or expressions becomes essential. In this manuscript, we present an approach that leverages a 3DMM to transfer its dense semantic annotation across a large set of heterogeneous 3D faces, establishing a dense correspondence between them. To this aim, we propose a novel formulation to learn a set of sparse deformation components with local support on the face that, together with an original non-rigid deformation algorithm, allow precisely fitting the 3DMM to arbitrary faces and transfer its semantic annotation. We experimented our approach on three large and diverse datasets, showing it can effectively generalize to very different samples and accurately establish a dense correspondence even in presence of complex facial expressions or unseen deformations. As main outcome of this work, we build a heterogeneous, large-scale 3DMM from more than 9,000 fully registered scans obtained joining the three datasets together.      
### 61.3D Self-Supervised Methods for Medical Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03829.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning methods have witnessed a recent surge of interest after proving successful in multiple application fields. In this work, we leverage these techniques, and we propose 3D versions for five different self-supervised methods, in the form of proxy tasks. Our methods facilitate neural network feature learning from unlabeled 3D images, aiming to reduce the required cost for expert annotation. The developed algorithms are 3D Contrastive Predictive Coding, 3D Rotation prediction, 3D Jigsaw puzzles, Relative 3D patch location, and 3D Exemplar networks. Our experiments show that pretraining models with our 3D tasks yields more powerful semantic representations, and enables solving downstream tasks more accurately and efficiently, compared to training the models from scratch and to pretraining them on 2D slices. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our methods on three downstream tasks from the medical imaging domain: i) Brain Tumor Segmentation from 3D MRI, ii) Pancreas Tumor Segmentation from 3D CT, and iii) Diabetic Retinopathy Detection from 2D Fundus images. In each task, we assess the gains in data-efficiency, performance, and speed of convergence. We achieve results competitive to state-of-the-art solutions at a fraction of the computational expense. We also publish the implementations for the 3D and 2D versions of our algorithms as an open-source library, in an effort to allow other researchers to apply and extend our methods on their datasets.      
### 62.UCLID-Net: Single View Reconstruction in Object Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03817.pdf)
>  Most state-of-the-art deep geometric learning single-view reconstruction approaches rely on encoder-decoder architectures that output either shape parametrizations or implicit representations. However, these representations rarely preserve the Euclidean structure of the 3D space objects exist in. In this paper, we show that building a geometry preserving 3-dimensional latent space helps the network concurrently learn global shape regularities and local reasoning in the object coordinate space and, as a result, boosts performance. <br>We demonstrate both on ShapeNet synthetic images, which are often used for benchmarking purposes, and on real-world images that our approach outperforms state-of-the-art ones. Furthermore, the single-view pipeline naturally extends to multi-view reconstruction, which we also show.      
### 63.An Empirical Analysis of the Impact of Data Augmentation on Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03810.pdf)
>  Generalization Performance of Deep Learning models trained using the Empirical Risk Minimization can be improved significantly by using Data Augmentation strategies such as simple transformations, or using Mixed Samples. In this work, we attempt to empirically analyse the impact of such augmentation strategies on the transfer of generalization between teacher and student models in a distillation setup. We observe that if a teacher is trained using any of the mixed sample augmentation strategies, the student model distilled from it is impaired in its generalization capabilities. We hypothesize that such strategies limit a model's capability to learn example-specific features, leading to a loss in quality of the supervision signal during distillation, without impacting it's standalone prediction performance. We present a novel KL-Divergence based metric to quantitatively measure the generalization capacity of the different networks.      
### 64.Extracting Cellular Location of Human Proteins Using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03800.pdf)
>  Understanding and extracting the patterns of microscopy images has been a major challenge in the biomedical field. Although trained scientists can locate the proteins of interest within a human cell, this procedure is not efficient and accurate enough to process a large amount of data and it often leads to bias. To resolve this problem, we attempted to create an automatic image classifier using Machine Learning to locate human proteins with higher speed and accuracy than human beings. We implemented a Convolution Neural Network with Residue and Squeeze-Excitation layers classifier to locate given proteins of any type in a subcellular structure. After training the model using a series of techniques, it can locate thousands of proteins in 27 different human cell types into 28 subcellular locations, way significant than historical approaches. The model can classify 4,500 images per minute with an accuracy of 63.07%, surpassing human performance in accuracy (by 35%) and speed. Because our system can be implemented on different cell types, it opens a new vision of understanding in the biomedical field. From the locational information of the human proteins, doctors can easily detect cell's abnormal behaviors including viral infection, pathogen invasion, and malignant tumor development. Given the amount of data generalized by experiments are greater than that human can analyze, the model cut down the human resources and time needed to analyze data. Moreover, this locational information can be used in different scenarios like subcellular engineering, medical care, and etiology inspection.      
### 65.Deep Mining External Imperfect Data for Chest X-ray Disease Screening  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03796.pdf)
>  Deep learning approaches have demonstrated remarkable progress in automatic Chest X-ray analysis. The data-driven feature of deep models requires training data to cover a large distribution. Therefore, it is substantial to integrate knowledge from multiple datasets, especially for medical images. However, learning a disease classification model with extra Chest X-ray (CXR) data is yet challenging. Recent researches have demonstrated that performance bottleneck exists in joint training on different CXR datasets, and few made efforts to address the obstacle. In this paper, we argue that incorporating an external CXR dataset leads to imperfect training data, which raises the challenges. Specifically, the imperfect data is in two folds: domain discrepancy, as the image appearances vary across datasets; and label discrepancy, as different datasets are partially labeled. To this end, we formulate the multi-label thoracic disease classification problem as weighted independent binary tasks according to the categories. For common categories shared across domains, we adopt task-specific adversarial training to alleviate the feature differences. For categories existing in a single dataset, we present uncertainty-aware temporal ensembling of model predictions to mine the information from the missing labels further. In this way, our framework simultaneously models and tackles the domain and label discrepancies, enabling superior knowledge mining ability. We conduct extensive experiments on three datasets with more than 360,000 Chest X-ray images. Our method outperforms other competing models and sets state-of-the-art performance on the official NIH test set with 0.8349 AUC, demonstrating its effectiveness of utilizing the external dataset to improve the internal classification.      
### 66.No-Reference Image Quality Assessment via Feature Fusion and Multi-Task Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03783.pdf)
>  Blind or no-reference image quality assessment (NR-IQA) is a fundamental, unsolved, and yet challenging problem due to the unavailability of a reference image. It is vital to the streaming and social media industries that impact billions of viewers daily. Although previous NR-IQA methods leveraged different feature extraction approaches, the performance bottleneck still exists. In this paper, we propose a simple and yet effective general-purpose no-reference (NR) image quality assessment (IQA) framework based on multi-task learning. Our model employs distortion types as well as subjective human scores to predict image quality. We propose a feature fusion method to utilize distortion information to improve the quality score estimation task. In our experiments, we demonstrate that by utilizing multi-task learning and our proposed feature fusion method, our model yields better performance for the NR-IQA task. To demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach, we test our approach on seven standard datasets and show that we achieve state-of-the-art results on various datasets.      
### 67.MAGNet: Multi-Region Attention-Assisted Grounding of Natural Language Queries at Phrase Level  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03776.pdf)
>  Grounding free-form textual queries necessitates an understanding of these textual phrases and its relation to the visual cues to reliably reason about the described locations. Spatial attention networks are known to learn this relationship and focus its gaze on salient objects in the image. Thus, we propose to utilize spatial attention networks for image-level visual-textual fusion preserving local (word) and global (phrase) information to refine region proposals with an in-network Region Proposal Network (RPN) and detect single or multiple regions for a phrase query. We focus only on the phrase query - ground truth pair (referring expression) for a model independent of the constraints of the datasets i.e. additional attributes, context etc. For such referring expression dataset ReferIt game, our Multi-region Attention-assisted Grounding network (MAGNet) achieves over 12\% improvement over the state-of-the-art. Without the context from image captions and attribute information in Flickr30k Entities, we still achieve competitive results compared to the state-of-the-art.      
### 68.Deep Octree-based CNNs with Output-Guided Skip Connections for 3D Shape and Scene Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03762.pdf)
>  Acquiring complete and clean 3D shape and scene data is challenging due to geometric occlusion and insufficient views during 3D capturing. We present a simple yet effective deep learning approach for completing the input noisy and incomplete shapes or scenes. Our network is built upon the octree-based CNNs (O-CNN) with U-Net like structures, which enjoys high computational and memory efficiency and supports to construct a very deep network structure for 3D CNNs. A novel output-guided skip-connection is introduced to the network structure for better preserving the input geometry and learning geometry prior from data effectively. We show that with these simple adaptions -- output-guided skip-connection and deeper O-CNN (up to 70 layers), our network achieves state-of-the-art results in 3D shape completion and semantic scene computation.      
### 69.GRNet: Gridding Residual Network for Dense Point Cloud Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03761.pdf)
>  Estimating the complete 3D point cloud from an incomplete one is a key problem in many vision and robotics applications. Mainstream methods (e.g., PCN and TopNet) use Multi-layer Perceptrons (MLPs) to directly process point clouds, which may cause the loss of details because the structural and context of point clouds are not fully considered. To solve this problem, we introduce 3D grids as intermediate representations to regularize unordered point clouds. We therefore propose a novel Gridding Residual Network (GRNet) for point cloud completion. In particular, we devise two novel differentiable layers, named Gridding and Gridding Reverse, to convert between point clouds and 3D grids without losing structural information. We also present the differentiable Cubic Feature Sampling layer to extract features of neighboring points, which preserves context information. In addition, we design a new loss function, namely Gridding Loss, to calculate the L1 distance between the 3D grids of the predicted and ground truth point clouds, which is helpful to recover details. Experimental results indicate that the proposed GRNet performs favorably against state-of-the-art methods on the ShapeNet, Completion3D, and KITTI benchmarks.      
### 70.Auxiliary Signal-Guided Knowledge Encoder-Decoder for Medical Report Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03744.pdf)
>  Beyond the common difficulties faced in the natural image captioning, medical report generation specifically requires the model to describe a medical image with a fine-grained and semantic-coherence paragraph that should satisfy both medical commonsense and logic. Previous works generally extract the global image features and attempt to generate a paragraph that is similar to referenced reports; however, this approach has two limitations. Firstly, the regions of primary interest to radiologists are usually located in a small area of the global image, meaning that the remainder parts of the image could be considered as irrelevant noise in the training procedure. Secondly, there are many similar sentences used in each medical report to describe the normal regions of the image, which causes serious data bias. This deviation is likely to teach models to generate these inessential sentences on a regular basis. To address these problems, we propose an Auxiliary Signal-Guided Knowledge Encoder-Decoder (ASGK) to mimic radiologists' working patterns. In more detail, ASGK integrates internal visual feature fusion and external medical linguistic information to guide medical knowledge transfer and learning. The core structure of ASGK consists of a medical graph encoder and a natural language decoder, inspired by advanced Generative Pre-Training (GPT). Experiments on the CX-CHR dataset and our COVID-19 CT Report dataset demonstrate that our proposed ASGK is able to generate a robust and accurate report, and moreover outperforms state-of-the-art methods on both medical terminology classification and paragraph generation metrics.      
### 71.Simple Primary Colour Editing for Consumer Product Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03743.pdf)
>  We present a simple primary colour editing method for consumer product images. We show that by using colour correction and colour blending, we can automate the pain-staking colour editing task and save time for consumer colour preference researchers. To improve the colour harmony between the primary colour and its complementary colours, our algorithm also tunes the other colours in the image. Preliminary experiment has shown some promising results compared with a state-of-the-art method and human editing.      
### 72.Unsupervised Abnormality Detection Using Heterogeneous Autonomous Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03733.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection in a surveillance scenario is an emerging and challenging field of research. For autonomous vehicles like drones or cars, it is immensely important to distinguish between normal and abnormal states in real-time to avoid/detect potential threats. But the nature and degree of abnormality may vary depending upon the actual environment and adversary. As a result, it is impractical to model all cases a priori and use supervised methods to classify. Also, an autonomous vehicle provides various data types like images and other analog or digital sensor data. In this paper, a heterogeneous system is proposed which estimates the degree of abnormality of an environment using drone-feed, analyzing real-time image and IMU sensor data in an unsupervised manner. Here, we have demonstrated AngleNet (a novel CNN architecture) to estimate the angle between a normal image and another image under consideration, which provides us with a measure of anomaly. Moreover, the IMU data are used in clustering models to predict abnormality. Finally, the results from these two algorithms are ensembled to estimate the final abnormality. The proposed method performs satisfactorily on the IEEE SP Cup-2020 dataset with an accuracy of 99.92%. Additionally, we have also tested this approach on an in-house dataset to validate its robustness.      
### 73.WOAD: Weakly Supervised Online Action Detection in Untrimmed Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03732.pdf)
>  Online action detection in untrimmed videos aims to identify an action as it happens, which makes it very important for real-time applications. Previous methods rely on tedious annotations of temporal action boundaries for model training, which hinders the scalability of online action detection systems. We propose WOAD, a weakly supervised framework that can be trained using only video-class labels. WOAD contains two jointly-trained modules, i.e., temporal proposal generator (TPG) and online action recognizer (OAR). Supervised by video-class labels, TPG works offline and targets on accurately mining pseudo frame-level labels for OAR. With the supervisory signals from TPG, OAR learns to conduct action detection in an online fashion. Experimental results on THUMOS'14 and ActivityNet1.2 show that our weakly-supervised method achieves competitive performance compared to previous strongly-supervised methods. Beyond that, our method is flexible to leverage strong supervision when it is available. When strongly supervised, our method sets new state-of-the-art results in the online action detection tasks including online per-frame action recognition and online detection of action start.      
### 74.Dilated Convolutions with Lateral Inhibitions for Semantic Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03708.pdf)
>  Dilated convolutions are widely used in deep semantic segmentation models as they can enlarge the filters' receptive field without adding additional weights nor sacrificing spatial resolution. However, as dilated convolutional filters do not possess positional knowledge about the pixels on semantically meaningful contours, they could lead to ambiguous predictions on object boundaries. In addition, although dilating the filter can expand its receptive field, the total number of sampled pixels remains unchanged, which usually comprises a small fraction of the receptive field's total area. Inspired by the Lateral Inhibition (LI) mechanisms in human visual systems, we propose the dilated convolution with lateral inhibitions (LI-Convs) to overcome these limitations. Introducing LI mechanisms improves the convolutional filter's sensitivity to semantic object boundaries. Moreover, since LI-Convs also implicitly take the pixels from the laterally inhibited zones into consideration, they can also extract features at a denser scale. By integrating LI-Convs into the Deeplabv3+ architecture, we propose the Lateral Inhibited Atrous Spatial Pyramid Pooling (LI-ASPP) and the Lateral Inhibited MobileNet-V2 (LI-MNV2). Experimental results on three benchmark datasets (PASCAL VOC 2012, CelebAMask-HQ and ADE20K) show that our LI-based segmentation models outperform the baseline on all of them, thus verify the effectiveness and generality of the proposed LI-Convs.      
### 75.Visual Transformers: Token-based Image Representation and Processing for Computer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03677.pdf)
>  Computer vision has achieved great success using standardized image representations -- pixel arrays, and the corresponding deep learning operators -- convolutions. In this work, we challenge this paradigm: we instead (a) represent images as a set of visual tokens and (b) apply visual transformers to find relationships between visual semantic concepts. Given an input image, we dynamically extract a set of visual tokens from the image to obtain a compact representation for high-level semantics. We then use visual transformers to operate over the visual tokens to densely model relationships between them. We find that this paradigm of token-based image representation and processing drastically outperforms its convolutional counterparts on image classification and semantic segmentation. To demonstrate the power of this approach on ImageNet classification, we use ResNet as a convenient baseline and use visual transformers to replace the last stage of convolutions. This reduces the stage's MACs by up to 6.9x, while attaining up to 4.53 points higher top-1 accuracy. For semantic segmentation, we use a visual-transformer-based FPN (VT-FPN) module to replace a convolution-based FPN, saving 6.5x fewer MACs while achieving up to 0.35 points higher mIoU on LIP and COCO-stuff.      
### 76.AutoHAS: Differentiable Hyper-parameter and Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03656.pdf)
>  Neural Architecture Search (NAS) has achieved significant progress in pushing state-of-the-art performance. While previous NAS methods search for different network architectures with the same hyper-parameters, we argue that such search would lead to sub-optimal results. We empirically observe that different architectures tend to favor their own hyper-parameters. In this work, we extend NAS to a broader and more practical space by combining hyper-parameter and architecture search. As architecture choices are often categorical whereas hyper-parameter choices are often continuous, a critical challenge here is how to handle these two types of values in a joint search space. To tackle this challenge, we propose AutoHAS, a differentiable hyper-parameter and architecture search approach, with the idea of discretizing the continuous space into a linear combination of multiple categorical basis. A key element of AutoHAS is the use of weight sharing across all architectures and hyper-parameters which enables efficient search over the large joint search space. Experimental results on MobileNet/ResNet/EfficientNet/BERT show that AutoHAS significantly improves accuracy up to 2% on ImageNet and F1 score up to 0.4 on SQuAD 1.1, with search cost comparable to training a single model. Compared to other AutoML methods, such as random search or Bayesian methods, AutoHAS can achieve better accuracy with 10x less compute cost.      
### 77.RIT-Eyes: Rendering of near-eye images for eye-tracking applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03642.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks for video-based eye tracking have demonstrated resilience to noisy environments, stray reflections, and low resolution. However, to train these networks, a large number of manually annotated images are required. To alleviate the cumbersome process of manual labeling, computer graphics rendering is employed to automatically generate a large corpus of annotated eye images under various conditions. In this work, we introduce a synthetic eye image generation platform that improves upon previous work by adding features such as an active deformable iris, an aspherical cornea, retinal retro-reflection, gaze-coordinated eye-lid deformations, and blinks. To demonstrate the utility of our platform, we render images reflecting the represented gaze distributions inherent in two publicly available datasets, NVGaze and OpenEDS. We also report on the performance of two semantic segmentation architectures (SegNet and RITnet) trained on rendered images and tested on the original datasets.      
### 78.Knowledge transfer between bridges for drive-by monitoring using adversarial and multi-task learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03641.pdf)
>  Monitoring bridge health using the vibrations of drive-by vehicles has various benefits, such as low cost and no need for direct installation or on-site maintenance of equipment on the bridge. However, many such approaches require labeled data from every bridge, which is expensive and time-consuming, if not impossible, to obtain. This is further exacerbated by having multiple diagnostic tasks, such as damage quantification and localization. One way to address this issue is to directly apply the supervised model trained for one bridge to other bridges, although this may significantly reduce the accuracy because of distribution mismatch between different bridges'data. To alleviate these problems, we introduce a transfer learning framework using domain-adversarial training and multi-task learning to detect, localize and quantify damage. Specifically, we train a deep network in an adversarial way to learn features that are 1) sensitive to damage and 2) invariant to different bridges. In addition, to improve the error propagation from one task to the next, our framework learns shared features for all the tasks using multi-task learning. We evaluate our framework using lab-scale experiments with two different bridges. On average, our framework achieves 94%, 97% and 84% accuracy for damage detection, localization and quantification, respectively. within one damage severity level.      
### 79.Robust Face Verification via Disentangled Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03638.pdf)
>  We introduce a robust algorithm for face verification, i.e., deciding whether twoimages are of the same person or not. Our approach is a novel take on the idea ofusing deep generative networks for adversarial robustness. We use the generativemodel during training as an online augmentation method instead of a test-timepurifier that removes adversarial noise. Our architecture uses a contrastive loss termand a disentangled generative model to sample negative pairs. Instead of randomlypairing two real images, we pair an image with its class-modified counterpart whilekeeping its content (pose, head tilt, hair, etc.) intact. This enables us to efficientlysample hard negative pairs for the contrastive loss. We experimentally show that, when coupled with adversarial training, the proposed scheme converges with aweak inner solver and has a higher clean and robust accuracy than state-of-the-art-methods when evaluated against white-box physical attacks.      
### 80.SparseFusion: Dynamic Human Avatar Modeling from Sparse RGBD Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03630.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel approach to reconstruct 3D human body shapes based on a sparse set of RGBD frames using a single RGBD camera. We specifically focus on the realistic settings where human subjects move freely during the capture. The main challenge is how to robustly fuse these sparse frames into a canonical 3D model, under pose changes and surface occlusions. This is addressed by our new framework consisting of the following steps. First, based on a generative human template, for every two frames having sufficient overlap, an initial pairwise alignment is performed; It is followed by a global non-rigid registration procedure, in which partial results from RGBD frames are collected into a unified 3D shape, under the guidance of correspondences from the pairwise alignment; Finally, the texture map of the reconstructed human model is optimized to deliver a clear and spatially consistent texture. Empirical evaluations on synthetic and real datasets demonstrate both quantitatively and qualitatively the superior performance of our framework in reconstructing complete 3D human models with high fidelity. It is worth noting that our framework is flexible, with potential applications going beyond shape reconstruction. As an example, we showcase its use in reshaping and reposing to a new avatar.      
### 81.Inception Augmentation Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03622.pdf)
>  Successful training of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) requires a substantial amount of data. With small datasets, networks generalize poorly. Data Augmentation techniques improve the generalizability of neural networks by using existing training data more effectively. Standard data augmentation methods, however, produce limited plausible alternative data. Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have been utilized to generate new data and improve CNN performance. Nevertheless, generative models have not been used for augmenting data to improve the training of another generative model. In this work, we propose a new GAN architecture for semi-supervised augmentation of chest X-rays for the detection of pneumonia. We show that the proposed GAN can augment data for a specific class of images (pneumonia) using images from both classes (pneumonia and normal) in an image domain (chest X-rays). We demonstrate that using our proposed GAN-based data augmentation method significantly improves the performance of the state-of-the-art anomaly detection architecture, AnoGAN, in detecting pneumonia in chest X-rays, increasing AUC from 0.83 to 0.88.      
### 82.Motion Prediction using Trajectory Sets and Self-Driving Domain Knowledge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04767.pdf)
>  Predicting the future motion of vehicles has been studied using various techniques, including stochastic policies, generative models, and regression. Recent work has shown that classification over a trajectory set, which approximates possible motions, achieves state-of-the-art performance and avoids issues like mode collapse. However, map information and the physical relationships between nearby trajectories is not fully exploited in this formulation. We build on classification-based approaches to motion prediction by adding an auxiliary loss that penalizes off-road predictions. This auxiliary loss can easily be \emph{pretrained} using only map information (e.g., off-road area), which significantly improves performance on small datasets. We also investigate weighted cross-entropy losses to capture spatial-temporal relationships among trajectories. Our final contribution is a detailed comparison of classification and ordinal regression on two public self-driving datasets.      
### 83.Biomechanics-informed Neural Networks for Myocardial Motion Tracking in MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04725.pdf)
>  Image registration is an ill-posed inverse problem which often requires regularisation on the solution space. In contrast to most of the current approaches which impose explicit regularisation terms such as smoothness, in this paper we propose a novel method that can implicitly learn biomechanics-informed regularisation. Such an approach can incorporate application-specific prior knowledge into deep learning based registration. Particularly, the proposed biomechanics-informed regularisation leverages a variational autoencoder (VAE) to learn a manifold for biomechanically plausible deformations and to implicitly capture their underlying properties via reconstructing biomechanical simulations. The learnt VAE regulariser then can be coupled with any deep learning based registration network to regularise the solution space to be biomechanically plausible. The proposed method is validated in the context of myocardial motion tracking in cardiac MRI data. The results show that it can achieve better performance against other competing methods in terms of motion tracking accuracy and has the ability to learn biomechanical properties such as incompressibility and strains. The method has also been shown to have better generalisability to unseen domains compared with commonly used L2 regularisation schemes.      
### 84.Neural Architecture Search without Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04647.pdf)
>  The time and effort involved in hand-designing deep neural networks is immense. This has prompted the development of Neural Architecture Search (NAS) techniques to automate this design. However, NAS algorithms tend to be extremely slow and expensive; they need to train vast numbers of candidate networks to inform the search process. This could be remedied if we could infer a network's trained accuracy from its initial state. In this work, we examine how the linear maps induced by data points correlate for untrained network architectures in the NAS-Bench-201 search space, and motivate how this can be used to give a measure of modelling flexibility which is highly indicative of a network's trained performance. We incorporate this measure into a simple algorithm that allows us to search for powerful networks without any training in a matter of seconds on a single GPU. Code to reproduce our experiments is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BayesWatch/nas-without-training" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 85.End-to-end learning for semiquantitative rating of COVID-19 severity on Chest X-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04603.pdf)
>  In this work we designed an end-to-end deep learning architecture for predicting, on Chest X-rays images (CRX), a multi-regional score conveying the degree of lung compromise in COVID-19 patients. Such semiquantitative scoring system, namely Brixia-score, was applied in serial monitoring of such patients, showing significant prognostic value, in one of the hospitals that experienced one of the highest pandemic peaks in Italy. To solve such a challenging visual task, we adopt a weakly supervised learning strategy structured to handle different tasks (segmentation, spatial alignment, and score estimation) trained with a "from part to whole" procedure involving different datasets. In particular, we exploited a clinical dataset of almost 5,000 CXR annotated images collected in the same hospital. Our BS-Net demonstrated self-attentive behavior and a high degree of accuracy in all processing stages. Through inter-rater agreement tests and a gold standard comparison, we were able to show that our solution outperforms single human annotators in rating accuracy and consistency, thus supporting the possibility of using this tool in contexts of computer-assisted monitoring. Highly resolved (super-pixel level) explainability maps were also generated, with an original technique, to visually help the understanding of the network activity on the lung areas. We eventually tested the performance robustness of our model on a variegated public COVID-19 dataset, for which we also provide Brixia-score annotations, observing good direct generalization and fine-tuning capabilities that favorably highlight the portability of BS-Net in other clinical settings.      
### 86.On Universalized Adversarial and Invariant Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04449.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks or standard CNNs (StdCNNs) are translation-equivariant models that achieve translation invariance when trained on data augmented with sufficient translations. Recent work on equivariant models for a given group of transformations (e.g., rotations) has lead to group-equivariant convolutional neural networks (GCNNs). GCNNs trained on data augmented with sufficient rotations achieve rotation invariance. Recent work by authors <a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="2002.11318" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2002.11318">arXiv:2002.11318</a> studies a trade-off between invariance and robustness to adversarial attacks. In another related work <a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="2005.08632" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2005.08632">arXiv:2005.08632</a>, given any model and any input-dependent attack that satisfies a certain spectral property, the authors propose a universalization technique called SVD-Universal to produce a universal adversarial perturbation by looking at very few test examples. In this paper, we study the effectiveness of SVD-Universal on GCNNs as they gain rotation invariance through higher degree of training augmentation. We empirically observe that as GCNNs gain rotation invariance through training augmented with larger rotations, the fooling rate of SVD-Universal gets better. To understand this phenomenon, we introduce universal invariant directions and study their relation to the universal adversarial direction produced by SVD-Universal.      
### 87.Training Deep Spiking Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04436.pdf)
>  Computation using brain-inspired spiking neural networks (SNNs) with neuromorphic hardware may offer orders of magnitude higher energy efficiency compared to the current analog neural networks (ANNs). Unfortunately, training SNNs with the same number of layers as state of the art ANNs remains a challenge. To our knowledge the only method which is successful in this regard is supervised training of ANN and then converting it to SNN. In this work we directly train deep SNNs using backpropagation with surrogate gradient and find that due to implicitly recurrent nature of feed forward SNN's the exploding or vanishing gradient problem severely hinders their training. We show that this problem can be solved by tuning the surrogate gradient function. We also propose using batch normalization from ANN literature on input currents of SNN neurons. Using these improvements we show that is is possible to train SNN with ResNet50 architecture on CIFAR100 and Imagenette object recognition datasets. The trained SNN falls behind in accuracy compared to analogous ANN but requires several orders of magnitude less inference time steps (as low as 10) to reach good accuracy compared to SNNs obtained by conversion from ANN which require on the order of 1000 time steps.      
### 88.Cross-Domain Segmentation with Adversarial Loss and Covariate Shift for Biomedical Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04390.pdf)
>  Despite the widespread use of deep learning methods for semantic segmentation of images that are acquired from a single source, clinicians often use multi-domain data for a detailed analysis. For instance, CT and MRI have advantages over each other in terms of imaging quality, artifacts, and output characteristics that lead to differential diagnosis. The capacity of current segmentation techniques is only allow to work for an individual domain due to their differences. However, the models that are capable of working on all modalities are essentially needed for a complete solution. Furthermore, robustness is drastically affected by the number of samples in the training step, especially for deep learning models. Hence, there is a necessity that all available data regardless of data domain should be used for reliable methods. For this purpose, this manuscript aims to implement a novel model that can learn robust representations from cross-domain data by encapsulating distinct and shared patterns from different modalities. Precisely, covariate shift property is retained with structural modification and adversarial loss where sparse and rich representations are obtained. Hence, a single parameter set is used to perform cross-domain segmentation task. The superiority of the proposed method is that no information related to modalities are provided in either training or inference phase. The tests on CT and MRI liver data acquired in routine clinical workflows show that the proposed model outperforms all other baseline with a large margin. Experiments are also conducted on Covid-19 dataset that it consists of CT data where significant intra-class visual differences are observed. Similarly, the proposed method achieves the best performance.      
### 89.Learning the Compositional Visual Coherence for Complementary Recommendations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04380.pdf)
>  Complementary recommendations, which aim at providing users product suggestions that are supplementary and compatible with their obtained items, have become a hot topic in both academia and industry in recent years. %However, it is challenging due to its complexity and subjectivity. Existing work mainly focused on modeling the co-purchased relations between two items, but the compositional associations of item collections are largely unexplored. Actually, when a user chooses the complementary items for the purchased products, it is intuitive that she will consider the visual semantic coherence (such as color collocations, texture compatibilities) in addition to global impressions. Towards this end, in this paper, we propose a novel Content Attentive Neural Network (CANN) to model the comprehensive compositional coherence on both global contents and semantic contents. Specifically, we first propose a \textit{Global Coherence Learning} (GCL) module based on multi-heads attention to model the global compositional coherence. Then, we generate the semantic-focal representations from different semantic regions and design a \textit{Focal Coherence Learning} (FCL) module to learn the focal compositional coherence from different semantic-focal representations. Finally, we optimize the CANN in a novel compositional optimization strategy. Extensive experiments on the large-scale real-world data clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of CANN compared with several state-of-the-art methods.      
### 90.Photoacoustic Microscopy with Sparse Data Enabled by Convolutional Neural Networks for Fast Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04368.pdf)
>  Photoacoustic microscopy (PAM) has been a promising biomedical imaging technology in recent years. However, the point-by-point scanning mechanism results in low-speed imaging, which limits the application of PAM. Reducing sampling density can naturally shorten image acquisition time, which is at the cost of image quality. In this work, we propose a method using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to improve the quality of sparse PAM images, thereby speeding up image acquisition while keeping good image quality. The CNN model utilizes both squeeze-and-excitation blocks and residual blocks to achieve the enhancement, which is a mapping from a 1/4 or 1/16 low-sampling sparse PAM image to a latent fully-sampled image. The perceptual loss function is applied to keep the fidelity of images. The model is mainly trained and validated on PAM images of leaf veins. The experiments show the effectiveness of our proposed method, which significantly outperforms existing methods quantitatively and qualitatively. Our model is also tested using in vivo PAM images of blood vessels of mouse ears and eyes. The results show that the model can enhance the image quality of the sparse PAM image of blood vessels from several aspects, which may help fast PAM and facilitate its clinical applications.      
### 91.Multi-step Estimation for Gradient-based Meta-learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04298.pdf)
>  Gradient-based meta-learning approaches have been successful in few-shot learning, transfer learning, and a wide range of other domains. Despite its efficacy and simplicity, the burden of calculating the Hessian matrix with large memory footprints is the critical challenge in large-scale applications. To tackle this issue, we propose a simple yet straightforward method to reduce the cost by reusing the same gradient in a window of inner steps. We describe the dynamics of the multi-step estimation in the Lagrangian formalism and discuss how to reduce evaluating second-order derivatives estimating the dynamics. To validate our method, we experiment on meta-transfer learning and few-shot learning tasks for multiple settings. The experiment on meta-transfer emphasizes the applicability of training meta-networks, where other approximations are limited. For few-shot learning, we evaluate time and memory complexities compared with popular baselines. We show that our method significantly reduces training time and memory usage, maintaining competitive accuracies, or even outperforming in some cases.      
### 92.EDropout: Energy-Based Dropout and Pruning of Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04270.pdf)
>  Dropout is well-known as an effective regularization method by sampling a sub-network from a larger deep neural network and training different sub-networks on different subsets of the data. Inspired by the concept of dropout, we stochastically select, train, and evolve a population of sub-networks, where each sub-network is represented by a state vector and a scalar energy. The proposed energy-based dropout (EDropout) method provides a unified framework that can be applied on any arbitrary neural network without the need for proper normalization. The concept of energy in EDropout has the capability of handling diverse number of constraints without any limit on the size or length of the state vectors. The selected set of sub-networks converges during the training to a sub-network that minimizes the energy of the candidate state vectors. The rest of training time is then allocated to fine-tuning the selected sub-network. This process will be equivalent to pruning. We evaluate the proposed method on different flavours of ResNets, AlexNet, and SqueezeNet on the Kuzushiji, Fashion, CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and Flowers datasets, and compare with the state-of-the-art pruning and compression methods. We show that on average the networks trained with EDropout achieve a pruning rate of more than 50% of the trainable parameters with approximately &lt;5% and &lt;1% drop of Top-1 and Top-5 classification accuracy, respectively.      
### 93.Self-Representation Based Unsupervised Exemplar Selection in a Union of Subspaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04246.pdf)
>  Finding a small set of representatives from an unlabeled dataset is a core problem in a broad range of applications such as dataset summarization and information extraction. Classical exemplar selection methods such as $k$-medoids work under the assumption that the data points are close to a few cluster centroids, and cannot handle the case where data lie close to a union of subspaces. This paper proposes a new exemplar selection model that searches for a subset that best reconstructs all data points as measured by the $\ell_1$ norm of the representation coefficients. Geometrically, this subset best covers all the data points as measured by the Minkowski functional of the subset. To solve our model efficiently, we introduce a farthest first search algorithm that iteratively selects the worst represented point as an exemplar. When the dataset is drawn from a union of independent subspaces, our method is able to select sufficiently many representatives from each subspace. We further develop an exemplar based subspace clustering method that is robust to imbalanced data and efficient for large scale data. Moreover, we show that a classifier trained on the selected exemplars (when they are labeled) can correctly classify the rest of the data points.      
### 94.Unsupervised Learning for Subterranean Junction Recognition Based on 2D Point Cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04225.pdf)
>  This article proposes a novel unsupervised learning framework for detecting the number of tunnel junctions in subterranean environments based on acquired 2D point clouds. The implementation of the framework provides valuable information for high level mission planners to navigate an aerial platform in unknown areas or robot homing missions. The framework utilizes spectral clustering, which is capable of uncovering hidden structures from connected data points lying on non-linear manifolds. The spectral clustering algorithm computes a spectral embedding of the original 2D point cloud by utilizing the eigen decomposition of a matrix that is derived from the pairwise similarities of these points. We validate the developed framework using multiple data-sets, collected from multiple realistic simulations, as well as from real flights in underground environments, demonstrating the performance and merits of the proposed methodology.      
### 95.A multi-channel framework for joint reconstruction of multi-contrast parallel MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04128.pdf)
>  Compressed sensing, multi-contrast and parallel imaging are all techniques that exploit certain types of redundancies to speed up image acquisition process and image quality in MRI. Although each individual category has been well developed, the combination of the three has not received significant attention, much less the potential benefit of isotropy within such a setting. In this paper, a novel isotropic multi-channel image regularizer is introduced, and its full potential is unleashed by integrating it into compressed multi-contrast multi-coil MRI.      
### 96.A Generic First-Order Algorithmic Framework for Bi-Level Programming Beyond Lower-Level Singleton  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04045.pdf)
>  In recent years, a variety of gradient-based first-order methods have been developed to solve bi-level optimization problems for learning applications. However, theoretical guarantees of these existing approaches heavily rely on the simplification that for each fixed upper-level variable, the lower-level solution must be a singleton (a.k.a., Lower-Level Singleton, LLS). In this work, we first design a counter-example to illustrate the invalidation of such LLS condition. Then by formulating BLPs from the view point of optimistic bi-level and aggregating hierarchical objective information, we establish Bi-level Descent Aggregation (BDA), a flexible and modularized algorithmic framework for generic bi-level optimization. Theoretically, we derive a new methodology to prove the convergence of BDA without the LLS condition. Our investigations also demonstrate that BDA is indeed compatible to a verify of particular first-order computation modules. Additionally, as an interesting byproduct, we also improve these conventional first-order bi-level schemes (under the LLS simplification). Particularly, we establish their convergences with weaker assumptions. Extensive experiments justify our theoretical results and demonstrate the superiority of the proposed BDA for different tasks, including hyper-parameter optimization and meta learning.      
### 97.A Comparative Analysis of E-Scooter and E-Bike Usage Patterns: Findings from the City of Austin, TX  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04033.pdf)
>  E-scooter-sharing and e-bike-sharing systems are accommodating and easing the increased traffic in dense cities and are expanding considerably. However, these new micro-mobility transportation modes raise numerous operational and safety concerns. This study analyzes e-scooter and dockless e-bike sharing system user behavior. We investigate how average trip speed change depending on the day of the week and the time of the day. We used a dataset from the city of Austin, TX from December 2018 to May 2019. Our results generally show that the trip average speed for e-bikes ranges between 3.01 and 3.44 m/s, which is higher than that for e-scooters (2.19 to 2.78 m/s). Results also show a similar usage pattern for the average speed of e-bikes and e-scooters throughout the days of the week and a different usage pattern for the average speed of e-bikes and e-scooters over the hours of the day. We found that users tend to ride e-bikes and e-scooters with a slower average speed for recreational purposes compared to when they are ridden for commuting purposes. This study is a building block in this field, which serves as a first of its kind, and sheds the light of significant new understanding of this emerging class of shared-road users.      
### 98.Neural Networks Out-of-Distribution Detection: Hyperparameter-Free Isotropic Maximization Loss, The Principle of Maximum Entropy, Cold Training, and Branched Inferences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04005.pdf)
>  Current out-of-distribution detection (ODD) approaches present severe drawbacks that make impracticable their large scale adoption in real-world applications. In this paper, we propose a novel loss called Hyperparameter-Free IsoMax that overcomes these limitations. We modified the original IsoMax loss to improve ODD performance while maintaining benefits such as high classification accuracy, fast and energy-efficient inference, and scalability. The global hyperparameter is replaced by learnable parameters to increase performance. Additionally, a theoretical motivation to explain the high ODD performance of the proposed loss is presented. Finally, to keep high classification performance, slightly different inference mathematical expressions for classification and ODD are developed. No access to out-of-distribution samples is required, as there is no hyperparameter to tune. Our solution works as a straightforward SoftMax loss drop-in replacement that can be incorporated without relying on adversarial training or validation, model structure chances, ensembles methods, or generative approaches. The experiments showed that our approach is competitive against state-of-the-art solutions while avoiding their additional requirements and undesired side effects.      
### 99.An Efficient $k$-modes Algorithm for Clustering Categorical Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03936.pdf)
>  Mining clusters from datasets is an important endeavor in many applications. The $k$-means algorithm is a popular and efficient distribution-free approach for clustering numerical-valued data but can not be applied to categorical-valued observations. The $k$-modes algorithm addresses this lacuna by taking the $k$-means objective function, replacing the dissimilarity measure and using modes instead of means in the modified objective function. Unlike many other clustering algorithms, both $k$-modes and $k$-means are scalable, because they do not require calculation of all pairwise dissimilarities. We provide a fast and computationally efficient implementation of $k$-modes, OTQT, and prove that it can find superior clusterings to existing algorithms. We also examine five initialization methods and three types of $K$-selection methods, many of them novel, and all appropriate for $k$-modes. By examining the performance on real and simulated datasets, we show that simple random initialization is the best intializer, a novel $K$-selection method is more accurate than two methods adapted from $k$-means, and that the new OTQT algorithm is more accurate and almost always faster than existing algorithms.      
### 100.Robust watermarking with double detector-discriminator approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03921.pdf)
>  In this paper we present a novel deep framework for a watermarking - a technique of embedding a transparent message into an image in a way that allows retrieving the message from a (perturbed) copy, so that copyright infringement can be tracked. For this technique, it is essential to extract the information from the image even after imposing some digital processing operations on it. Our framework outperforms recent methods in the context of robustness against not only spectrum of attacks (e.g. rotation, resizing, Gaussian smoothing) but also against compression, especially JPEG. The bit accuracy of our method is at least 0.86 for all types of distortions. We also achieved 0.90 bit accuracy for JPEG while recent methods provided at most 0.83. Our method retains high transparency and capacity as well. Moreover, we present our double detector-discriminator approach - a scheme to detect and discriminate if the image contains the embedded message or not, which is crucial for real-life watermarking systems and up to now was not investigated using neural networks. With this, we design a testing formula to validate our extended approach and compared it with a common procedure. We also present an alternative method of balancing between image quality and robustness on attacks which is easily applicable to the framework.      
### 101.Multi-Task Temporal Shift Attention Networks for On-Device Contactless Vitals Measurement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03790.pdf)
>  Telehealth and remote health monitoring have become increasingly important during the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic and it is widely expected that this will have a lasting impact on healthcare practices. These tools can help reduce the risk of exposing patients and medical staff to infection, make healthcare services more accessible, and allow providers to see more patients. However, objective measurement of vital signs is challenging without direct contact with a patient. We present a video-based and on-device optical cardiopulmonary vital sign measurement approach. It leverages a novel multi-task temporal shift convolutional attention network (MTTS-CAN) and enables real-time cardiovascular and respiratory measurements on mobile platforms. We evaluate our system on an ARM CPU and achieve state-of-the-art accuracy while running at over 150 frames per second which enables real-time applications. Systematic experimentation on large benchmark datasets reveals that our approach leads to substantial (20%-50%) reductions in error and generalizes well across datasets.      
### 102.Applied Awareness: Test-Driven GUI Development using Computer Vision and Cryptography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03725.pdf)
>  Graphical user interface testing is significantly challenging, and automating it even more so. Test-driven development is impractical: it generally requires an initial implementation of the GUI to generate golden images or to construct interactive test scenarios, and subsequent maintenance is costly. While computer vision has been applied to several aspects of GUI testing, we demonstrate a novel and immediately applicable approach of interpreting GUI presentation in terms of backend communications, modeling "awareness" in the fashion employed by cryptographic proofs of security. This focus on backend communication circumvents deficiencies in typical testing methodologies that rely on platform-dependent UI affordances or accessibility features. Our interdisciplinary work is ready for off-the-shelf practice: we report self-contained, practical implementation with both online and offline validation, using simple designer specifications at the outset and specifically avoiding any requirements for a bootstrap implementation or golden images. In addition to practical implementation, ties to formal verification methods in cryptography are explored and explained, providing fertile perspectives on assurance in UI and interpretability in AI.      
### 103.Texture Interpolation for Probing Visual Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03698.pdf)
>  Texture synthesis models are important to understand visual processing. In particular, statistical approaches based on neurally relevant features have been instrumental to understanding aspects of visual perception and of neural coding. New deep learning-based approaches further improve the quality of synthetic textures. Yet, it is still unclear why deep texture synthesis performs so well, and applications of this new framework to probe visual perception are scarce. Here, we show that distributions of deep convolutional neural network (CNN) activations of a texture are well described by elliptical distributions and therefore, following optimal transport theory, constraining their mean and covariance is sufficient to generate new texture samples. Then, we propose the natural geodesics (i.e. the shortest path between two points) arising with the optimal transport metric to interpolate between arbitrary textures. The comparison to alternative interpolation methods suggests that ours matches more closely the geometry of texture perception, and is better suited to study its statistical nature. We demonstrate our method by measuring the perceptual scale associated to the interpolation parameter in human observers, and the neural sensitivity of different areas of visual cortex in macaque monkeys.      
### 104.Evaluating the Disentanglement of Deep Generative Models through Manifold Topology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03680.pdf)
>  Learning disentangled representations is regarded as a fundamental task for improving the generalization, robustness, and interpretability of generative models. However, measuring disentanglement has been challenging and inconsistent, often dependent on an ad-hoc external model or specific to a certain dataset. To address this, we present a method for quantifying disentanglement that only uses the generative model, by measuring the topological similarity of conditional submanifolds in the learned representation. This method showcases both unsupervised and supervised variants. To illustrate the effectiveness and applicability of our method, we empirically evaluate several state-of-the-art models across multiple datasets. We find that our method ranks models similarly to existing methods.      
### 105.Hierarchical Class-Based Curriculum Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03629.pdf)
>  Classification algorithms in machine learning often assume a flat label space. However, most real world data have dependencies between the labels, which can often be captured by using a hierarchy. Utilizing this relation can help develop a model capable of satisfying the dependencies and improving model accuracy and interpretability. Further, as different levels in the hierarchy correspond to different granularities, penalizing each label equally can be detrimental to model learning. In this paper, we propose a loss function, hierarchical curriculum loss, with two properties: (i) satisfy hierarchical constraints present in the label space, and (ii) provide non-uniform weights to labels based on their levels in the hierarchy, learned implicitly by the training paradigm. We theoretically show that the proposed loss function is a tighter bound of 0-1 loss compared to any other loss satisfying the hierarchical constraints. We test our loss function on real world image data sets, and show that it significantly substantially outperforms multiple baselines.      
### 106.Equivariant Maps for Hierarchical Structures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03627.pdf)
>  In many real-world settings, we are interested in learning invariant and equivariant functions over nested or multiresolution structures, such as a set of sequences, a graph of graphs, or a multiresolution image. While equivariant linear maps and by extension multilayer perceptrons (MLPs) for many of the individual basic structures are known, a formalism for dealing with a hierarchy of symmetry transformations is lacking. Observing that the transformation group for a nested structure corresponds to the ``wreath product'' of the symmetry groups of the building blocks, we show how to obtain the equivariant map for hierarchical data-structures using an intuitive combination of the equivariant maps for the individual blocks. To demonstrate the effectiveness of this type of model, we use a hierarchy of translation and permutation symmetries for learning on point cloud data, and report state-of-the-art on \kw{semantic3d} and \kw{s3dis}, two of the largest real-world benchmarks for 3D semantic segmentation.      
### 107.3D Augmented Reality-Assisted CT-Guided Interventions: System Design and Preclinical Trial on an Abdominal Phantom using HoloLens 2  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.09146.pdf)
>  Background: Out-of-plane lesions pose challenges for CT-guided interventions. Augmented reality (AR) headset devices have evolved and are readily capable to provide virtual 3D guidance to improve CT-guided targeting. <br>Purpose: To describe the design of a three-dimensional (3D) AR-assisted navigation system using HoloLens 2 and evaluate its performance through CT-guided simulations. <br>Materials and Methods: A prospective trial was performed assessing CT-guided needle targeting on an abdominal phantom with and without AR guidance. A total of 8 operators with varying clinical experience were enrolled and performed a total of 86 needle passes. Procedure efficiency, radiation dose, and complication rates were compared with and without AR guidance. Vector analysis of the first needle pass was also performed. <br>Results: Average total number of needle passes to reach the target reduced from 7.4 passes without AR to 3.4 passes with AR (54.2% decrease, p=0.011). Average dose-length product (DLP) decreased from 538 mGy-cm without AR to 318 mGy-cm with AR (41.0% decrease, p=0.009). Complication rate of hitting a non-targeted lesion decreased from 11.9% without AR (7/59 needle passes) to 0% with AR (0/27 needle passes). First needle passes were more nearly aligned with the ideal target trajectory with AR versus without AR (4.6 vs 8.0 offset, respectively, p=0.018). Medical students, residents, and attendings all performed at the same level with AR guidance. <br>Conclusions: 3D AR guidance can provide significant improvements in procedural efficiency and radiation dose savings for targeting challenging, out-of-plane lesions. AR guidance elevated the performance of all operators to the same level irrespective of prior clinical experience.      
