# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 12 Jun 2020
### 1.Understanding Human Hands in Contact at Internet Scale  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06669.pdf)
>  Hands are the central means by which humans manipulate their world and being able to reliably extract hand state information from Internet videos of humans engaged in their hands has the potential to pave the way to systems that can learn from petabytes of video data. This paper proposes steps towards this by inferring a rich representation of hands engaged in interaction method that includes: hand location, side, contact state, and a box around the object in contact. To support this effort, we gather a large-scale dataset of hands in contact with objects consisting of 131 days of footage as well as a 100K annotated hand-contact video frame dataset. The learned model on this dataset can serve as a foundation for hand-contact understanding in videos. We quantitatively evaluate it both on its own and in service of predicting and learning from 3D meshes of human hands.      
### 2.Disentangled Non-Local Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06668.pdf)
>  The non-local block is a popular module for strengthening the context modeling ability of a regular convolutional neural network. This paper first studies the non-local block in depth, where we find that its attention computation can be split into two terms, a whitened pairwise term accounting for the relationship between two pixels and a unary term representing the saliency of every pixel. We also observe that the two terms trained alone tend to model different visual clues, e.g. the whitened pairwise term learns within-region relationships while the unary term learns salient boundaries. However, the two terms are tightly coupled in the non-local block, which hinders the learning of each. Based on these findings, we present the disentangled non-local block, where the two terms are decoupled to facilitate learning for both terms. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the decoupled design on various tasks, such as semantic segmentation on Cityscapes, ADE20K and PASCAL Context, object detection on COCO, and action recognition on Kinetics.      
### 3.VirTex: Learning Visual Representations from Textual Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06666.pdf)
>  The de-facto approach to many vision tasks is to start from pretrained visual representations, typically learned via supervised training on ImageNet. Recent methods have explored unsupervised pretraining to scale to vast quantities of unlabeled images. In contrast, we aim to learn high-quality visual representations from fewer images. To this end, we revisit supervised pretraining, and seek data-efficient alternatives to classification-based pretraining. We propose VirTex -- a pretraining approach using semantically dense captions to learn visual representations. We train convolutional networks from scratch on COCO Captions, and transfer them to downstream recognition tasks including image classification, object detection, and instance segmentation. On all tasks, VirTex yields features that match or exceed those learned on ImageNet -- supervised or unsupervised -- despite using up to ten times fewer images.      
### 4.Quasi-Dense Instance Similarity Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06664.pdf)
>  Similarity metrics for instances have drawn much attention, due to their importance for computer vision problems such as object tracking. However, existing methods regard object similarity learning as a post-hoc stage after object detection and only use sparse ground truth matching as the training objective. This process ignores the majority of the regions on the images. In this paper, we present a simple yet effective quasi-dense matching method to learn instance similarity from hundreds of region proposals in a pair of images. In the resulting feature space, a simple nearest neighbor search can distinguish different instances without bells and whistles. When applied to joint object detection and tracking, our method can outperform existing methods without using location or motion heuristics, yielding almost 10 points higher MOTA on BDD100K and Waymo tracking datasets. Our method is also competitive on one-shot object detection, which further shows the effectiveness of quasi-dense matching for category-level metric learning. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sysmm/quasi-dense" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.Robust Multi-object Matching via Iterative Reweighting of the Graph Connection Laplacian  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06658.pdf)
>  We propose an efficient and robust iterative solution to the multi-object matching problem. We first clarify serious limitations of current methods as well as the inappropriateness of the standard iteratively reweighted least squares procedure. In view of these limitations, we propose a novel and more reliable iterative reweighting strategy that incorporates information from higher-order neighborhoods by exploiting the graph connection Laplacian. We demonstrate the superior performance of our procedure over state-of-the-art methods using both synthetic and real datasets.      
### 6.Exploring Weaknesses of VQA Models through Attribution Driven Insights  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06637.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks have been successfully used for the task of Visual Question Answering for the past few years owing to the availability of relevant large scale datasets. However these datasets are created in artificial settings and rarely reflect the real world scenario. Recent research effectively applies these VQA models for answering visual questions for the blind. Despite achieving high accuracy these models appear to be susceptible to variation in input questions.We analyze popular VQA models through the lens of attribution (input's influence on predictions) to gain valuable insights. Further, We use these insights to craft adversarial attacks which inflict significant damage to these systems with negligible change in meaning of the input questions. We believe this will enhance development of systems more robust to the possible variations in inputs when deployed to assist the visually impaired.      
### 7.Privacy-Preserving Visual Feature Descriptors through Adversarial Affine Subspace Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06634.pdf)
>  Many computer vision systems require users to upload image features to the cloud for processing and storage. Such features can be exploited to recover sensitive information about the scene or subjects, e.g., by reconstructing the appearance of the original image. To address this privacy concern, we propose a new privacy-preserving feature representation. The core idea of our work is to drop constraints from each feature descriptor by embedding it within an affine subspace containing the original feature as well as one or more adversarial feature samples. Feature matching on the privacy-preserving representation is enabled based on the notion of subspace-to-subspace distance. We experimentally demonstrate the effectiveness of our method and its high practical relevance for applications such as crowd-sourced 3D scene reconstruction and face authentication. Compared to the original features, our approach has only marginal impact on performance but makes it significantly more difficult for an adversary to recover private information.      
### 8.SLIC-UAV: A Method for monitoring recovery in tropical restoration projects through identification of signature species using UAVs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06624.pdf)
>  Logged forests cover four million square kilometres of the tropics and restoring these forests is essential if we are to avoid the worst impacts of climate change, yet monitoring recovery is challenging. Tracking the abundance of visually identifiable, early-successional species enables successional status and thereby restoration progress to be evaluated. Here we present a new pipeline, SLIC-UAV, for processing Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) imagery to map early-successional species in tropical forests. The pipeline is novel because it comprises: (a) a time-efficient approach for labelling crowns from UAV imagery; (b) machine learning of species based on spectral and textural features within individual tree crowns, and (c) automatic segmentation of orthomosaiced UAV imagery into 'superpixels', using Simple Linear Iterative Clustering (SLIC). Creating superpixels reduces the dataset's dimensionality and focuses prediction onto clusters of pixels, greatly improving accuracy. To demonstrate SLIC-UAV, support vector machines and random forests were used to predict the species of hand-labelled crowns in a restoration concession in Indonesia. Random forests were most accurate at discriminating species for whole crowns, with accuracy ranging from 79.3% when mapping five common species, to 90.5% when mapping the three most visually-distinctive species. In contrast, support vector machines proved better for labelling automatically segmented superpixels, with accuracy ranging from 74.3% to 91.7% for the same species. Models were extended to map species across 100 hectares of forest. The study demonstrates the power of SLIC-UAV for mapping characteristic early-successional tree species as an indicator of successional stage within tropical forest restoration areas. Continued effort is needed to develop easy-to-implement and low-cost technology to improve the affordability of project management.      
### 9.MatchGAN: A Self-Supervised Semi-Supervised Conditional Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06614.pdf)
>  We propose a novel self-supervised semi-supervised learning approach for conditional Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). Unlike previous self-supervised learning approaches which define pretext tasks by performing augmentations on the image space such as applying geometric transformations or predicting relationships between image patches, our approach leverages the label space. We train our network to learn the distribution of the source domain using the few labelled examples available by uniformly sampling source labels and assigning them as target labels for unlabelled examples from the same distribution. The translated images on the side of the generator are then grouped into positive and negative pairs by comparing their corresponding target labels, which are then used to optimise an auxiliary triplet objective on the discriminator's side. We tested our method on two challenging benchmarks, CelebA and RaFD, and evaluated the results using standard metrics including Frechet Inception Distance, Inception Score, and Attribute Classification Rate. Extensive empirical evaluation demonstrates the effectiveness of our proposed method over competitive baselines and existing arts. In particular, our method is able to surpass the baseline with only 20% of the labelled examples used to train the baseline.      
### 10.Improving Deep Metric Learning with Virtual Classes and Examples Mining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06611.pdf)
>  In deep metric learning, the training procedure relies on sampling informative tuples. However, as the training procedure progresses, it becomes nearly impossible to sample relevant hard negative examples without proper mining strategies or generation-based methods. Recent work on hard negative generation have shown great promises to solve the mining problem. However, this generation process is difficult to tune and often leads to incorrectly labelled examples. To tackle this issue, we introduce MIRAGE, a generation-based method that relies on virtual classes entirely composed of generated examples that act as buffer areas between the training classes. We empirically show that virtual classes significantly improve the results on popular datasets (Cub-200-2011, Cars-196 and Stanford Online Products) compared to other generation methods.      
### 11.What makes instance discrimination good for transfer learning?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06606.pdf)
>  Unsupervised visual pretraining based on the instance discrimination pretext task has shown significant progress. Notably, in the recent work of MoCo, unsupervised pretraining has shown to surpass the supervised counterpart for finetuning downstream applications such as object detection on PASCAL VOC. It comes as a surprise that image annotations would be better left unused for transfer learning. In this work, we investigate the following problems: What makes instance discrimination pretraining good for transfer learning? What knowledge is actually learned and transferred from unsupervised pretraining? From this understanding of unsupervised pretraining, can we make supervised pretraining great again? Our findings are threefold. First, what truly matters for this detection transfer is low-level and mid-level representations, not high-level representations. Second, the intra-category invariance enforced by the traditional supervised model weakens transferability by increasing task misalignment. Finally, supervised pretraining can be strengthened by following an exemplar-based approach without explicit constraints among the instances within the same category.      
### 12.Spectral Image Segmentation with Global Appearance Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06573.pdf)
>  We introduce a new spectral method for image segmentation that incorporates long range relationships for global appearance modeling. The approach combines two different graphs, one is a sparse graph that captures spatial relationships between nearby pixels and another is a dense graph that captures pairwise similarity between all pairs of pixels. We extend the spectral method for Normalized Cuts to this setting by combining the transition matrices of Markov chains associated with each graph. We also derive an efficient method that uses importance sampling for sparsifying the dense graph of appearance relationships. This leads to a practical algorithm for segmenting high-resolution images. The resulting method can segment challenging images without any filtering or pre-processing.      
### 13.Transferring and Regularizing Prediction for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06570.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation often requires a large set of images with pixel-level annotations. In the view of extremely expensive expert labeling, recent research has shown that the models trained on photo-realistic synthetic data (e.g., computer games) with computer-generated annotations can be adapted to real images. Despite this progress, without constraining the prediction on real images, the models will easily overfit on synthetic data due to severe domain mismatch. In this paper, we novelly exploit the intrinsic properties of semantic segmentation to alleviate such problem for model transfer. Specifically, we present a Regularizer of Prediction Transfer (RPT) that imposes the intrinsic properties as constraints to regularize model transfer in an unsupervised fashion. These constraints include patch-level, cluster-level and context-level semantic prediction consistencies at different levels of image formation. As the transfer is label-free and data-driven, the robustness of prediction is addressed by selectively involving a subset of image regions for model regularization. Extensive experiments are conducted to verify the proposal of RPT on the transfer of models trained on GTA5 and SYNTHIA (synthetic data) to Cityscapes dataset (urban street scenes). RPT shows consistent improvements when injecting the constraints on several neural networks for semantic segmentation. More remarkably, when integrating RPT into the adversarial-based segmentation framework, we report to-date the best results: mIoU of 53.2%/51.7% when transferring from GTA5/SYNTHIA to Cityscapes, respectively.      
### 14.Learning a Unified Sample Weighting Network for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06568.pdf)
>  Region sampling or weighting is significantly important to the success of modern region-based object detectors. Unlike some previous works, which only focus on "hard" samples when optimizing the objective function, we argue that sample weighting should be data-dependent and task-dependent. The importance of a sample for the objective function optimization is determined by its uncertainties to both object classification and bounding box regression tasks. To this end, we devise a general loss function to cover most region-based object detectors with various sampling strategies, and then based on it we propose a unified sample weighting network to predict a sample's task weights. Our framework is simple yet effective. It leverages the samples' uncertainty distributions on classification loss, regression loss, IoU, and probability score, to predict sample weights. Our approach has several advantages: (i). It jointly learns sample weights for both classification and regression tasks, which differentiates it from most previous work. (ii). It is a data-driven process, so it avoids some manual parameter tuning. (iii). It can be effortlessly plugged into most object detectors and achieves noticeable performance improvements without affecting their inference time. Our approach has been thoroughly evaluated with recent object detection frameworks and it can consistently boost the detection accuracy. Code has been made available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/caiqi/sample-weighting-network" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 15.Exploring Category-Agnostic Clusters for Open-Set Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06567.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation has received significant attention in recent years. Most of existing works tackle the closed-set scenario, assuming that the source and target domains share the exactly same categories. In practice, nevertheless, a target domain often contains samples of classes unseen in source domain (i.e., unknown class). The extension of domain adaptation from closed-set to such open-set situation is not trivial since the target samples in unknown class are not expected to align with the source. In this paper, we address this problem by augmenting the state-of-the-art domain adaptation technique, Self-Ensembling, with category-agnostic clusters in target domain. Specifically, we present Self-Ensembling with Category-agnostic Clusters (SE-CC) -- a novel architecture that steers domain adaptation with the additional guidance of category-agnostic clusters that are specific to target domain. These clustering information provides domain-specific visual cues, facilitating the generalization of Self-Ensembling for both closed-set and open-set scenarios. Technically, clustering is firstly performed over all the unlabeled target samples to obtain the category-agnostic clusters, which reveal the underlying data space structure peculiar to target domain. A clustering branch is capitalized on to ensure that the learnt representation preserves such underlying structure by matching the estimated assignment distribution over clusters to the inherent cluster distribution for each target sample. Furthermore, SE-CC enhances the learnt representation with mutual information maximization. Extensive experiments are conducted on Office and VisDA datasets for both open-set and closed-set domain adaptation, and superior results are reported when comparing to the state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 16.Attentive WaveBlock: Complementarity-enhanced Mutual Networks for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation in Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06525.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) for person re-identification is challenging because of the huge gap between the source and target domain. A typical self-training method is to use pseudo-labels generated by clustering algorithms to iteratively optimize the model on the target domain. However, a drawback to this is that noisy pseudo-labels generally cause troubles in learning. To address this problem, a mutual learning method by dual networks has been developed to produce reliable soft labels. However, as the two neural networks gradually converge, their complementarity is weakened and they likely become biased towards the same kind of noise. In this paper, we propose a novel light-weight module, the Attentive WaveBlock (AWB), which can be integrated into the dual networks of mutual learning to enhance the complementarity and further depress noise in the pseudo-labels. Specifically, we first introduce a parameter-free module, the WaveBlock, which creates a difference between two networks by waving blocks of feature maps differently. Then, an attention mechanism is leveraged to enlarge the difference created and discover more complementary features. Furthermore, two kinds of combination strategies, i.e. pre-attention and post-attention, are explored. Experiments demonstrate that the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance with significant improvements of 9.4%, 5.9%, 7.4%, and 7.7% in mAP on Duke-to-Market, Market-to-Duke, Duke-to-MSMT, and Market-to-MSMT UDA tasks, respectively.      
### 17.Rethinking the Truly Unsupervised Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06500.pdf)
>  Every recent image-to-image translation model uses either image-level (i.e. input-output pairs) or set-level (i.e. domain labels) supervision at minimum. However, even the set-level supervision can be a serious bottleneck for data collection in practice. In this paper, we tackle image-to-image translation in a fully unsupervised setting, i.e., neither paired images nor domain labels. To this end, we propose the truly unsupervised image-to-image translation method (TUNIT) that simultaneously learns to separate image domains via an information-theoretic approach and generate corresponding images using the estimated domain labels. Experimental results on various datasets show that the proposed method successfully separates domains and translates images across those domains. In addition, our model outperforms existing set-level supervised methods under a semi-supervised setting, where a subset of domain labels is provided. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/clovaai/tunit" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 18.Protecting Against Image Translation Deepfakes by Leaking Universal Perturbations from Black-Box Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06493.pdf)
>  In this work, we develop efficient disruptions of black-box image translation deepfake generation systems. We are the first to demonstrate black-box deepfake generation disruption by presenting image translation formulations of attacks initially proposed for classification models. Nevertheless, a naive adaptation of classification black-box attacks results in a prohibitive number of queries for image translation systems in the real-world. We present a frustratingly simple yet highly effective algorithm Leaking Universal Perturbations (LUP), that significantly reduces the number of queries needed to attack an image. LUP consists of two phases: (1) a short leaking phase where we attack the network using traditional black-box attacks and gather information on successful attacks on a small dataset and (2) and an exploitation phase where we leverage said information to subsequently attack the network with improved efficiency. Our attack reduces the total number of queries necessary to attack GANimation and StarGAN by 30%.      
### 19.Minimum Potential Energy of Point Cloud for Robust Global Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06460.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel minimum gravitational potential energy (MPE)-based algorithm for global point set registration. The feature descriptors extraction algorithms have emerged as the standard approach to align point sets in the past few decades. However, the alignment can be challenging to take effect when the point set suffers from raw point data problems such as noises (Gaussian and Uniformly). Different from the most existing point set registration methods which usually extract the descriptors to find correspondences between point sets, our proposed MPE alignment method is able to handle large scale raw data offset without depending on traditional descriptors extraction, whether for the local or global registration methods. We decompose the solution into a global optimal convex approximation and the fast descent process to a local minimum. For the approximation step, the proposed minimum potential energy (MPE) approach consists of two main steps. Firstly, according to the construction of the force traction operator, we could simply compute the position of the potential energy minimum; Secondly, with respect to the finding of the MPE point, we propose a new theory that employs the two flags to observe the status of the registration procedure. The method of fast descent process to the minimum that we employed is the iterative closest point algorithm; it can achieve the global minimum. We demonstrate the performance of the proposed algorithm on synthetic data as well as on real data. The proposed method outperforms the other global methods in terms of both efficiency, accuracy and noise resistance.      
### 20.Morphing Attack Detection -- Database, Evaluation Platform and Benchmarking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06458.pdf)
>  Morphing attacks have posed a severe threat to Face Recognition System (FRS). Despite the number of advancements reported in recent works, we note serious open issues that are not addressed. Morphing Attack Detection (MAD) algorithms often are prone to generalization challenges as they are database dependent. The existing databases, mostly of semi-public nature, lack in diversity in terms of ethnicity, various morphing process and post-processing pipelines. Further, they do not reflect a realistic operational scenario for Automated Border Control (ABC) and do not provide a basis to test MAD on unseen data, in order to benchmark the robustness of algorithms. In this work, we present a new sequestered dataset for facilitating the advancements of MAD where the algorithms can be tested on unseen data in an effort to better generalize. The newly constructed dataset consists of facial images from 150 subjects from various ethnicities, age-groups and both genders. In order to challenge the existing MAD algorithms, the morphed images are with careful subject pre-selection created from the subjects, and further post-processed to remove the morphing artifacts. The images are also printed and scanned to remove all digital cues and to simulate a realistic challenge for MAD algorithms. Further, we present a new online evaluation platform to test algorithms on sequestered data. With the platform we can benchmark the morph detection performance and study the generalization ability. This work also presents a detailed analysis on various subsets of sequestered data and outlines open challenges for future directions in MAD research.      
### 21.Convolutional neural networks compression with low rank and sparse tensor decompositions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06443.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks show outstanding results in a variety of computer vision tasks. However, a neural network architecture design usually faces a trade-off between model performance and computational/memory complexity. For some real-world applications, it is crucial to develop models, which can be fast and light enough to run on edge systems and mobile devices. However, many modern architectures that demonstrate good performance don't satisfy inference time and storage limitation requirements. Thus, arises a problem of neural network compression to obtain a smaller and faster model, which is on par with the initial one. <br>In this work, we consider a neural network compression method based on tensor decompositions. Namely, we propose to approximate the convolutional layer weight with a tensor, which can be represented as a sum of low-rank and sparse components. The motivation for such approximation is based on the assumption that low-rank and sparse terms allow eliminating two different types of redundancy and thus yield a better compression rate. An efficient CPU implementation for the proposed method has been developed. Our algorithm has demonstrated up to 3.5x CPU layer speedup and 11x layer size reduction when compressing Resnet50 architecture for the image classification task.      
### 22.CoMIR: Contrastive Multimodal Image Representation for Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06325.pdf)
>  We propose contrastive coding to learn shared, dense image representations, referred to as CoMIRs (Contrastive Multimodal Image Representations). CoMIRs enable the registration of multimodal images where existing registration methods often fail due to a lack of sufficiently similar image structures. CoMIRs reduce the multimodal registration problem to a monomodal one in which general intensity-based, as well as feature-based, registration algorithms can be applied. The method involves training one neural network per modality on aligned images, using a contrastive loss based on noise-contrastive estimation (InfoNCE). Unlike other contrastive coding methods, used for e.g. classification, our approach generates image-like representations that contain the information shared between modalities. We introduce a novel, hyperparameter-free modification to InfoNCE, to enforce rotational equivariance of the learnt representations, a property essential to the registration task. We assess the extent of achieved rotational equivariance and the stability of the representations with respect to weight initialization, training set, and hyperparameter settings, on a remote sensing dataset of RGB and near-infrared images. We evaluate the learnt representations through registration of a biomedical dataset of bright-field and second-harmonic generation microscopy images; two modalities with very little apparent correlation. The proposed approach based on CoMIRs significantly outperforms registration of representations created by GAN-based image-to-image translation, as well as a state-of-the-art, application-specific method which takes additional knowledge about the data into account. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dqiamsdoayehccdvulyy/CoMIR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.A Deep Learning Framework for Recognizing both Static and Dynamic Gestures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06321.pdf)
>  Intuitive user interfaces are indispensable to interact with human centric smart environments. In this paper, we propose a unified framework that recognizes both static and dynamic gestures, using simple RGB vision (without depth sensing). This feature makes it suitable for inexpensive human-machine interaction (HMI). We rely on a spatial attention-based strategy, which employs SaDNet, our proposed Static and Dynamic gestures Network. From the image of the human upper body, we estimate his/her depth, along with the region-of-interest around his/her hands. The Convolutional Neural Networks in SaDNet are fine-tuned on a background-substituted hand gestures dataset. They are utilized to detect 10 static gestures for each hand and to obtain hand image-embeddings from the last Fully Connected layer, which are subsequently fused with the augmented pose vector and then passed to stacked Long Short-Term Memory blocks. Thus, human-centered frame-wise information from the augmented pose vector and left/right hands image-embeddings are aggregated in time to predict the dynamic gestures of the performing person. In a number of experiments we show that the proposed approach surpasses the state-of-the-art results on large-scale Chalearn 2016 dataset. Moreover, we also transfer the knowledge learned through the proposed methodology to the Praxis gestures dataset, and the obtained results also outscore the state-of-the-art on this dataset.      
### 24.Hypernetwork-Based Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06320.pdf)
>  Data augmentation is an effective technique to improve the generalization of deep neural networks. Recently, AutoAugment proposed a well-designed search space and a search algorithm that automatically finds augmentation policies in a data-driven manner. However, AutoAugment is computationally intensive. In this paper, we propose an efficient gradient-based search algorithm, called Hypernetwork-Based Augmentation (HBA), which simultaneously learns model parameters and augmentation hyperparameters in a single training. Our HBA uses a hypernetwork to approximate a population-based training algorithm, which enables us to tune augmentation hyperparameters by gradient descent. Besides, we introduce a weight sharing strategy that simplifies our hypernetwork architecture and speeds up our search algorithm. We conduct experiments on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, SVHN, and ImageNet. Our results demonstrate that HBA is significantly faster than state-of-the-art methods while achieving competitive accuracy.      
### 25.RTEX: A novel methodology for Ranking, Tagging, and Explanatory diagnostic captioning of radiography exams  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06316.pdf)
>  This paper introduces RTEx, a novel methodology for a) ranking radiography exams based on their probability to contain an abnormality, b) generating abnormality tags for abnormal exams, and c) providing a diagnostic explanation in natural language for each abnormal exam. The task of ranking radiography exams is an important first step for practitioners who want to identify and prioritize those radiography exams that are more likely to contain abnormalities, for example, to avoid mistakes due to tiredness or to manage heavy workload (e.g., during a pandemic). We used two publicly available datasets to assess our methodology and demonstrate that for the task of ranking it outperforms its competitors in terms of NDCG@k. For each abnormal radiography exam RTEx generates a set of abnormality tags alongside an explanatory diagnostic text to explain the tags and guide the medical expert. Our tagging component outperforms two strong competitor methods in terms of F1. Moreover, the diagnostic captioning component of RTEx, which exploits the already extracted tags to constrain the captioning process, outperforms all competitors with respect to clinical precision and recall.      
### 26.Fast Coherent Point Drift  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06281.pdf)
>  Nonrigid point set registration is widely applied in the tasks of computer vision and pattern recognition. Coherent point drift (CPD) is a classical method for nonrigid point set registration. However, to solve spatial transformation functions, CPD has to compute inversion of a M*M matrix per iteration with time complexity O(M3). By introducing a simple corresponding constraint, we develop a fast implementation of CPD. The most advantage of our method is to avoid matrix-inverse operation. Before the iteration begins, our method requires to take eigenvalue decomposition of a M*M matrix once. After iteration begins, our method only needs to update a diagonal matrix with linear computational complexity, and perform matrix multiplication operation with time complexity approximately O(M2) in each iteration. Besides, our method can be further accelerated by the low-rank matrix approximation. Experimental results in 3D point cloud data show that our method can significantly reduce computation burden of the registration process, and keep comparable performance with CPD on accuracy.      
### 27.Privacy-Aware Activity Classification from First Person Office Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06246.pdf)
>  In the advent of wearable body-cameras, human activity classification from First-Person Videos (FPV) has become a topic of increasing importance for various applications, including in life-logging, law-enforcement, sports, workplace, and healthcare. One of the challenging aspects of FPV is its exposure to potentially sensitive objects within the user's field of view. In this work, we developed a privacy-aware activity classification system focusing on office videos. We utilized a Mask-RCNN with an Inception-ResNet hybrid as a feature extractor for detecting, and then blurring out sensitive objects (e.g., digital screens, human face, paper) from the videos. For activity classification, we incorporate an ensemble of Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) with ResNet, ResNext, and DenseNet based feature extractors. The proposed system was trained and evaluated on the FPV office video dataset that includes 18-classes made available through the IEEE Video and Image Processing (VIP) Cup 2019 competition. On the original unprotected FPVs, the proposed activity classifier ensemble reached an accuracy of 85.078% with precision, recall, and F1 scores of 0.88, 0.85 &amp; 0.86, respectively. On privacy protected videos, the performances were slightly degraded, with accuracy, precision, recall, and F1 scores at 73.68%, 0.79, 0.75, and 0.74, respectively. The presented system won the 3rd prize in the IEEE VIP Cup 2019 competition.      
### 28.CLEval: Character-Level Evaluation for Text Detection and Recognition Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06244.pdf)
>  Despite the recent success of text detection and recognition methods, existing evaluation metrics fail to provide a fair and reliable comparison among those methods. In addition, there exists no end-to-end evaluation metric that takes characteristics of OCR tasks into account. Previous end-to-end metric contains cascaded errors from the binary scoring process applied in both detection and recognition tasks. Ignoring partially correct results raises a gap between quantitative and qualitative analysis, and prevents fine-grained assessment. Based on the fact that character is a key element of text, we hereby propose a Character-Level Evaluation metric (CLEval). In CLEval, the \textit{instance matching} process handles split and merge detection cases, and the \textit{scoring process} conducts character-level evaluation. By aggregating character-level scores, the CLEval metric provides a fine-grained evaluation of end-to-end results composed of the detection and recognition as well as individual evaluations for each module from the end-performance perspective. We believe that our metrics can play a key role in developing and analyzing state-of-the-art text detection and recognition methods. The evaluation code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/clovaai/CLEval" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.Fall Detector Adapted to Nursing Home Needs through an Optical-Flow based CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06201.pdf)
>  Fall detection in specialized homes for the elderly is challenging. Vision-based fall detection solutions have a significant advantage over sensor-based ones as they do not instrument the resident who can suffer from mental diseases. This work is part of a project intended to deploy fall detection solutions in nursing homes. The proposed solution, based on Deep Learning, is built on a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) trained to maximize a sensitivity-based metric. This work presents the requirements from the medical side and how it impacts the tuning of a CNN. Results highlight the importance of the temporal aspect of a fall. Therefore, a custom metric adapted to this use case and an implementation of a decision-making process are proposed in order to best meet the medical teams requirements. Clinical relevance This work presents a fall detection solution enabled to detect 86.2% of falls while producing only 11.6% of false alarms in average on the considered databases.      
### 30.An Edge Information and Mask Shrinking Based Image Inpainting Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06196.pdf)
>  In the image inpainting task, the ability to repair both high-frequency and low-frequency information in the missing regions has a substantial influence on the quality of the restored image. However, existing inpainting methods usually fail to consider both high-frequency and low-frequency information simultaneously. To solve this problem, this paper proposes edge information and mask shrinking based image inpainting approach, which consists of two models. The first model is an edge generation model used to generate complete edge information from the damaged image, and the second model is an image completion model used to fix the missing regions with the generated edge information and the valid contents of the damaged image. The mask shrinking strategy is employed in the image completion model to track the areas to be repaired. The proposed approach is evaluated qualitatively and quantitatively on the dataset Places2. The result shows our approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods.      
### 31.Large-Scale Adversarial Training for Vision-and-Language Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06195.pdf)
>  We present VILLA, the first known effort on large-scale adversarial training for vision-and-language (V+L) representation learning. VILLA consists of two training stages: (i) task-agnostic adversarial pre-training; followed by (ii) task-specific adversarial finetuning. Instead of adding adversarial perturbations on image pixels and textual tokens, we propose to perform adversarial training in the embedding space of each modality. To enable large-scale training, we adopt the "free" adversarial training strategy, and combine it with KL-divergence-based regularization to promote higher invariance in the embedding space. We apply VILLA to current best-performing V+L models, and achieve new state of the art on a wide range of tasks, including Visual Question Answering, Visual Commonsense Reasoning, Image-Text Retrieval, Referring Expression Comprehension, Visual Entailment, and NLVR2.      
### 32.JIT-Masker: Efficient Online Distillation for Background Matting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06185.pdf)
>  We design a real-time portrait matting pipeline for everyday use, particularly for "virtual backgrounds" in video conferences. Existing segmentation and matting methods prioritize accuracy and quality over throughput and efficiency, and our pipeline enables trading off a controllable amount of accuracy for better throughput by leveraging online distillation on the input video stream. We construct our own dataset of simulated video calls in various scenarios, and show that our approach delivers a 5x speedup over a saliency detection based pipeline in a non-GPU accelerated setting while delivering higher quality results. We demonstrate that an online distillation approach can feasibly work as part of a general, consumer level product as a "virtual background" tool. Our public implementation is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/josephch405/jit-masker" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.Telling Left from Right: Learning Spatial Correspondence between Sight and Sound  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06175.pdf)
>  Self-supervised audio-visual learning aims to capture useful representations of video by leveraging correspondences between visual and audio inputs. Existing approaches have focused primarily on matching semantic information between the sensory streams. We propose a novel self-supervised task to leverage an orthogonal principle: matching spatial information in the audio stream to the positions of sound sources in the visual stream. Our approach is simple yet effective. We train a model to determine whether the left and right audio channels have been flipped, forcing it to reason about spatial localization across the visual and audio streams. To train and evaluate our method, we introduce a large-scale video dataset, YouTube-ASMR-300K, with spatial audio comprising over 900 hours of footage. We demonstrate that understanding spatial correspondence enables models to perform better on three audio-visual tasks, achieving quantitative gains over supervised and self-supervised baselines that do not leverage spatial audio cues. We also show how to extend our self-supervised approach to 360 degree videos with ambisonic audio.      
### 34.MOMS with Events: Multi-Object Motion Segmentation With Monocular Event Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06158.pdf)
>  Segmentation of moving objects in dynamic scenes is a key process in scene understanding for both navigation and video recognition tasks. Without prior knowledge of the object structure and motion, the problem is very challenging due to the plethora of motion parameters to be estimated while being agnostic to motion blur and occlusions. Event sensors, because of their high temporal resolution, and lack of motion blur, seem well suited for addressing this problem. We propose a solution to multi-object motion segmentation using a combination of classical optimization methods along with deep learning and does not require prior knowledge of the 3D motion and the number and structure of objects. Using the events within a time-interval, the method estimates and compensates for the global rigid motion. Then it segments the scene into multiple motions by iteratively fitting and merging models using input tracked feature regions via alignment based on temporal gradients and contrast measures. The approach was successfully evaluated on both challenging real-world and synthetic scenarios from the EV-IMO, EED, and MOD datasets, and outperforms the state-of-the-art detection rate by as much as 12% achieving a new state-of-the-art average detection rate of 77.06%, 94.2% and 82.35% on the aforementioned datasets.      
### 35.Image Deconvolution via Noise-Tolerant Self-Supervised Inversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06156.pdf)
>  We propose a general framework for solving inverse problems in the presence of noise that requires no signal prior, no noise estimate, and no clean training data. We only require that the forward model be available and that the noise be statistically independent across measurement dimensions. We build upon the theory of $\mathcal{J}$-invariant functions (Batson &amp; Royer 2019, <a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="1901.11365" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/1901.11365">arXiv:1901.11365</a>) and show how self-supervised denoising \emph{à la} Noise2Self is a special case of learning a noise-tolerant pseudo-inverse of the identity. We demonstrate our approach by showing how a convolutional neural network can be taught in a self-supervised manner to deconvolve images and surpass in image quality classical inversion schemes such as Lucy-Richardson deconvolution.      
### 36.Kalman Filter Based Multiple Person Head Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06134.pdf)
>  For multi-target tracking, target representation plays a crucial rule in performance. State-of-the-art approaches rely on the deep learning-based visual representation that gives an optimal performance at the cost of high computational complexity. In this paper, we come up with a simple yet effective target representation for human tracking. Our inspiration comes from the fact that the human body goes through severe deformation and inter/intra occlusion over the passage of time. So, instead of tracking the whole body part, a relative rigid organ tracking is selected for tracking the human over an extended period of time. Hence, we followed the tracking-by-detection paradigm and generated the target hypothesis of only the spatial locations of heads in every frame. After the localization of head location, a Kalman filter with a constant velocity motion model is instantiated for each target that follows the temporal evolution of the targets in the scene. For associating the targets in the consecutive frames, combinatorial optimization is used that associates the corresponding targets in a greedy fashion. Qualitative results are evaluated on four challenging video surveillance dataset and promising results has been achieved.      
### 37.Dance Revolution: Long Sequence Dance Generation with Music via Curriculum Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06119.pdf)
>  Dancing to music is one of human's innate abilities since ancient times. In artificial intelligence research, however, synthesizing dance movements (complex human motion) from music is a challenging problem, which suffers from the high spatial-temporal complexity in human motion dynamics modeling. Besides, the consistency of dance and music in terms of style, rhythm and beat also needs to be taken into account. Existing works focus on the short-term dance generation with music, e.g. less than 30 seconds. In this paper, we propose a novel seq2seq architecture for long sequence dance generation with music, which consists of a transformer based music encoder and a recurrent structure based dance decoder. By restricting the receptive field of self-attention, our encoder can efficiently process long musical sequences by reducing its quadratic memory requirements to the linear in the sequence length. To further alleviate the error accumulation in human motion synthesis, we introduce a dynamic auto-condition training strategy as a new curriculum learning method to facilitate the long-term dance generation. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed approach significantly outperforms existing methods on both automatic metrics and human evaluation. Additionally, we also make a demo video to exhibit that our approach can generate minute-length dance sequences that are smooth, natural-looking, diverse, style-consistent and beat-matching with the music. The demo video is now available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P6yhfv3vpDI" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 38.Continual Learning for Affective Computing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06113.pdf)
>  Real-world application require affect perception models to be sensitive to individual differences in expression. As each user is different and expresses differently, these models need to personalise towards each individual to adequately capture their expressions and thus model their affective state. Despite high performance on benchmarks, current approaches fall short in such adaptation. In this dissertation, we propose the use of continual learning for affective computing as a paradigm for developing personalised affect perception.      
### 39.Autonomous Driving with Deep Learning: A Survey of State-of-Art Technologies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06091.pdf)
>  Since DARPA Grand Challenges (rural) in 2004/05 and Urban Challenges in 2007, autonomous driving has been the most active field of AI applications. Almost at the same time, deep learning has made breakthrough by several pioneers, three of them (also called fathers of deep learning), Hinton, Bengio and LeCun, won ACM Turin Award in 2019. This is a survey of autonomous driving technologies with deep learning methods. We investigate the major fields of self-driving systems, such as perception, mapping and localization, prediction, planning and control, simulation, V2X and safety etc. Due to the limited space, we focus the analysis on several key areas, i.e. 2D and 3D object detection in perception, depth estimation from cameras, multiple sensor fusion on the data, feature and task level respectively, behavior modelling and prediction of vehicle driving and pedestrian trajectories.      
### 40.DivNoising: Diversity Denoising with Fully Convolutional Variational Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06072.pdf)
>  Deep Learning based methods have emerged as the indisputable leaders for virtually all image restoration tasks. Especially in the domain of microscopy images, various content-aware image restoration (CARE) approaches are now used to improve the interpretability of acquired data. But there are limitations to what can be restored in corrupted images, and any given method needs to make a sensible compromise between many possible clean signals when predicting a restored image. Here, we propose DivNoising -- a denoising approach based on fully-convolutional variational autoencoders, overcoming this problem by predicting a whole distribution of denoised images. Our method is unsupervised, requiring only noisy images and a description of the imaging noise, which can be measured or bootstrapped from noisy data. If desired, consensus predictions can be inferred from a set of DivNoising predictions, leading to competitive results with other unsupervised methods and, on occasion, even with the supervised state-of-the-art. DivNoising samples from the posterior enable a plethora of useful applications. We are (i) discussing how optical character recognition (OCR) applications could benefit from diverse predictions on ambiguous data, and (ii) show in detail how instance cell segmentation gains performance when using diverse DivNoising predictions.      
### 41.Joint Training of Variational Auto-Encoder and Latent Energy-Based Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06059.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a joint training method to learn both the variational auto-encoder (VAE) and the latent energy-based model (EBM). The joint training of VAE and latent EBM are based on an objective function that consists of three Kullback-Leibler divergences between three joint distributions on the latent vector and the image, and the objective function is of an elegant symmetric and anti-symmetric form of divergence triangle that seamlessly integrates variational and adversarial learning. In this joint training scheme, the latent EBM serves as a critic of the generator model, while the generator model and the inference model in VAE serve as the approximate synthesis sampler and inference sampler of the latent EBM. Our experiments show that the joint training greatly improves the synthesis quality of the VAE. It also enables learning of an energy function that is capable of detecting out of sample examples for anomaly detection.      
### 42.Map3D: Registration Based Multi-Object Tracking on 3D Serial Whole Slide Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06038.pdf)
>  There has been a long pursuit for precise and reproducible glomerular quantification on renal pathology to leverage both research and practice. When digitizing the biopsy tissue samples using whole slide imaging (WSI), a set of serial sections from the same tissue can be acquired as a stack of images, similar to frames in a video. In radiology, the stack of images (e.g., computed tomography) is naturally used to provide 3D context for organs, tissues, and tumors. In pathology, it is appealing to do a similar 3D assessment for glomeruli using a stack of serial WSI sections. However, the 3D identification and association of large-scale glomeruli on renal pathology is challenging due to large tissue deformation, missing tissues, and artifacts from WSI. Therefore, existing 3D quantitative assessments of glomeruli are still largely operated by manual or semi-automated methods, leading to labor costs, low-throughput processing, and inter-observer variability. In this paper, we propose a novel Multi-Object Association for Pathology in 3D (Map3D) method for automatically identifying and associating large-scale cross-sections of 3D objects from routine serial sectioning and WSI. The innovations of the Map3D method are three-fold: (1) the large-scale glomerular association is principled from a new multi-object tracking (MOT) perspective; (2) the quality-aware whole series registration is proposed to not only provide affinity estimation but also offer automatic kidney-wise quality assurance (QA) for registration; (3) a dual-path association method is proposed to tackle the large deformation, missing tissues, and artifacts during tracking. To the best of our knowledge, the Map3D method is the first approach that enables automatic and large-scale glomerular association across 3D serial sectioning using WSI.      
### 43.Towards Robust Fine-grained Recognition by Maximal Separation of Discriminative Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06028.pdf)
>  Adversarial attacks have been widely studied for general classification tasks, but remain unexplored in the context of fine-grained recognition, where the inter-class similarities facilitate the attacker's task. In this paper, we identify the proximity of the latent representations of different classes in fine-grained recognition networks as a key factor to the success of adversarial attacks. We therefore introduce an attention-based regularization mechanism that maximally separates the discriminative latent features of different classes while minimizing the contribution of the non-discriminative regions to the final class prediction. As evidenced by our experiments, this allows us to significantly improve robustness to adversarial attacks, to the point of matching or even surpassing that of adversarial training, but without requiring access to adversarial samples.      
### 44.Revisiting visual-inertial structure from motion for odometry and SLAM initialization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06017.pdf)
>  In this paper, an efficient closed-form solution for the state initialization in visual-inertial odometry (VIO) and simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) is presented. Unlike the state-of-the-art, we do not derive linear equations from triangulating pairs of point observations. Instead, we build on a direct triangulation of the unknown $3D$ point paired with each of its observations. We show and validate the high impact of such a simple difference. The resulting linear system has a simpler structure and the solution through analytic elimination only requires solving a $6\times 6$ linear system (or $9 \times 9$ when accelerometer bias is included). In addition, all the observations of every scene point are jointly related, thereby leading to a less biased and more robust solution. The proposed formulation attains up to $50$ percent decreased velocity and point reconstruction error compared to the standard closed-form solver. Apart from the inherent efficiency, fewer iterations are needed by any further non-linear refinement thanks to better parameter initialization. In this context, we provide the analytic Jacobians for a non-linear optimizer that optionally refines the initial parameters. The superior performance of the proposed solver is established by quantitative comparisons with the state-of-the-art solver.      
### 45.Stochastic Segmentation Networks: Modelling Spatially Correlated Aleatoric Uncertainty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06015.pdf)
>  In image segmentation, there is often more than one plausible solution for a given input. In medical imaging, for example, experts will often disagree about the exact location of object boundaries. Estimating this inherent uncertainty and predicting multiple plausible hypotheses is of great interest in many applications, yet this ability is lacking in most current deep learning methods. In this paper, we introduce stochastic segmentation networks (SSNs), an efficient probabilistic method for modelling aleatoric uncertainty with any image segmentation network architecture. In contrast to approaches that produce pixel-wise estimates, SSNs model joint distributions over entire label maps and thus can generate multiple spatially coherent hypotheses for a single image. By using a low-rank multivariate normal distribution over the logit space to model the probability of the label map given the image, we obtain a spatially consistent probability distribution that can be efficiently computed by a neural network without any changes to the underlying architecture. We tested our method on the segmentation of real-world medical data, including lung nodules in 2D CT and brain tumours in 3D multimodal MRI scans. SSNs outperform state-of-the-art for modelling correlated uncertainty in ambiguous images while being much simpler, more flexible, and more efficient.      
### 46.Closed Loop Neural-Symbolic Learning via Integrating Neural Perception, Grammar Parsing, and Symbolic Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06649.pdf)
>  The goal of neural-symbolic computation is to integrate the connectionist and symbolist paradigms. Prior methods learn the neural-symbolic models using reinforcement learning (RL) approaches, which ignore the error propagation in the symbolic reasoning module and thus converge slowly with sparse rewards. In this paper, we address these issues and close the loop of neural-symbolic learning by (1) introducing the \textbf{grammar} model as a \textit{symbolic prior} to bridge neural perception and symbolic reasoning, and (2) proposing a novel \textbf{back-search} algorithm which mimics the top-down human-like learning procedure to propagate the error through the symbolic reasoning module efficiently. We further interpret the proposed learning framework as maximum likelihood estimation using Markov chain Monte Carlo sampling and the back-search algorithm as a Metropolis-Hastings sampler. The experiments are conducted on two weakly-supervised neural-symbolic tasks: (1) handwritten formula recognition on the newly introduced HWF dataset; (2) visual question answering on the CLEVR dataset. The results show that our approach significantly outperforms the RL methods in terms of performance, converging speed, and data efficiency. Our code and data are released at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://liqing-ustc.github.io/NGS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 47.Interpretable Visualizations with Differentiating Embedding Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06640.pdf)
>  We present a visualization algorithm based on a novel unsupervised Siamese neural network training regime and loss function, called Differentiating Embedding Networks (DEN). The Siamese neural network finds differentiating or similar features between specific pairs of samples in a dataset, and uses these features to embed the dataset in a lower dimensional space where it can be visualized. Unlike existing visualization algorithms such as UMAP or $t$-SNE, DEN is parametric, meaning it can be interpreted by techniques such as SHAP. To interpret DEN, we create an end-to-end parametric clustering algorithm on top of the visualization, and then leverage SHAP scores to determine which features in the sample space are important for understanding the structures shown in the visualization based on the clusters found. We compare DEN visualizations with existing techniques on a variety of datasets, including image and scRNA-seq data. We then show that our clustering algorithm performs similarly to the state of the art despite not having prior knowledge of the number of clusters, and sets a new state of the art on FashionMNIST. Finally, we demonstrate finding differentiating features of a dataset. Code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/isaacrob/DEN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 48.Real-Time Video Inference on Edge Devices via Adaptive Model Streaming  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06628.pdf)
>  Real-time video inference on compute-limited edge devices like mobile phones and drones is challenging due to the high computation cost of Deep Neural Network models. In this paper we propose Adaptive Model Streaming (AMS), a cloud-assisted approach to real-time video inference on edge devices. The key idea in AMS is to use online learning to continually adapt a lightweight model running on an edge device to boost its performance on the video scenes in real-time. The model is trained in a cloud server and is periodically sent to the edge device. We discuss the challenges of online learning for video and present a practical design that takes into account the edge device, cloud server, and network bandwidth resource limitations. On the task of video semantic segmentation, our experimental results show 5.1--17.0 percent mean Intersection-over-Union improvement compared to a pre-trained model on several real-world videos. Our prototype can perform video segmentation at 30 frames-per-second with 40 milliseconds camera-to-label latency on a Samsung Galaxy S10+ mobile phone, using less than 400Kbps uplink and downlink bandwidth on the device.      
### 49.Diagnosis and Analysis of Celiac Disease and Environmental Enteropathy on Biopsy Images using Deep Learning Approaches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06627.pdf)
>  Celiac Disease (CD) and Environmental Enteropathy (EE) are common causes of malnutrition and adversely impact normal childhood development. Both conditions require a tissue biopsy for diagnosis and a major challenge of interpreting clinical biopsy images to differentiate between these gastrointestinal diseases is striking histopathologic overlap between them. In the current study, we propose four diagnosis techniques for these diseases and address their limitations and advantages. First, the diagnosis between CD, EE, and Normal biopsies is considered, but the main challenge with this diagnosis technique is the staining problem. The dataset used in this research is collected from different centers with different staining standards. To solve this problem, we use color balancing in order to train our model with a varying range of colors. Random Multimodel Deep Learning (RMDL) architecture has been used as another approach to mitigate the effects of the staining problem. RMDL combines different architectures and structures of deep learning and the final output of the model is based on the majority vote. CD is a chronic autoimmune disease that affects the small intestine genetically predisposed children and adults. Typically, CD rapidly progress from Marsh I to IIIa. Marsh III is sub-divided into IIIa (partial villus atrophy), Marsh IIIb (subtotal villous atrophy), and Marsh IIIc (total villus atrophy) to explain the spectrum of villus atrophy along with crypt hypertrophy and increased intraepithelial lymphocytes. In the second part of this study, we proposed two ways for diagnosing different stages of CD. Finally, in the third part of this study, these two steps are combined as Hierarchical Medical Image Classification (HMIC) to have a model to diagnose the disease data hierarchically.      
### 50.A Primer on Large Intelligent Surface (LIS) for Wireless Sensing in an Industrial Setting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06563.pdf)
>  One of the beyond-5G developments that is often highlighted is the integration of wireless communication and radio sensing. This paper addresses the potential of communication-sensing integration of Large Intelligent Surfaces (LIS) in an exemplary Industry 4.0 scenario. Besides the potential for high throughput and efficient multiplexing of wireless links, a LIS can offer a high-resolution rendering of the propagation environment. This is because, in an indoor setting, it can be placed in proximity to the sensed phenomena, while the high resolution is offered by densely spaced tiny antennas deployed over a large area. By treating a LIS as a radio image of the environment, we develop sensing techniques that leverage the tools of image processing and computer vision combined with machine learning. We test these methods for a scenario where we need to detect whether an industrial robot deviates from a predefined route. The results show that the LIS-based sensing offers high precision and has a high application potential in indoor industrial environments.      
### 51.MMA Regularization: Decorrelating Weights of Neural Networks by Maximizing the Minimal Angles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06527.pdf)
>  The strong correlation between neurons or filters can significantly weaken the generalization ability of neural networks. Inspired by the well-known Tammes problem, we propose a novel diversity regularization method to address this issue, which makes the normalized weight vectors of neurons or filters distributed on a hypersphere as uniformly as possible, through maximizing the minimal pairwise angles (MMA). This method can easily exert its effect by plugging the MMA regularization term into the loss function with negligible computational overhead. The MMA regularization is simple, efficient, and effective. Therefore, it can be used as a basic regularization method in neural network training. Extensive experiments demonstrate that MMA regularization is able to enhance the generalization ability of various modern models and achieves considerable performance improvements on CIFAR100 and TinyImageNet datasets. In addition, experiments on face verification show that MMA regularization is also effective for feature learning.      
### 52.Fully-automated deep learning slice-based muscle estimation from CT images for sarcopenia assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06432.pdf)
>  Objective: To demonstrate the effectiveness of using a deep learning-based approach for a fully automated slice-based measurement of muscle mass for assessing sarcopenia on CT scans of the abdomen without any case exclusion criteria. <br>Materials and Methods: This retrospective study was conducted using a collection of public and privately available CT images (n = 1070). The method consisted of two stages: slice detection from a CT volume and single-slice CT segmentation. Both stages used Fully Convolutional Neural Networks (FCNN) and were based on a UNet-like architecture. Input data consisted of CT volumes with a variety of fields of view. The output consisted of a segmented muscle mass on a CT slice at the level of L3 vertebra. The muscle mass is segmented into erector spinae, psoas, and rectus abdominus muscle groups. The output was tested against manual ground-truth segmentation by an expert annotator. <br>Results: 3-fold cross validation was used to evaluate the proposed method. The slice detection cross validation error was 1.41+-5.02 (in slices). The segmentation cross validation Dice overlaps were 0.97+-0.02, 0.95+-0.04, 0.94+-0.04 for erector spinae, psoas, and rectus abdominus, respectively, and 0.96+-0.02 for the combined muscle mass. <br>Conclusion: A deep learning approach to detect CT slices and segment muscle mass to perform slice-based analysis of sarcopenia is an effective and promising approach. The use of FCNN to accurately and efficiently detect a slice in CT volumes with a variety of fields of view, occlusions, and slice thicknesses was demonstrated.      
### 53.Interpreting CNN for Low Complexity Learned Sub-pixel Motion Compensation in Video Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06392.pdf)
>  Deep learning has shown great potential in image and video compression tasks. However, it brings bit savings at the cost of significant increases in coding complexity, which limits its potential for implementation within practical applications. In this paper, a novel neural network-based tool is presented which improves the interpolation of reference samples needed for fractional precision motion compensation. Contrary to previous efforts, the proposed approach focuses on complexity reduction achieved by interpreting the interpolation filters learned by the networks. When the approach is implemented in the Versatile Video Coding (VVC) test model, up to 4.5% BD-rate saving for individual sequences is achieved compared with the baseline VVC, while the complexity of learned interpolation is significantly reduced compared to the application of full neural network.      
### 54.TensorFlow with user friendly Graphical Framework for object detection API  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06385.pdf)
>  TensorFlow is an open-source framework for deep learning dataflow and contains application programming interfaces (APIs) of voice analysis, natural language process, and computer vision. Especially, TensorFlow object detection API in computer vision field has been widely applied to technologies of agriculture, engineering, and medicine but barriers to entry of the framework usage is still high through command-line interface (CLI) and code for amateurs and beginners of information technology (IT) field. Therefore, this is aim to develop an user friendly Graphical Framework for object detection API on TensorFlow which is called TensorFlow Graphical Framework (TF-GraF). The TF-GraF provides independent virtual environments according to user accounts in server-side, additionally, execution of data preprocessing, training, and evaluation without CLI in client-side. Furthermore, hyperparameter setting, real-time observation of training process, object visualization of test images, and metrics evaluations of test data can also be operated via TF-GraF. Especially, TF-GraF supports flexible model selection of SSD, Faster-RCNN, RFCN, and Mask-RCNN including convolutional neural networks (inceptions and ResNets) through GUI environment. Consequently, TF-GraF allows anyone, even without any previous knowledge of deep learning frameworks, to design, train and deploy machine intelligence models without coding. Since TF-GraF takes care of setting and configuration, it allows anyone to use deep learning technology for their project without spending time to install complex software and environment.      
### 55.Adversarial Attack Vulnerability of Medical Image Analysis Systems: Unexplored Factors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06356.pdf)
>  Adversarial attacks are considered a potentially serious security threat for machine learning systems. Medical image analysis (MedIA) systems have recently been argued to be particularly vulnerable to adversarial attacks due to strong financial incentives. In this paper, we study several previously unexplored factors affecting adversarial attack vulnerability of deep learning MedIA systems in three medical domains: ophthalmology, radiology and pathology. Firstly, we study the effect of varying the degree of adversarial perturbation on the attack performance and its visual perceptibility. Secondly, we study how pre-training on a public dataset (ImageNet) affects the models' vulnerability to attacks. Thirdly, we study the influence of data and model architecture disparity between target and attacker models. Our experiments show that the degree of perturbation significantly affects both performance and human perceptibility of attacks. Pre-training may dramatically increase the transfer of adversarial examples; the larger the performance gain achieved by pre-training, the larger the transfer. Finally, disparity in data and/or model architecture between target and attacker models substantially decreases the success of attacks. We believe that these factors should be considered when designing cybersecurity-critical MedIA systems, as well as kept in mind when evaluating their vulnerability to adversarial attacks. <br>* indicates equal contribution      
### 56.DSU-net: Dense SegU-net for automatic head-and-neck tumor segmentation in MR images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06278.pdf)
>  Precise and accurate segmentation of the most common head-and-neck tumor, nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC), in MRI sheds light on treatment and regulatory decisions making. However, the large variations in the lesion size and shape of NPC, boundary ambiguity, as well as the limited available annotated samples conspire NPC segmentation in MRI towards a challenging task. In this paper, we propose a Dense SegU-net (DSU-net) framework for automatic NPC segmentation in MRI. Our contribution is threefold. First, different from the traditional decoder in U-net using upconvolution for upsamling, we argue that the restoration from low resolution features to high resolution output should be capable of preserving information significant for precise boundary localization. Hence, we use unpooling to unsample and propose SegU-net. Second, to combat the potential vanishing-gradient problem, we introduce dense blocks which can facilitate feature propagation and reuse. Third, using only cross entropy (CE) as loss function may bring about troubles such as miss-prediction, therefore we propose to use a loss function comprised of both CE loss and Dice loss to train the network. Quantitative and qualitative comparisons are carried out extensively on in-house datasets, the experimental results show that our proposed architecture outperforms the existing state-of-the-art segmentation networks.      
### 57.W-net: Simultaneous segmentation of multi-anatomical retinal structures using a multi-task deep neural network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06277.pdf)
>  Segmentation of multiple anatomical structures is of great importance in medical image analysis. In this study, we proposed a $\mathcal{W}$-net to simultaneously segment both the optic disc (OD) and the exudates in retinal images based on the multi-task learning (MTL) scheme. We introduced a class-balanced loss and a multi-task weighted loss to alleviate the imbalanced problem and to improve the robustness and generalization property of the $\mathcal{W}$-net. We demonstrated the effectiveness of our approach by applying five-fold cross-validation experiments on two public datasets e\_ophtha\_EX and DiaRetDb1. We achieved F1-score of 94.76\% and 95.73\% for OD segmentation, and 92.80\% and 94.14\% for exudates segmentation. To further prove the generalization property of the proposed method, we applied the trained model on the DRIONS-DB dataset for OD segmentation and on the MESSIDOR dataset for exudate segmentation. Our results demonstrated that by choosing the optimal weights of each task, the MTL based $\mathcal{W}$-net outperformed separate models trained individually on each task. Code and pre-trained models will be available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/FundusResearch/MTL_for_OD_and_exudates.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 58.Unsupervised Learning of 3D Point Set Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06200.pdf)
>  Point cloud registration is the process of aligning a pair of point sets via searching for a geometric transformation. Recent works leverage the power of deep learning for registering a pair of point sets. However, unfortunately, deep learning models often require a large number of ground truth labels for training. Moreover, for a pair of source and target point sets, existing deep learning mechanisms require explicitly designed encoders to extract both deep spatial features from unstructured point clouds and their spatial correlation representation, which is further fed to a decoder to regress the desired geometric transformation for point set alignment. To further enhance deep learning models for point set registration, this paper proposes Deep-3DAligner, a novel unsupervised registration framework based on a newly introduced deep Spatial Correlation Representation (SCR) feature. The SCR feature describes the geometric essence of the spatial correlation between source and target point sets in an encoding-free manner. More specifically, our method starts with optimizing a randomly initialized latent SCR feature, which is then decoded to a geometric transformation (i.e., rotation and translation) to align source and target point sets. Our Deep-3DAligner jointly updates the SCR feature and weights of the transformation decoder towards the minimization of an unsupervised alignment loss. We conducted experiments on the ModelNet40 datasets to validate the performance of our unsupervised Deep-3DAligner for point set registration. The results demonstrated that, even without ground truth and any assumption of a direct correspondence between source and target point sets for training, our proposed approach achieved comparative performance compared to most recent supervised state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 59.COVID-19-CT-CXR: a freely accessible and weakly labeled chest X-ray and CT image collection on COVID-19 from biomedical literature  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06177.pdf)
>  The latest threat to global health is the COVID-19 outbreak. Although there exist large datasets of chest X-rays (CXR) and computed tomography (CT) scans, few COVID-19 image collections are currently available due to patient privacy. At the same time, there is a rapid growth of COVID-19-relevant articles in the biomedical literature. Here, we present COVID-19-CT-CXR, a public database of COVID-19 CXR and CT images, which are automatically extracted from COVID-19-relevant articles from the PubMed Central Open Access (PMC-OA) Subset. We extracted figures, associated captions, and relevant figure descriptions in the article and separated compound figures into subfigures. We also designed a deep-learning model to distinguish them from other figure types and to classify them accordingly. The final database includes 1,327 CT and 263 CXR images (as of May 9, 2020) with their relevant text. To demonstrate the utility of COVID-19-CT-CXR, we conducted four case studies. (1) We show that COVID-19-CT-CXR, when used as additional training data, is able to contribute to improved DL performance for the classification of COVID-19 and non-COVID-19 CT. (2) We collected CT images of influenza and trained a DL baseline to distinguish a diagnosis of COVID-19, influenza, or normal or other types of diseases on CT. (3) We trained an unsupervised one-class classifier from non-COVID-19 CXR and performed anomaly detection to detect COVID-19 CXR. (4) From text-mined captions and figure descriptions, we compared clinical symptoms and clinical findings of COVID-19 vs. those of influenza to demonstrate the disease differences in the scientific publications. We believe that our work is complementary to existing resources and hope that it will contribute to medical image analysis of the COVID-19 pandemic. The dataset, code, and DL models are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ncbi-nlp/COVID-19-CT-CXR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 60.Enabling Nonlinear Manifold Projection Reduced-Order Models by Extending Convolutional Neural Networks to Unstructured Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06154.pdf)
>  We propose a nonlinear manifold learning technique based on deep autoencoders that is appropriate for model order reduction of physical systems in complex geometries. Convolutional neural networks have proven to be highly advantageous for systems demonstrating a slow-decaying Kolmogorov n-width. However, these networks are restricted to data on structured meshes. Unstructured meshes are often required for performing analyses of real systems with complex geometry. Our custom graph convolution operators based on the available differential operators for a given spatial discretization effectively extend the application space of these deep autoencoders to systems with arbitrarily complex geometry that can only be efficiently discretized using unstructured meshes. We propose sets of convolution operators based on the spatial derivative operators for the underlying spatial discretization, making the method particularly well suited to data arising from the solution of partial differential equations. We demonstrate the method using examples from heat transfer and fluid mechanics and show better than an order of magnitude improvement in accuracy over linear subspace methods.      
### 61.Deterministic Gaussian Averaged Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06061.pdf)
>  We present a deterministic method to compute the Gaussian average of neural networks used in regression and classification. Our method is based on an equivalence between training with a particular regularized loss, and the expected values of Gaussian averages. We use this equivalence to certify models which perform well on clean data but are not robust to adversarial perturbations. In terms of certified accuracy and adversarial robustness, our method is comparable to known stochastic methods such as randomized smoothing, but requires only a single model evaluation during inference.      
### 62.Disease Detection from Lung X-ray Images based on Hybrid Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.00682.pdf)
>  Lung Disease can be considered as the second most common type of disease for men and women. Many people die of lung disease such as lung cancer, Asthma, CPD (Chronic pulmonary disease) etc. in every year. Early detection of lung cancer can lessen the probability of deaths. In this paper, a chest X ray image dataset has been used in order to diagnosis properly and analysis the lung disease. For binary classification, some important is selected. The criteria include precision, recall, F beta score and accuracy. The fusion of AI and cancer diagnosis are acquiring huge interest as a cancer diagnostic tool. In recent days, deep learning based AI for example Convolutional neural network (CNN) can be successfully applied for disease classification and prediction. This paper mainly focuses the performance of Vanilla neural network, CNN, fusion of CNN and Visual Geometry group based neural network (VGG), fusion of CNN, VGG, STN and finally Capsule network. Normally basic CNN has poor performance for rotated, tilted or other abnormal image orientation. As a result, hybrid systems have been exhibited in order to enhance the accuracy with the maintenance of less training time. All models have been implemented in two groups of data sets: full dataset and sample dataset. Therefore, a comparative analysis has been developed in this paper. Some visualization of the attributes of the dataset has also been showed in this paper      
