# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 24 Jun 2020
### 1.Instant 3D Object Tracking with Applications in Augmented Reality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.13194.pdf)
>  Tracking object poses in 3D is a crucial building block for Augmented Reality applications. We propose an instant motion tracking system that tracks an object's pose in space (represented by its 3D bounding box) in real-time on mobile devices. Our system does not require any prior sensory calibration or initialization to function. We employ a deep neural network to detect objects and estimate their initial 3D pose. Then the estimated pose is tracked using a robust planar tracker. Our tracker is capable of performing relative-scale 9-DoF tracking in real-time on mobile devices. By combining use of CPU and GPU efficiently, we achieve 26-FPS+ performance on mobile devices.      
### 2.Towards Robust Sensor Fusion in Visual Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.13192.pdf)
>  We study the problem of robust sensor fusion in visual perception, especially under the autonomous driving settings. We evaluate the robustness of RGB camera and LiDAR sensor fusion for binary classification and object detection. In this work, we are interested in the behavior of different fusion methods under adversarial attacks on different sensors. We first train both classification and detection models with early fusion and late fusion, then apply different combinations of adversarial attacks on both sensor inputs for evaluation. We also study the effectiveness of adversarial attacks with varying budgets. Experiment results show that while sensor fusion models are generally vulnerable to adversarial attacks, late fusion method is more robust than early fusion. The results also provide insights on further obtaining robust sensor fusion models.      
### 3.Facing the Hard Problems in FGVC  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.13190.pdf)
>  In fine-grained visual categorization (FGVC), there is a near-singular focus in pursuit of attaining state-of-the-art (SOTA) accuracy. This work carefully analyzes the performance of recent SOTA methods, quantitatively, but more importantly, qualitatively. We show that these models universally struggle with certain "hard" images, while also making complementary mistakes. We underscore the importance of such analysis, and demonstrate that combining complementary models can improve accuracy on the popular CUB-200 dataset by over 5%. In addition to detailed analysis and characterization of the errors made by these SOTA methods, we provide a clear set of recommended directions for future FGVC researchers.      
### 4.Efficient Spatially Adaptive Convolution and Correlation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.13188.pdf)
>  Fast methods for convolution and correlation underlie a variety of applications in computer vision and graphics, including efficient filtering, analysis, and simulation. However, standard convolution and correlation are inherently limited to fixed filters: spatial adaptation is impossible without sacrificing efficient computation. In early work, Freeman and Adelson have shown how steerable filters can address this limitation, providing a way for rotating the filter as it is passed over the signal. In this work, we provide a general, representation-theoretic, framework that allows for spatially varying linear transformations to be applied to the filter. This framework allows for efficient implementation of extended convolution and correlation for transformation groups such as rotation (in 2D and 3D) and scale, and provides a new interpretation for previous methods including steerable filters and the generalized Hough transform. We present applications to pattern matching, image feature description, vector field visualization, and adaptive image filtering.      
### 5.Boundary Regularized Building Footprint Extraction From Satellite Images Using Deep Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.13176.pdf)
>  In recent years, an ever-increasing number of remote satellites are orbiting the Earth which streams vast amount of visual data to support a wide range of civil, public and military applications. One of the key information obtained from satellite imagery is to produce and update spatial maps of built environment due to its wide coverage with high resolution data. However, reconstructing spatial maps from satellite imagery is not a trivial vision task as it requires reconstructing a scene or object with high-level representation such as primitives. For the last decade, significant advancement in object detection and representation using visual data has been achieved, but the primitive-based object representation still remains as a challenging vision task. Thus, a high-quality spatial map is mainly produced through complex labour-intensive processes. In this paper, we propose a novel deep neural network, which enables to jointly detect building instance and regularize noisy building boundary shapes from a single satellite imagery. The proposed deep learning method consists of a two-stage object detection network to produce region of interest (RoI) features and a building boundary extraction network using graph models to learn geometric information of the polygon shapes. Extensive experiments show that our model can accomplish multi-tasks of object localization, recognition, semantic labelling and geometric shape extraction simultaneously. In terms of building extraction accuracy, computation efficiency and boundary regularization performance, our model outperforms the state-of-the-art baseline models.      
### 6.ObjectNav Revisited: On Evaluation of Embodied Agents Navigating to Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.13171.pdf)
>  We revisit the problem of Object-Goal Navigation (ObjectNav). In its simplest form, ObjectNav is defined as the task of navigating to an object, specified by its label, in an unexplored environment. In particular, the agent is initialized at a random location and pose in an environment and asked to find an instance of an object category, e.g., find a chair, by navigating to it. <br>As the community begins to show increased interest in semantic goal specification for navigation tasks, a number of different often-inconsistent interpretations of this task are emerging. This document summarizes the consensus recommendations of this working group on ObjectNav. In particular, we make recommendations on subtle but important details of evaluation criteria (for measuring success when navigating towards a target object), the agent's embodiment parameters, and the characteristics of the environments within which the task is carried out. Finally, we provide a detailed description of the instantiation of these recommendations in challenges organized at the Embodied AI workshop at CVPR 2020 \url{<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://embodied-ai.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>} .      
### 7.Joint Detection and Multi-Object Tracking with Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.13164.pdf)
>  Object detection and data association are critical components in multi-object tracking (MOT) systems. Despite the fact that these two components are highly dependent on each other, one popular trend in MOT is to perform detection and data association as separate modules, processed in a cascaded order. Due to this cascaded process, the resulting MOT system can only perform forward inference and cannot back-propagate error through the entire pipeline and correct them. This leads to sub-optimal performance over the total pipeline. To address this issue, recent work jointly optimizes detection and data association and forms an integrated MOT approach, which has been shown to improve performance in both detection and tracking. In this work, we propose a new approach for joint MOT based on Graph Neural Networks (GNNs). The key idea of our approach is that GNNs can explicitly model complex interactions between multiple objects in both the spatial and temporal domains, which is essential for learning discriminative features for detection and data association. We also leverage the fact that motion features are useful for MOT when used together with appearance features. So our proposed joint MOT approach also incorporates appearance and motion features within our graph-based feature learning framework, leading to better feature learning for MOT. Through extensive experiments on the MOT challenge dataset, we show that our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance on both object detection and MOT.      
### 8.Calibrated Adversarial Refinement for Multimodal Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.13144.pdf)
>  Ambiguities in images or unsystematic annotation can lead to multiple valid solutions in semantic segmentation. To learn a distribution over predictions, recent work has explored the use of probabilistic networks. However, these do not necessarily capture the empirical distribution accurately. In this work, we aim to learn a calibrated multimodal predictive distribution, where the empirical frequency of the sampled predictions closely reflects that of the corresponding labels in the training set. To this end, we propose a novel two-stage, cascaded strategy for calibrated adversarial refinement. In the first stage, we explicitly model the data with a categorical likelihood. In the second, we train an adversarial network to sample from it an arbitrary number of coherent predictions. The model can be used independently or integrated into any black-box segmentation framework to enable the synthesis of diverse predictions. We demonstrate the utility and versatility of the approach by achieving competitive results on the multigrader LIDC dataset and a modified Cityscapes dataset. In addition, we use a toy regression dataset to show that our framework is not confined to semantic segmentation, and the core design can be adapted to other tasks requiring learning a calibrated predictive distribution.      
### 9.Distilling Object Detectors with Task Adaptive Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.13108.pdf)
>  Current state-of-the-art object detectors are at the expense of high computational costs and are hard to deploy to low-end devices. Knowledge distillation, which aims at training a smaller student network by transferring knowledge from a larger teacher model, is one of the promising solutions for model miniaturization. In this paper, we investigate each module of a typical detector in depth, and propose a general distillation framework that adaptively transfers knowledge from teacher to student according to the task specific priors. The intuition is that simply distilling all information from teacher to student is not advisable, instead we should only borrow priors from the teacher model where the student cannot perform well. Towards this goal, we propose a region proposal sharing mechanism to interflow region responses between the teacher and student models. Based on this, we adaptively transfer knowledge at three levels, \emph{i.e.}, feature backbone, classification head, and bounding box regression head, according to which model performs more reasonably. Furthermore, considering that it would introduce optimization dilemma when minimizing distillation loss and detection loss simultaneously, we propose a distillation decay strategy to help improve model generalization via gradually reducing the distillation penalty. Experiments on widely used detection benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness of our method. In particular, using Faster R-CNN with FPN as an instantiation, we achieve an accuracy of $39.0\%$ with Resnet-50 on COCO dataset, which surpasses the baseline $36.3\%$ by $2.7\%$ points, and even better than the teacher model with $38.5\%$ mAP.      
### 10.Single-Shot 3D Detection of Vehicles from Monocular RGB Images via Geometry Constrained Keypoints in Real-Time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.13084.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a novel 3D single-shot object detection method for detecting vehicles in monocular RGB images. Our approach lifts 2D detections to 3D space by predicting additional regression and classification parameters and hence keeping the runtime close to pure 2D object detection. The additional parameters are transformed to 3D bounding box keypoints within the network under geometric constraints. Our proposed method features a full 3D description including all three angles of rotation without supervision by any labeled ground truth data for the object's orientation, as it focuses on certain keypoints within the image plane. While our approach can be combined with any modern object detection framework with only little computational overhead, we exemplify the extension of SSD for the prediction of 3D bounding boxes. We test our approach on different datasets for autonomous driving and evaluate it using the challenging KITTI 3D Object Detection as well as the novel nuScenes Object Detection benchmarks. While we achieve competitive results on both benchmarks we outperform current state-of-the-art methods in terms of speed with more than 20 FPS for all tested datasets and image resolutions.      
### 11.DCNNs: A Transfer Learning comparison of Full Weapon Family threat detection forDual-Energy X-Ray Baggage Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.13065.pdf)
>  Recent advancements in Convolutional Neural Networks have yielded super-human levels of performance in image recognition tasks [13, 25]; however, with increasing volumes of parcels crossing UK borders each year, classification of threats becomes integral to the smooth operation of UK borders. In this work we propose the first pipeline to effectively process Dual-Energy X-Ray scanner output, and perform classification capable of distinguishing between firearm families (Assault Rifle, Revolver, Self-Loading Pistol,Shotgun, and Sub-Machine Gun) from this output. With this pipeline we compare re-cent Convolutional Neural Network architectures against the X-Ray baggage domain via Transfer Learning and show ResNet50 to be most suitable to classification - outlining a number of considerations for operational success within the domain.      
### 12.Rotation Invariant Deep CBIR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.13046.pdf)
>  Introduction of Convolutional Neural Networks has improved results on almost every image-based problem and Content-Based Image Retrieval is not an exception. But the CNN features, being rotation invariant, creates problems to build a rotation-invariant CBIR system. Though rotation-invariant features can be hand-engineered, the retrieval accuracy is very low because by hand engineering only low-level features can be created, unlike deep learning models that create high-level features along with low-level features. This paper shows a novel method to build a rotational invariant CBIR system by introducing a deep learning orientation angle detection model along with the CBIR feature extraction model. This paper also highlights that this rotation invariant deep CBIR can retrieve images from a large dataset in real-time.      
### 13.Motion Representation Using Residual Frames with 3D CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.13017.pdf)
>  Recently, 3D convolutional networks (3D ConvNets) yield good performance in action recognition. However, optical flow stream is still needed to ensure better performance, the cost of which is very high. In this paper, we propose a fast but effective way to extract motion features from videos utilizing residual frames as the input data in 3D ConvNets. By replacing traditional stacked RGB frames with residual ones, 35.6% and 26.6% points improvements over top-1 accuracy can be obtained on the UCF101 and HMDB51 datasets when ResNet-18 models are trained from scratch. And we achieved the state-of-the-art results in this training mode. Analysis shows that better motion features can be extracted using residual frames compared to RGB counterpart. By combining with a simple appearance path, our proposal can be even better than some methods using optical flow streams.      
### 14.Exemplar Loss for Siamese Network in Visual Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12987.pdf)
>  Visual tracking plays an important role in perception system, which is a crucial part of intelligent transportation. Recently, Siamese network is a hot topic for visual tracking to estimate moving targets' trajectory, due to its superior accuracy and simple framework. In general, Siamese tracking algorithms, supervised by logistic loss and triplet loss, increase the value of inner product between exemplar template and positive sample while reduce the value of inner product with background sample. However, the distractors from different exemplars are not considered by mentioned loss functions, which limit the feature models' discrimination. In this paper, a new exemplar loss integrated with logistic loss is proposed to enhance the feature model's discrimination by reducing inner products among exemplars. Without the bells and whistles, the proposed algorithm outperforms the methods supervised by logistic loss or triplet loss. Numerical results suggest that the newly developed algorithm achieves comparable performance in public benchmarks.      
### 15.FNA++: Fast Network Adaptation via Parameter Remapping and Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12986.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks achieve remarkable performance in many computer vision tasks. Most state-of-the-art (SOTA) semantic segmentation and object detection approaches reuse neural network architectures designed for image classification as the backbone, commonly pre-trained on ImageNet. However, performance gains can be achieved by designing network architectures specifically for detection and segmentation, as shown by recent neural architecture search (NAS) research for detection and segmentation. One major challenge though is that ImageNet pre-training of the search space representation (a.k.a. super network) or the searched networks incurs huge computational cost. In this paper, we propose a Fast Network Adaptation (FNA++) method, which can adapt both the architecture and parameters of a seed network (e.g. an ImageNet pre-trained network) to become a network with different depths, widths, or kernel sizes via a parameter remapping technique, making it possible to use NAS for segmentation/detection tasks a lot more efficiently. In our experiments, we conduct FNA++ on MobileNetV2 to obtain new networks for semantic segmentation, object detection, and human pose estimation that clearly outperform existing networks designed both manually and by NAS. We also implement FNA++ on ResNets and NAS networks, which demonstrates a great generalization ability. The total computation cost of FNA++ is significantly less than SOTA segmentation/detection NAS approaches: 1737x less than DPC, 6.8x less than Auto-DeepLab, and 8.0x less than DetNAS. The code will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JaminFong/FNA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 16.PFGDF: Pruning Filter via Gaussian Distribution Feature for Deep Neural Networks Acceleration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12963.pdf)
>  The existence of a lot of redundant information in convolutional neural networks leads to the slow deployment of its equipment on the edge. To solve this issue, we proposed a novel deep learning model compression acceleration method based on data distribution characteristics, namely Pruning Filter via Gaussian Distribution Feature(PFGDF) which was to found the smaller interval of the convolution layer of a certain layer to describe the original on the grounds of distribution characteristics . Compared with revious advanced methods, PFGDF compressed the model by filters with insignificance in distribution regardless of the contribution and sensitivity information of the convolution filter. The pruning process of the model was automated, and always ensured that the compressed model could restore the performance of original model. Notably, on CIFAR-10, PFGDF compressed the convolution filter on VGG-16 by 66:62%, the parameter reducing more than 90%, and FLOPs achieved 70:27%. On ResNet-32, PFGDF reduced the convolution filter by 21:92%. The parameter was reduced to 54:64%, and the FLOPs exceeded 42%      
### 17.Probabilistic Crowd GAN: Multimodal Pedestrian Trajectory Prediction using a Graph Vehicle-Pedestrian Attention Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12906.pdf)
>  Understanding and predicting the intention of pedestrians is essential to enable autonomous vehicles and mobile robots to navigate crowds. This problem becomes increasingly complex when we consider the uncertainty and multimodality of pedestrian motion, as well as the implicit interactions between members of a crowd, including any response to a vehicle. Our approach, Probabilistic Crowd GAN, extends recent work in trajectory prediction, combining Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) with Mixture Density Networks (MDNs) to output probabilistic multimodal predictions, from which likely modal paths are found and used for adversarial training. We also propose the use of Graph Vehicle-Pedestrian Attention Network (GVAT), which models social interactions and allows input of a shared vehicle feature, showing that inclusion of this module leads to improved trajectory prediction both with and without the presence of a vehicle. Through evaluation on various datasets, we demonstrate improvements on the existing state of the art methods for trajectory prediction and illustrate how the true multimodal and uncertain nature of crowd interactions can be directly modelled.      
### 18.Scribble2Label: Scribble-Supervised Cell Segmentation via Self-Generating Pseudo-Labels with Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12890.pdf)
>  Segmentation is a fundamental process in microscopic cell image analysis. With the advent of recent advances in deep learning, more accurate and high-throughput cell segmentation has become feasible. However, most existing deep learning-based cell segmentation algorithms require fully annotated ground-truth cell labels, which are time-consuming and labor-intensive to generate. In this paper, we introduce Scribble2Label, a novel weakly-supervised cell segmentation framework that exploits only a handful of scribble annotations without full segmentation labels. The core idea is to combine pseudo-labeling and label filtering to generate reliable labels from weak supervision. For this, we leverage the consistency of predictions by iteratively averaging the predictions to improve pseudo labels. We demonstrate the performance of Scribble2Label by comparing it to several state-of-the-art cell segmentation methods with various cell image modalities, including bright-field, fluorescence, and electron microscopy. We also show that our method performs robustly across different levels of scribble details, which confirms that only a few scribble annotations are required in real-use cases.      
### 19.SLV: Spatial Likelihood Voting for Weakly Supervised Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12884.pdf)
>  Based on the framework of multiple instance learning (MIL), tremendous works have promoted the advances of weakly supervised object detection (WSOD). However, most MIL-based methods tend to localize instances to their discriminative parts instead of the whole content. In this paper, we propose a spatial likelihood voting (SLV) module to converge the proposal localizing process without any bounding box annotations. Specifically, all region proposals in a given image play the role of voters every iteration during training, voting for the likelihood of each category in spatial dimensions. After dilating alignment on the area with large likelihood values, the voting results are regularized as bounding boxes, being used for the final classification and localization. Based on SLV, we further propose an end-to-end training framework for multi-task learning. The classification and localization tasks promote each other, which further improves the detection performance. Extensive experiments on the PASCAL VOC 2007 and 2012 datasets demonstrate the superior performance of SLV.      
### 20.Non-parametric spatially constrained local prior for scene parsing on real-world data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12874.pdf)
>  Scene parsing aims to recognize the object category of every pixel in scene images, and it plays a central role in image content understanding and computer vision applications. However, accurate scene parsing from unconstrained real-world data is still a challenging task. In this paper, we present the non-parametric Spatially Constrained Local Prior (SCLP) for scene parsing on realistic data. For a given query image, the non-parametric SCLP is learnt by first retrieving a subset of most similar training images to the query image and then collecting prior information about object co-occurrence statistics between spatial image blocks and between adjacent superpixels from the retrieved subset. The SCLP is powerful in capturing both long- and short-range context about inter-object correlations in the query image and can be effectively integrated with traditional visual features to refine the classification results. Our experiments on the SIFT Flow and PASCAL-Context benchmark datasets show that the non-parametric SCLP used in conjunction with superpixel-level visual features achieves one of the top performance compared with state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 21.Object recognition through pose and shape estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12864.pdf)
>  Computer vision helps machines or computer to see like humans. Computer Takes information from the images and then understands of useful information from images. Gesture recognition and movement recognition are the current area of research in computer vision. For both gesture and movement recognition finding pose of an object is of great importance. The purpose of this paper is to review many state of art which is already available for finding the pose of object based on shape, based on appearance, based on feature and comparison for its accuracy, complexity and performance      
### 22.NeuralScale: Efficient Scaling of Neurons for Resource-Constrained Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12813.pdf)
>  Deciding the amount of neurons during the design of a deep neural network to maximize performance is not intuitive. In this work, we attempt to search for the neuron (filter) configuration of a fixed network architecture that maximizes accuracy. Using iterative pruning methods as a proxy, we parameterize the change of the neuron (filter) number of each layer with respect to the change in parameters, allowing us to efficiently scale an architecture across arbitrary sizes. We also introduce architecture descent which iteratively refines the parameterized function used for model scaling. The combination of both proposed methods is coined as NeuralScale. To prove the efficiency of NeuralScale in terms of parameters, we show empirical simulations on VGG11, MobileNetV2 and ResNet18 using CIFAR10, CIFAR100 and TinyImageNet as benchmark datasets. Our results show an increase in accuracy of 3.04%, 8.56% and 3.41% for VGG11, MobileNetV2 and ResNet18 on CIFAR10, CIFAR100 and TinyImageNet respectively under a parameter-constrained setting (output neurons (filters) of default configuration with scaling factor of 0.25).      
### 23.MSMD-Net: Deep Stereo Matching with Multi-scale and Multi-dimension Cost Volume  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12797.pdf)
>  Deep end-to-end learning based stereo matching methods have achieved great success as witnessed by the leaderboards across different benchmarking datasets (KITTI, Middlebury, ETH3D, etc), where the cost volume representation is an indispensable step to the success. However, most existing work only employs a single cost volume, which cannot fully exploit the multi-scale cues in stereo matching and provide guidance for disparity refinement. What's more, the single cost volume representation also limits the disparity range and the resolution of the disparity estimation. In this paper, we propose MSMD-Net (Multi-Scale and Multi-Dimension) to construct multi-scale and multi-dimension cost volume. At the multi-scale level, we generate four 4D combination volumes at different scales and integrate them in 3D cost aggregation to predict an initial disparity estimation. At the multi-dimension level, we construct a 3D warped correlation volume and use it to refine the initial disparity map with residual learning. These two dimensional cost volumes are complementary to each other and can boost the performance of disparity estimation. Additionally, we propose a switch training strategy to further improve the accuracy of disparity estimation, where we switch two kinds of different activation functions to alleviate the overfitting issue in the pre-training process. Our proposed method was evaluated on several benchmark datasets and ranked first on KITTI 2012 leaderboard and second on KITTI 2015 leaderboard as of June 23.The code of MSMD-Net is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gallenszl/MSMD-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 24.Increased-Range Unsupervised Monocular Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12791.pdf)
>  Unsupervised deep learning methods have shown promising performance for single-image depth estimation. Since most of these methods use binocular stereo pairs for self-supervision, the depth range is generally limited. Small-baseline stereo pairs provide small depth range but handle occlusions well. On the other hand, stereo images acquired with a wide-baseline rig cause occlusions-related errors in the near range but estimate depth well in the far range. In this work, we propose to integrate the advantages of the small and wide baselines. By training the network using three horizontally aligned views, we obtain accurate depth predictions for both close and far ranges. Our strategy allows to infer multi-baseline depth from a single image. This is unlike previous multi-baseline systems which employ more than two cameras. The qualitative and quantitative results show the superior performance of multi-baseline approach over previous stereo-based monocular methods. For 0.1 to 80 meters depth range, our approach decreases the absolute relative error of depth by 24% compared to Monodepth2. Our approach provides 21 frames per second on a single Nvidia1080 GPU, making it useful for practical applications.      
### 25.Surpassing Real-World Source Training Data: Random 3D Characters for Generalizable Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12774.pdf)
>  Person re-identification has seen significant advancement in recent years. However, the ability of learned models to generalize to unknown target domains still remains limited. One possible reason for this is the lack of large-scale and diverse source training data, since manually labeling such a dataset is very expensive. To address this, we propose to automatically synthesize a large-scale person re-identification dataset following a set-up similar to real surveillance but with virtual environments, and then use the synthesized person images to train a generalizable person re-identification model. Specifically, we design a method to generate a large number of random UV texture maps and use them to create different 3D clothing models. Then, an automatic code is developed to randomly generate various different 3D characters with diverse clothes, races and attributes. Next, we simulate a number of different virtual environments using Unity3D, with customized camera networks similar to real surveillance systems, and import multiple 3D characters at the same time, with various movements and interactions along different paths through the camera networks. As a result, we obtain a virtual dataset, called RandPerson, with 1,756,759 person images of 8,000 identities. By training person re-identification models on these synthesized person images, we demonstrate, for the first time, that models trained on virtual data can generalize well to unseen target images, surpassing the models trained on various real-world datasets, including CUHK03, Market-1501, DukeMTMC-reID, and MSMT17. The RandPerson dataset will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VideoObjectSearch/RandPerson" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 26.Discriminative Feature Alignment: ImprovingTransferability of Unsupervised DomainAdaptation by Gaussian-guided LatentAlignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12770.pdf)
>  In this study, we focus on the unsupervised domain adaptation problem where an approximate inference model is to be learned from a labeled data domain and expected to generalize well to an unlabeled data domain. The success of unsupervised domain adaptation largely relies on the cross-domain feature alignment. Previous work has attempted to directly align latent features by the classifier-induced discrepancies. Nevertheless, a common feature space cannot always be learned via this direct feature alignment especially when a large domain gap exists. To solve this problem, we introduce a Gaussian-guided latent alignment approach to align the latent feature distributions of the two domains under the guidance of the prior distribution. In such an indirect way, the distributions over the samples from the two domains will be constructed on a common feature space, i.e., the space of the prior, which promotes better feature alignment. To effectively align the target latent distribution with this prior distribution, we also propose a novel unpaired L1-distance by taking advantage of the formulation of the encoder-decoder. The extensive evaluations on eight benchmark datasets validate the superior knowledge transferability through outperforming state-of-the-art methods and the versatility of the proposed method by improving the existing work significantly.      
### 27.Benchmarking features from different radiomics toolkits / toolboxes using Image Biomarkers Standardization Initiative  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12761.pdf)
>  There is no consensus regarding the radiomic feature terminology, the underlying mathematics, or their implementation. This creates a scenario where features extracted using different toolboxes could not be used to build or validate the same model leading to a non-generalization of radiomic results. In this study, the image biomarker standardization initiative (IBSI) established phantom and benchmark values were used to compare the variation of the radiomic features while using 6 publicly available software programs and 1 in-house radiomics pipeline. All IBSI-standardized features (11 classes, 173 in total) were extracted. The relative differences between the extracted feature values from the different software and the IBSI benchmark values were calculated to measure the inter-software agreement. To better understand the variations, features are further grouped into 3 categories according to their properties: 1) morphology, 2) statistic/histogram and 3)texture features. While a good agreement was observed for a majority of radiomics features across the various programs, relatively poor agreement was observed for morphology features. Significant differences were also found in programs that use different gray level discretization approaches. Since these programs do not include all IBSI features, the level of quantitative assessment for each category was analyzed using Venn and the UpSet diagrams and also quantified using two ad hoc metrics. Morphology features earns lowest scores for both metrics, indicating that morphological features are not consistently evaluated among software programs. We conclude that radiomic features calculated using different software programs may not be identical and reliable. Further studies are needed to standardize the workflow of radiomic feature extraction.      
### 28.PoseGAN: A Pose-to-Image Translation Framework for Camera Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12712.pdf)
>  Camera localization is a fundamental requirement in robotics and computer vision. This paper introduces a pose-to-image translation framework to tackle the camera localization problem. We present PoseGANs, a conditional generative adversarial networks (cGANs) based framework for the implementation of pose-to-image translation. PoseGANs feature a number of innovations including a distance metric based conditional discriminator to conduct camera localization and a pose estimation technique for generated camera images as a stronger constraint to improve camera localization performance. Compared with learning-based regression methods such as PoseNet, PoseGANs can achieve better performance with model sizes that are 70% smaller. In addition, PoseGANs introduce the view synthesis technique to establish the correspondence between the 2D images and the scene, \textit{i.e.}, given a pose, PoseGANs are able to synthesize its corresponding camera images. Furthermore, we demonstrate that PoseGANs differ in principle from structure-based localization and learning-based regressions for camera localization, and show that PoseGANs exploit the geometric structures to accomplish the camera localization task, and is therefore more stable than and superior to learning-based regressions which rely on local texture features instead. In addition to camera localization and view synthesis, we also demonstrate that PoseGANs can be successfully used for other interesting applications such as moving object elimination and frame interpolation in video sequences.      
### 29.CIE XYZ Net: Unprocessing Images for Low-Level Computer Vision Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12709.pdf)
>  Cameras currently allow access to two image states: (i) a minimally processed linear raw-RGB image state (i.e., raw sensor data) or (ii) a highly-processed nonlinear image state (e.g., sRGB). There are many computer vision tasks that work best with a linear image state, such as image deblurring and image dehazing. Unfortunately, the vast majority of images are saved in the nonlinear image state. Because of this, a number of methods have been proposed to "unprocess" nonlinear images back to a raw-RGB state. However, existing unprocessing methods have a drawback because raw-RGB images are sensor-specific. As a result, it is necessary to know which camera produced the sRGB output and use a method or network tailored for that sensor to properly unprocess it. This paper addresses this limitation by exploiting another camera image state that is not available as an output, but it is available inside the camera pipeline. In particular, cameras apply a colorimetric conversion step to convert the raw-RGB image to a device-independent space based on the CIE XYZ color space before they apply the nonlinear photo-finishing. Leveraging this canonical image state, we propose a deep learning framework, CIE XYZ Net, that can unprocess a nonlinear image back to the canonical CIE XYZ image. This image can then be processed by any low-level computer vision operator and re-rendered back to the nonlinear image. We demonstrate the usefulness of the CIE XYZ Net on several low-level vision tasks and show significant gains that can be obtained by this processing framework. Code and dataset are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mahmoudnafifi/CIE_XYZ_NET" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 30.iffDetector: Inference-aware Feature Filtering for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12708.pdf)
>  Modern CNN-based object detectors focus on feature configuration during training but often ignore feature optimization during inference. In this paper, we propose a new feature optimization approach to enhance features and suppress background noise in both the training and inference stages. We introduce a generic Inference-aware Feature Filtering (IFF) module that can easily be combined with modern detectors, resulting in our iffDetector. Unlike conventional open-loop feature calculation approaches without feedback, the IFF module performs closed-loop optimization by leveraging high-level semantics to enhance the convolutional features. By applying Fourier transform analysis, we demonstrate that the IFF module acts as a negative feedback that theoretically guarantees the stability of feature learning. IFF can be fused with CNN-based object detectors in a plug-and-play manner with negligible computational cost overhead. Experiments on the PASCAL VOC and MS COCO datasets demonstrate that our iffDetector consistently outperforms state-of-the-art methods by significant margins\footnote{The test code and model are anonymously available in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/anonymous2020new/iffDetector" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> }.      
### 31.Deep Learning of Unified Region, Edge, and Contour Models for Automated Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12706.pdf)
>  Image segmentation is a fundamental and challenging problem in computer vision with applications spanning multiple areas, such as medical imaging, remote sensing, and autonomous vehicles. Recently, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have gained traction in the design of automated segmentation pipelines. Although CNN-based models are adept at learning abstract features from raw image data, their performance is dependent on the availability and size of suitable training datasets. Additionally, these models are often unable to capture the details of object boundaries and generalize poorly to unseen classes. In this thesis, we devise novel methodologies that address these issues and establish robust representation learning frameworks for fully-automatic semantic segmentation in medical imaging and mainstream computer vision. In particular, our contributions include (1) state-of-the-art 2D and 3D image segmentation networks for computer vision and medical image analysis, (2) an end-to-end trainable image segmentation framework that unifies CNNs and active contour models with learnable parameters for fast and robust object delineation, (3) a novel approach for disentangling edge and texture processing in segmentation networks, and (4) a novel few-shot learning model in both supervised settings and semi-supervised settings where synergies between latent and image spaces are leveraged to learn to segment images given limited training data.      
### 32.Contrastive Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12681.pdf)
>  Conditional image synthesis is the task to generate high-fidelity diverse images using class label information. Although many studies have shown realistic results, there is room for improvement if the number of classes increases. In this paper, we propose a novel conditional contrastive loss to maximize a lower bound on mutual information between samples from the same class. Our framework, called Contrastive Generative Adversarial Networks (ContraGAN), learns to synthesize images using class information and data-to-data relations of training examples. The discriminator in ContraGAN discriminates the authenticity of given samples and maximizes the mutual information between embeddings of real images from the same class. Simultaneously, the generator attempts to synthesize images to fool the discriminator and to maximize the mutual information of fake images from the same class prior. The experimental results show that ContraGAN is robust to network architecture selection and outperforms state-of-the-art-models by 3.7% and 11.2% on CIFAR10 and Tiny ImageNet datasets, respectively, without any data augmentation. For the fair comparison, we re-implement the nine state-of-the-art-approaches to test various methods under the same condition. The software package that can re-produce all experiments is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/POSTECH-CVLab/PyTorch-StudioGAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.AFDet: Anchor Free One Stage 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12671.pdf)
>  High-efficiency point cloud 3D object detection operated on embedded systems is important for many robotics applications including autonomous driving. Most previous works try to solve it using anchor-based detection methods which come with two drawbacks: post-processing is relatively complex and computationally expensive; tuning anchor parameters is tricky. We are the first to address these drawbacks with an anchor free and Non-Maximum Suppression free one stage detector called AFDet. The entire AFDet can be processed efficiently on a CNN accelerator or a GPU with the simplified post-processing. Without bells and whistles, our proposed AFDet performs competitively with other one stage anchor-based methods on KITTI validation set and Waymo Open Dataset validation set.      
### 34.RP2K: A Large-Scale Retail Product Dataset forFine-Grained Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12634.pdf)
>  We introduce RP2K, a new large-scale retail product dataset for fine-grained image classification. Unlike previous datasets focusing on relatively few products, we collect more than 500,000 images of retail products on shelves belonging to 2000 different products. Our dataset aims to advance the research in retail object recognition, which has massive applications such as automatic shelf auditing and image-based product information retrieval. Our dataset enjoys following properties: (1) It is by far the largest scale dataset in terms of product categories. (2) All images are captured manually in physical retail stores with natural lightings, matching the scenario of real applications. (3) We provide rich annotations to each object, including the sizes, shapes and flavors/scents. We believe our dataset could benefit both computer vision research and retail industry.      
### 35.Drive-Net: Convolutional Network for Driver Distraction Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12586.pdf)
>  To help prevent motor vehicle accidents, there has been significant interest in finding an automated method to recognize signs of driver distraction, such as talking to passengers, fixing hair and makeup, eating and drinking, and using a mobile phone. In this paper, we present an automated supervised learning method called Drive-Net for driver distraction detection. Drive-Net uses a combination of a convolutional neural network (CNN) and a random decision forest for classifying images of a driver. We compare the performance of our proposed Drive-Net to two other popular machine-learning approaches: a recurrent neural network (RNN), and a multi-layer perceptron (MLP). We test the methods on a publicly available database of images acquired under a controlled environment containing about 22425 images manually annotated by an expert. Results show that Drive-Net achieves a detection accuracy of 95%, which is 2% more than the best results obtained on the same database using other methods      
### 36.Laplacian Mixture Model Point Based Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12582.pdf)
>  Point base registration is an important part in many machine VISIOn applications, medical diagnostics, agricultural studies etc. The goal of point set registration is to find correspondences between different data sets and estimate the appropriate transformation that can map one set to another. Here we introduce a novel method for matching of different data sets based on Laplacian distribution. We consider the alignment of two point sets as probability density estimation problem. By using maximum likelihood methods we try to fit the Laplacian mixture model (LMM) centroids (source point set) to the data point set.      
### 37.LAMP: Large Deep Nets with Automated Model Parallelism for Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12575.pdf)
>  Deep Learning (DL) models are becoming larger, because the increase in model size might offer significant accuracy gain. To enable the training of large deep networks, data parallelism and model parallelism are two well-known approaches for parallel training. However, data parallelism does not help reduce memory footprint per device. In this work, we introduce Large deep 3D ConvNets with Automated Model Parallelism (LAMP) and investigate the impact of both input's and deep 3D ConvNets' size on segmentation accuracy. Through automated model parallelism, it is feasible to train large deep 3D ConvNets with a large input patch, even the whole image. Extensive experiments demonstrate that, facilitated by the automated model parallelism, the segmentation accuracy can be improved through increasing model size and input context size, and large input yields significant inference speedup compared with sliding window of small patches in the inference. Code is available\footnote{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wentaozhu/lamp-automated-model-parallelism" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 38.A Survey on Deep Learning for Localization and Mapping: Towards the Age of Spatial Machine Intelligence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12567.pdf)
>  Deep learning based localization and mapping has recently attracted great attentions. Instead of crating hand-designed algorithms via exploiting physical models or geometry theory, deep learning based solutions provide an alternative to solve the problem in a data-driven way. Benefited from the ever-increasing amount of data and computational power, these methods are fast evolving into a new area that offers accurate and robust systems to track motion and estimate scene structure for real-world applications. In this work, we provide a comprehensive survey, and propose a new taxonomy on the existing approaches on localization and mapping using deep learning. We also discuss the limitations of current models, and indicate possible future directions. A wide range of topics are covered, from learning odometry estimation, mapping, to global localization and simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM). We revisit the problem of perceiving self-motion and scene with on-board sensors, and show how to solve it by integrating these modules into a prospective spatial machine intelligence system (SMIS). It is our hope that this work can connect the emerging works from robotics, computer vision and machine learning communities, and serve as a guide for future researchers to know about the possible ways that apply deep learning to tackle the localization and mapping problems.      
### 39.Frost filtered scale-invariant feature extraction and multilayer perceptron for hyperspectral image classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12556.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral image (HSI) classification plays a significant in the field of remote sensing due to its ability to provide spatial and spectral information. Due to the rapid development and increasing of hyperspectral remote sensing technology, many methods have been developed for HSI classification but still a lack of achieving the better performance. A Frost Filtered Scale-Invariant Feature Transformation based MultiLayer Perceptron Classification (FFSIFT-MLPC) technique is introduced for classifying the hyperspectral image with higher accuracy and minimum time consumption. The FFSIFT-MLPC technique performs three major processes, namely preprocessing, feature extraction and classification using multiple layers. Initially, the hyperspectral image is divided into number of spectral bands. These bands are given as input in the input layer of perceptron. Then the Frost filter is used in FFSIFT-MLPC technique for preprocessing the input bands which helps to remove the noise from hyper-spectral image at the first hidden layer. After preprocessing task, texture, color and object features of hyper-spectral image are extracted at second hidden layer using Gaussian distributive scale-invariant feature transform. At the third hidden layer, Euclidean distance is measured between the extracted features and testing features. Finally, feature matching is carried out at the output layer for hyper-spectral image classification. The classified outputs are resulted in terms of spectral bands (i.e., different colors). Experimental analysis is performed with PSNR, classification accuracy, false positive rate and classification time with number of spectral bands. The results evident that presented FFSIFT-MLPC technique improves the hyperspectral image classification accuracy, PSNR and minimizes false positive rate as well as classification time than the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 40.Long-Horizon Visual Planning with Goal-Conditioned Hierarchical Predictors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.13205.pdf)
>  The ability to predict and plan into the future is fundamental for agents acting in the world. To reach a faraway goal, we predict trajectories at multiple timescales, first devising a coarse plan towards the goal and then gradually filling in details. In contrast, current learning approaches for visual prediction and planning fail on long-horizon tasks as they generate predictions (1) without considering goal information, and (2) at the finest temporal resolution, one step at a time. In this work we propose a framework for visual prediction and planning that is able to overcome both of these limitations. First, we formulate the problem of predicting towards a goal and propose the corresponding class of latent space goal-conditioned predictors (GCPs). GCPs significantly improve planning efficiency by constraining the search space to only those trajectories that reach the goal. Further, we show how GCPs can be naturally formulated as hierarchical models that, given two observations, predict an observation between them, and by recursively subdividing each part of the trajectory generate complete sequences. This divide-and-conquer strategy is effective at long-term prediction, and enables us to design an effective hierarchical planning algorithm that optimizes trajectories in a coarse-to-fine manner. We show that by using both goal-conditioning and hierarchical prediction, GCPs enable us to solve visual planning tasks with much longer horizon than previously possible.      
### 41.Simple and Effective VAE Training with Calibrated Decoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.13202.pdf)
>  Variational autoencoders (VAEs) provide an effective and simple method for modeling complex distributions. However, training VAEs often requires considerable hyperparameter tuning, and often utilizes a heuristic weight on the prior KL-divergence term. In this work, we study how the performance of VAEs can be improved while not requiring the use of this heuristic hyperparameter, by learning calibrated decoders that accurately model the decoding distribution. While in some sense it may seem obvious that calibrated decoders should perform better than uncalibrated decoders, much of the recent literature that employs VAEs uses uncalibrated Gaussian decoders with constant variance. We observe empirically that the nave way of learning variance in Gaussian decoders does not lead to good results. However, {other calibrated decoders, such as discrete decoders or learning shared variance} can substantially improve performance. To further improve results, we propose a simple but novel modification to the commonly used Gaussian decoder, which represents the prediction variance non-parametrically. We observe empirically that using the heuristic weight hyperparameter is not necessary with our method. We analyze the performance of various discrete and continuous decoders on a range of datasets and several single-image and sequential VAE models. Project website: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://orybkin.github.io/sigma-vae/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 42.MANTRA: A Machine Learning reference lightcurve dataset for astronomical transient event recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.13163.pdf)
>  We introduce MANTRA, an annotated dataset of 4869 transient and 71207 non-transient object lightcurves built from the Catalina Real Time Transient Survey. We provide public access to this dataset as a plain text file to facilitate standardized quantitative comparison of astronomical transient event recognition algorithms. Some of the classes included in the dataset are: supernovae, cataclysmic variables, active galactic nuclei, high proper motion stars, blazars and flares. As an example of the tasks that can be performed on the dataset we experiment with multiple data pre-processing methods, feature selection techniques and popular machine learning algorithms (Support Vector Machines, Random Forests and Neural Networks). We assess quantitative performance in two classification tasks: binary (transient/non-transient) and eight-class classification. The best performing algorithm in both tasks is the Random Forest Classifier. It achieves an F1-score of 96.25% in the binary classification and 52.79% in the eight-class classification. For the eight-class classification, non-transients ( 96.83% ) is the class with the highest F1-score, while the lowest corresponds to high-proper-motion stars ( 16.79% ); for supernovae it achieves a value of 54.57% , close to the average across classes. The next release of MANTRA includes images and benchmarks with deep learning models.      
### 43.Deep Polynomial Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.13026.pdf)
>  Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (DCNNs) are currently the method of choice both for generative, as well as for discriminative learning in computer vision and machine learning. The success of DCNNs can be attributed to the careful selection of their building blocks (e.g., residual blocks, rectifiers, sophisticated normalization schemes, to mention but a few). In this paper, we propose $\Pi$-Nets, a new class of DCNNs. $\Pi$-Nets are polynomial neural networks, i.e., the output is a high-order polynomial of the input. The unknown parameters, which are naturally represented by high-order tensors, are estimated through a collective tensor factorization with factors sharing. We introduce three tensor decompositions that significantly reduce the number of parameters and show how they can be efficiently implemented by hierarchical neural networks. We empirically demonstrate that $\Pi$-Nets are very expressive and they even produce good results without the use of non-linear activation functions in a large battery of tasks and signals, i.e., images, graphs, and audio. When used in conjunction with activation functions, $\Pi$-Nets produce state-of-the-art results in three challenging tasks, i.e. image generation, face verification and 3D mesh representation learning.      
### 44.Bridging the Theoretical Bound and Deep Algorithms for Open Set Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.13022.pdf)
>  In the unsupervised open set domain adaptation (UOSDA), the target domain contains unknown classes that are not observed in the source domain. Researchers in this area aim to train a classifier to accurately: 1) recognize unknown target data (data with unknown classes) and, 2) classify other target data. To achieve this aim, a previous study has proven an upper bound of the target-domain risk, and the open set difference, as an important term in the upper bound, is used to measure the risk on unknown target data. By minimizing the upper bound, a shallow classifier can be trained to achieve the aim. However, if the classifier is very flexible (e.g., deep neural networks (DNNs)), the open set difference will converge to a negative value when minimizing the upper bound, which causes an issue where most target data are recognized as unknown data. To address this issue, we propose a new upper bound of target-domain risk for UOSDA, which includes four terms: source-domain risk, $\epsilon$-open set difference ($\Delta_\epsilon$), a distributional discrepancy between domains, and a constant. Compared to the open set difference, $\Delta_\epsilon$ is more robust against the issue when it is being minimized, and thus we are able to use very flexible classifiers (i.e., DNNs). Then, we propose a new principle-guided deep UOSDA method that trains DNNs via minimizing the new upper bound. Specifically, source-domain risk and $\Delta_\epsilon$ are minimized by gradient descent, and the distributional discrepancy is minimized via a novel open-set conditional adversarial training strategy. Finally, compared to existing shallow and deep UOSDA methods, our method shows the state-of-the-art performance on several benchmark datasets, including digit recognition (MNIST, SVHN, USPS), object recognition (Office-31, Office-Home), and face recognition (PIE).      
### 45.Rotation-Equivariant Neural Networks for Privacy Protection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.13016.pdf)
>  In order to prevent leaking input information from intermediate-layer features, this paper proposes a method to revise the traditional neural network into the rotation-equivariant neural network (RENN). Compared to the traditional neural network, the RENN uses d-ary vectors/tensors as features, in which each element is a d-ary number. These d-ary features can be rotated (analogous to the rotation of a d-dimensional vector) with a random angle as the encryption process. Input information is hidden in this target phase of d-ary features for attribute obfuscation. Even if attackers have obtained network parameters and intermediate-layer features, they cannot extract input information without knowing the target phase. Hence, the input privacy can be effectively protected by the RENN. Besides, the output accuracy of RENNs only degrades mildly compared to traditional neural networks, and the computational cost is significantly less than the homomorphic encryption.      
### 46.Joint Left Atrial Segmentation and Scar Quantification Based on a DNN with Spatial Encoding and Shape Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.13011.pdf)
>  We propose an end-to-end deep neural network (DNN) which can simultaneously segment the left atrial (LA) cavity and quantify LA scars. The framework incorporates the continuous spatial information of the target by introducing a spatially encoded (SE) loss based on the distance transform map. Compared to conventional binary label based loss, the proposed SE loss can reduce noisy patches in the resulting segmentation, which is commonly seen for deep learning-based methods. To fully utilize the inherent spatial relationship between LA and LA scars, we further propose a shape attention (SA) mechanism through an explicit surface projection to build an end-to-end-trainable model. Specifically, the SA scheme is embedded into a two-task network to perform the joint LA segmentation and scar quantification. Moreover, the proposed method can alleviate the severe class-imbalance problem when detecting small and discrete targets like scars. We evaluated the proposed framework on 60 LGE MRI data from the MICCAI2018 LA challenge. For LA segmentation, the proposed method reduced the mean Hausdorff distance from 36.4 mm to 20.0 mm compared to the 3D basic U-Net using the binary cross-entropy loss. For scar quantification, the method was compared with the results or algorithms reported in the literature and demonstrated better performance.      
### 47.Deep Attentive Wasserstein Generative Adversarial Networks for MRI Reconstruction with Recurrent Context-Awareness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12915.pdf)
>  The performance of traditional compressive sensing-based MRI (CS-MRI) reconstruction is affected by its slow iterative procedure and noise-induced artefacts. Although many deep learning-based CS-MRI methods have been proposed to mitigate the problems of traditional methods, they have not been able to achieve more robust results at higher acceleration factors. Most of the deep learning-based CS-MRI methods still can not fully mine the information from the k-space, which leads to unsatisfactory results in the MRI reconstruction. In this study, we propose a new deep learning-based CS-MRI reconstruction method to fully utilise the relationship among sequential MRI slices by coupling Wasserstein Generative Adversarial Networks (WGAN) with Recurrent Neural Networks. Further development of an attentive unit enables our model to reconstruct more accurate anatomical structures for the MRI data. By experimenting on different MRI datasets, we have demonstrated that our method can not only achieve better results compared to the state-of-the-arts but can also effectively reduce residual noise generated during the reconstruction process.      
### 48.Scale-Space Autoencoders for Unsupervised Anomaly Segmentation in Brain MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12852.pdf)
>  Brain pathologies can vary greatly in size and shape, ranging from few pixels (i.e. MS lesions) to large, space-occupying tumors. Recently proposed Autoencoder-based methods for unsupervised anomaly segmentation in brain MRI have shown promising performance, but face difficulties in modeling distributions with high fidelity, which is crucial for accurate delineation of particularly small lesions. Here, similar to these previous works, we model the distribution of healthy brain MRI to localize pathologies from erroneous reconstructions. However, to achieve improved reconstruction fidelity at higher resolutions, we learn to compress and reconstruct different frequency bands of healthy brain MRI using the laplacian pyramid. In a range of experiments comparing our method to different State-of-the-Art approaches on three different brain MR datasets with MS lesions and tumors, we show improved anomaly segmentation performance and the general capability to obtain much more crisp reconstructions of input data at native resolution. The modeling of the laplacian pyramid further enables the delineation and aggregation of lesions at multiple scales, which allows to effectively cope with different pathologies and lesion sizes using a single model.      
### 49.Sparse-RS: a versatile framework for query-efficient sparse black-box adversarial attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12834.pdf)
>  A large body of research has focused on adversarial attacks which require to modify all input features with small $l_2$- or $l_\infty$-norms. In this paper we instead focus on query-efficient sparse attacks in the black-box setting. Our versatile framework, Sparse-RS, based on random search achieves state-of-the-art success rate and query efficiency for different sparse attack models such as $l_0$-bounded perturbations (outperforming established white-box methods), adversarial patches, and adversarial framing. We show the effectiveness of Sparse-RS on different datasets considering problems from image recognition and malware detection and multiple variations of sparse threat models, including targeted and universal perturbations. In particular Sparse-RS can be used for realistic attacks such as universal adversarial patch attacks without requiring a substitute model. The code of our framework is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fra31/sparse-rs" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 50.3D Probabilistic Segmentation and Volumetry from 2D projection images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12809.pdf)
>  X-Ray imaging is quick, cheap and useful for front-line care assessment and intra-operative real-time imaging (e.g., C-Arm Fluoroscopy). However, it suffers from projective information loss and lacks vital volumetric information on which many essential diagnostic biomarkers are based on. In this paper we explore probabilistic methods to reconstruct 3D volumetric images from 2D imaging modalities and measure the models' performance and confidence. We show our models' performance on large connected structures and we test for limitations regarding fine structures and image domain sensitivity. We utilize fast end-to-end training of a 2D-3D convolutional networks, evaluate our method on 117 CT scans segmenting 3D structures from digitally reconstructed radiographs (DRRs) with a Dice score of $0.91 \pm 0.0013$. Source code will be made available by the time of the conference.      
### 51.Post-hoc Calibration of Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12807.pdf)
>  Calibration of neural networks is a critical aspect to consider when incorporating machine learning models in real-world decision-making systems where the confidence of decisions are equally important as the decisions themselves. In recent years, there is a surge of research on neural network calibration and the majority of the works can be categorized into post-hoc calibration methods, defined as methods that learn an additional function to calibrate an already trained base network. In this work, we intend to understand the post-hoc calibration methods from a theoretical point of view. Especially, it is known that minimizing Negative Log-Likelihood (NLL) will lead to a calibrated network on the training set if the global optimum is attained (Bishop, 1994). Nevertheless, it is not clear learning an additional function in a post-hoc manner would lead to calibration in the theoretical sense. To this end, we prove that even though the base network ($f$) does not lead to the global optimum of NLL, by adding additional layers ($g$) and minimizing NLL by optimizing the parameters of $g$ one can obtain a calibrated network $g \circ f$. This not only provides a less stringent condition to obtain a calibrated network but also provides a theoretical justification of post-hoc calibration methods. Our experiments on various image classification benchmarks confirm the theory.      
### 52.Calibration of Neural Networks using Splines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12800.pdf)
>  Calibrating neural networks is of utmost importance when employing them in safety-critical applications where the downstream decision making depends on the predicted probabilities. Measuring calibration error amounts to comparing two empirical distributions. In this work, we introduce a binning-free calibration measure inspired by the classical Kolmogorov-Smirnov (KS) statistical test in which the main idea is to compare the respective cumulative probability distributions. From this, by approximating the empirical cumulative distribution using a differentiable function via splines, we obtain a recalibration function, which maps the network outputs to actual (calibrated) class assignment probabilities. The spine-fitting is performed using a held-out calibration set and the obtained recalibration function is evaluated on an unseen test set. We tested our method against existing calibration approaches on various image classification datasets and our spline-based recalibration approach consistently outperforms existing methods on KS error as well as other commonly used calibration measures.      
### 53.Learning Physical Constraints with Neural Projections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12745.pdf)
>  We propose a new family of neural networks to predict the behaviors of physical systems by learning their underpinning constraints. A neural projection operator liesat the heart of our approach, composed of a lightweight network with an embedded recursive architecture that interactively enforces learned underpinning constraints and predicts the various governed behaviors of different physical systems. Our neural projection operator is motivated by the position-based dynamics model that has been used widely in game and visual effects industries to unify the various fast physics simulators. Our method can automatically and effectively uncover a broad range of constraints from observation point data, such as length, angle, bending, collision, boundary effects, and their arbitrary combinations, without any connectivity priors. We provide a multi-group point representation in conjunction with a configurable network connection mechanism to incorporate prior inputs for processing complex physical systems. We demonstrated the efficacy of our approach by learning a set of challenging physical systems all in a unified and simple fashion including: rigid bodies with complex geometries, ropes with varying length and bending, articulated soft and rigid bodies, and multi-object collisions with complex boundaries.      
### 54.Semi-Supervised Learning for Fetal Brain MRI Quality Assessment with ROI consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12704.pdf)
>  Fetal brain MRI is useful for diagnosing brain abnormalities but is challenged by fetal motion. The current protocol for T2-weighted fetal brain MRI is not robust to motion so image volumes are degraded by inter- and intra- slice motion artifacts. Besides, manual annotation for fetal MR image quality assessment are usually time-consuming. Therefore, in this work, a semi-supervised deep learning method that detects slices with artifacts during the brain volume scan is proposed. Our method is based on the mean teacher model, where we not only enforce consistency between student and teacher models on the whole image, but also adopt an ROI consistency loss to guide the network to focus on the brain region. The proposed method is evaluated on a fetal brain MR dataset with 11,223 labeled images and more than 200,000 unlabeled images. Results show that compared with supervised learning, the proposed method can improve model accuracy by about 6\% and outperform other state-of-the-art semi-supervised learning methods. The proposed method is also implemented and evaluated on an MR scanner, which demonstrates the feasibility of online image quality assessment and image reacquisition during fetal MR scans.      
### 55.Generalized Grasping for Mechanical Grippers for Unknown Objects with Partial Point Cloud Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12676.pdf)
>  We present a generalized grasping algorithm that uses point clouds (i.e. a group of points and their respective surface normals) to discover grasp pose solutions for multiple grasp types, executed by a mechanical gripper, in near real-time. The algorithm introduces two ideas: 1) a histogram of finger contact normals is used to represent a grasp 'shape' to guide a gripper orientation search in a histogram of object(s) surface normals, and 2) voxel grid representations of gripper and object(s) are cross-correlated to match finger contact points, i.e. grasp 'size', to discover a grasp pose. Constraints, such as collisions with neighbouring objects, are optionally incorporated in the cross-correlation computation. We show via simulations and experiments that 1) grasp poses for three grasp types can be found in near real-time, 2) grasp pose solutions are consistent with respect to voxel resolution changes for both partial and complete point cloud scans, and 3) a planned grasp is executed with a mechanical gripper.      
### 56.Inexact Derivative-Free Optimization for Bilevel Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12674.pdf)
>  Variational regularization techniques are dominant in the field of mathematical imaging. A drawback of these techniques is that they are dependent on a number of parameters which have to be set by the user. A by now common strategy to resolve this issue is to learn these parameters from data. While mathematically appealing this strategy leads to a nested optimization problem (known as bilevel optimization) which is computationally very difficult to handle. A key ingredient in solving the upper-level problem is the exact solution of the lower-level problem which is practically infeasible. In this work we propose to solve these problems using inexact derivative-free optimization algorithms which never require to solve the lower-level problem exactly. We provide global convergence and worst-case complexity analysis of our approach, and test our proposed framework on ROF-denoising and learning MRI sampling patterns. Dynamically adjusting the lower-level accuracy yields learned parameters with similar reconstruction quality as high-accuracy evaluations but with dramatic reductions in computational work (up to 100 times faster in some cases).      
### 57.Perceptual Adversarial Robustness: Defense Against Unseen Threat Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12655.pdf)
>  We present adversarial attacks and defenses for the perceptual adversarial threat model: the set of all perturbations to natural images which can mislead a classifier but are imperceptible to human eyes. The perceptual threat model is broad and encompasses $L_2$, $L_\infty$, spatial, and many other existing adversarial threat models. However, it is difficult to determine if an arbitrary perturbation is imperceptible without humans in the loop. To solve this issue, we propose to use a {\it neural perceptual distance}, an approximation of the true perceptual distance between images using internal activations of neural networks. In particular, we use the Learned Perceptual Image Patch Similarity (LPIPS) distance. We then propose the {\it neural perceptual threat model} that includes adversarial examples with a bounded neural perceptual distance to natural images. Under the neural perceptual threat model, we develop two novel perceptual adversarial attacks to find any imperceptible perturbations to images which can fool a classifier. Through an extensive perceptual study, we show that the LPIPS distance correlates well with human judgements of perceptibility of adversarial examples, validating our threat model. Because the LPIPS threat model is very broad, we find that Perceptual Adversarial Training (PAT) against a perceptual attack gives robustness against many other types of adversarial attacks. We test PAT on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet-100 against 12 types of adversarial attacks and find that, for each attack, PAT achieves close to the accuracy of adversarial training against just that perturbation type. That is, PAT generalizes well to unforeseen perturbation types. This is vital in sensitive applications where a particular threat model cannot be assumed, and to the best of our knowledge, PAT is the first adversarial defense with this property.      
### 58.Semantic Features Aided Multi-Scale Reconstruction of Inter-Modality Magnetic Resonance Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12585.pdf)
>  Long acquisition time (AQT) due to series acquisition of multi-modality MR images (especially T2 weighted images (T2WI) with longer AQT), though beneficial for disease diagnosis, is practically undesirable. We propose a novel deep network based solution to reconstruct T2W images from T1W images (T1WI) using an encoder-decoder architecture. The proposed learning is aided with semantic features by using multi-channel input with intensity values and gradient of image in two orthogonal directions. A reconstruction module (RM) augmenting the network along with a domain adaptation module (DAM) which is an encoder-decoder model built-in with sharp bottleneck module (SBM) is trained via modular training. The proposed network significantly reduces the total AQT with negligible qualitative artifacts and quantitative loss (reconstructs one volume in approximately 1 second). The testing is done on publicly available dataset with real MR images, and the proposed network shows (approximately 1dB) increase in PSNR over SOTA.      
### 59.Just How Toxic is Data Poisoning? A Unified Benchmark for Backdoor and Data Poisoning Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.12557.pdf)
>  Data poisoning and backdoor attacks manipulate training data in order to cause models to fail during inference. A recent survey of industry practitioners found that data poisoning is the number one concern among threats ranging from model stealing to adversarial attacks. However, we find that the impressive performance evaluations from data poisoning attacks are, in large part, artifacts of inconsistent experimental design. Moreover, we find that existing poisoning methods have been tested in contrived scenarios, and they fail in realistic settings. In order to promote fair comparison in future work, we develop unified benchmarks for data poisoning and backdoor attacks.      
