# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 30 Jun 2020
### 1.The Heterogeneity Hypothesis: Finding Layer-Wise Dissimilated Network Architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16242.pdf)
>  In this paper, we tackle the problem of convolutional neural network design. Instead of focusing on the overall architecture design, we investigate a design space that is usually overlooked, \ie adjusting the channel configurations of predefined networks. We find that this adjustment can be achieved by pruning widened baseline networks and leads to superior performance. Base on that, we articulate the ``heterogeneity hypothesis'': with the same training protocol, there exists a layer-wise dissimilated network architecture (LW-DNA) that can outperform the original network with regular channel configurations under lower level of model complexity. <br>The LW-DNA models are identified without added computational cost and training time compared with the original network. This constraint leads to controlled experiment which directs the focus to the importance of layer-wise specific channel configurations. Multiple sources of hints relate the benefits of LW-DNA models to overfitting, \ie the relative relationship between model complexity and dataset size. Experiments are conducted on various networks and datasets for image classification, visual tracking and image restoration. The resultant LW-DNA models consistently outperform the compared baseline models.      
### 2.The Many Faces of Robustness: A Critical Analysis of Out-of-Distribution Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16241.pdf)
>  We introduce three new robustness benchmarks consisting of naturally occurring distribution changes in image style, geographic location, camera operation, and more. Using our benchmarks, we take stock of previously proposed hypotheses for out-of-distribution robustness and put them to the test. We find that using larger models and synthetic data augmentation can improve robustness on real-world distribution shifts, contrary to claims in prior work. Motivated by this, we introduce a new data augmentation method which advances the state-of-the-art and outperforms models pretrained with 1000x more labeled data. We find that some methods consistently help with distribution shifts in texture and local image statistics, but these methods do not help with some other distribution shifts like geographic changes. We conclude that future research must study multiple distribution shifts simultaneously.      
### 3.Self-Supervised MultiModal Versatile Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16228.pdf)
>  Videos are a rich source of multi-modal supervision. In this work, we learn representations using self-supervision by leveraging three modalities naturally present in videos: vision, audio and language. To this end, we introduce the notion of a multimodal versatile network -- a network that can ingest multiple modalities and whose representations enable downstream tasks in multiple modalities. In particular, we explore how best to combine the modalities, such that fine-grained representations of audio and vision can be maintained, whilst also integrating text into a common embedding. Driven by versatility, we also introduce a novel process of deflation, so that the networks can be effortlessly applied to the visual data in the form of video or a static image. We demonstrate how such networks trained on large collections of unlabelled video data can be applied on video, video-text, image and audio tasks. Equipped with these representations, we obtain state-of-the-art performance on multiple challenging benchmarks including UCF101, HMDB51 and ESC-50 when compared to previous self-supervised work.      
### 4.Unsupervised Learning Consensus Model for Dynamic Texture Videos Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16177.pdf)
>  Dynamic texture (DT) segmentation, and video processing in general, is currently widely dominated by methods based on deep neural networks that require the deployment of a large number of layers. Although this parametric approach has shown superior performances for the dynamic texture segmentation, all current deep learning methods suffer from a significant main weakness related to the lack of a sufficient reference annotation to train models and to make them functional. This study explores the unsupervised segmentation approach that can be used in the absence of training data to segment new videos. We present an effective unsupervised learning consensus model for the segmentation of dynamic texture (ULCM). This model is designed to merge different segmentation maps that contain multiple and weak quality regions in order to achieve a more accurate final result of segmentation. The diverse labeling fields required for the combination process are obtained by a simplified grouping scheme applied to an input video (on the basis of a three orthogonal planes: xy, yt and xt). In the proposed model, the set of values of the requantized local binary patterns (LBP) histogram around the pixel to be classified are used as features which represent both the spatial and temporal information replicated in the video. Experiments conducted on the challenging SynthDB dataset show that, contrary to current dynamic texture segmentation approaches that either require parameter estimation or a training step, ULCM is significantly faster, easier to code, simple and has limited parameters. Further qualitative experiments based on the YUP++ dataset prove the efficiently and competitively of the ULCM.      
### 5.Automatic Operating Room Surgical Activity Recognition for Robot-Assisted Surgery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16166.pdf)
>  Automatic recognition of surgical activities in the operating room (OR) is a key technology for creating next generation intelligent surgical devices and workflow monitoring/support systems. Such systems can potentially enhance efficiency in the OR, resulting in lower costs and improved care delivery to the patients. In this paper, we investigate automatic surgical activity recognition in robot-assisted operations. We collect the first large-scale dataset including 400 full-length multi-perspective videos from a variety of robotic surgery cases captured using Time-of-Flight cameras. We densely annotate the videos with 10 most recognized and clinically relevant classes of activities. Furthermore, we investigate state-of-the-art computer vision action recognition techniques and adapt them for the OR environment and the dataset. First, we fine-tune the Inflated 3D ConvNet (I3D) for clip-level activity recognition on our dataset and use it to extract features from the videos. These features are then fed to a stack of 3 Temporal Gaussian Mixture layers which extracts context from neighboring clips, and eventually go through a Long Short Term Memory network to learn the order of activities in full-length videos. We extensively assess the model and reach a peak performance of 88% mean Average Precision.      
### 6.Human Activity Recognition based on Dynamic Spatio-Temporal Relations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16132.pdf)
>  Human activity, which usually consists of several actions, generally covers interactions among persons and or objects. In particular, human actions involve certain spatial and temporal relationships, are the components of more complicated activity, and evolve dynamically over time. Therefore, the description of a single human action and the modeling of the evolution of successive human actions are two major issues in human activity recognition. In this paper, we develop a method for human activity recognition that tackles these two issues. In the proposed method, an activity is divided into several successive actions represented by spatio temporal patterns, and the evolution of these actions are captured by a sequential model. A refined comprehensive spatio temporal graph is utilized to represent a single action, which is a qualitative representation of a human action incorporating both the spatial and temporal relations of the participant objects. Next, a discrete hidden Markov model is applied to model the evolution of action sequences. Moreover, a fully automatic partition method is proposed to divide a long-term human activity video into several human actions based on variational objects and qualitative spatial relations. Finally, a hierarchical decomposition of the human body is introduced to obtain a discriminative representation for a single action. Experimental results on the Cornell Activity Dataset demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed approach, which will enable long videos of human activity to be better recognized.      
### 7.GramGAN: Deep 3D Texture Synthesis From 2D Exemplars  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16112.pdf)
>  We present a novel texture synthesis framework, enabling the generation of infinite, high-quality 3D textures given a 2D exemplar image. Inspired by recent advances in natural texture synthesis, we train deep neural models to generate textures by non-linearly combining learned noise frequencies. To achieve a highly realistic output conditioned on an exemplar patch, we propose a novel loss function that combines ideas from both style transfer and generative adversarial networks. In particular, we train the synthesis network to match the Gram matrices of deep features from a discriminator network. In addition, we propose two architectural concepts and an extrapolation strategy that significantly improve generalization performance. In particular, we inject both model input and condition into hidden network layers by learning to scale and bias hidden activations. Quantitative and qualitative evaluations on a diverse set of exemplars motivate our design decisions and show that our system performs superior to previous state of the art. Finally, we conduct a user study that confirms the benefits of our framework.      
### 8.Iris Recognition: Inherent Binomial Degrees of Freedom  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16107.pdf)
>  The distinctiveness of the human iris has been measured by first extracting a set of features from the iris, an encoding, and then comparing these encoded feature sets to determine how distinct they are from one another. For example, John Daugman measures the distinctiveness of the human iris at 244 degrees of freedom, that is, Daugman's encoding maps irises into the equivalent of 2 ^ 244 distinct possibilities [2]. This paper shows by direct pixel-by-pixel comparison of high-quality iris images that the inherent number of degrees of freedom embodied in the human iris, independent of any encoding, is at least 536. When the resolution of these images is gradually reduced, the number of degrees of freedom decreases smoothly to 123 for the lowest resolution images tested.      
### 9.A Measurement of Transportation Ban inside Wuhan on the COVID-19 Epidemic by Vehicle Detection in Remote Sensing Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16098.pdf)
>  Wuhan, the biggest city in China's central region with a population of more than 11 million, was shut down to control the COVID-19 epidemic on 23 January, 2020. Even though many researches have studied the travel restriction between cities and provinces, few studies focus on the transportation control inside the city, which may be due to the lack of the measurement of the transportation ban. Therefore, we evaluate the implementation of transportation ban policy inside the city by extracting motor vehicles on the road from two high-resolution remote sensing image sets before and after Wuhan lockdown. In order to detect vehicles from the remote sensing image datasets with the resolution of 0.8m accurately, we proposed a novel method combining anomaly detection, region grow and deep learning. The vehicle numbers in Wuhan dropped with a percentage of at least 63.31% caused by COVID-19. Considering fewer interferences, the dropping percentages of ring road and high-level road should be more representative with the value of 84.81% and 80.22%. The districts located in city center were more intensively affected by the transportation ban. Since the public transportations have been shut down, the significant reduction of motor vehicles indicates that the lockdown policy in Wuhan show effectiveness in controlling human transmission inside the city.      
### 10.Layered Stereo by Cooperative Grouping with Occlusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16094.pdf)
>  Human stereo vision uses occlusions as a prominent cue, sometimes the only cue, to localize object boundaries and recover depth relationships between surfaces adjacent to these boundaries. However, many modern computer vision systems treat occlusions as a secondary cue or ignore them as outliers, leading to imprecise boundaries, especially when matching cues are weak. In this work, we introduce a layered approach to stereo that explicitly incorporates occlusions. Unlike previous layer-based methods, our model is cooperative, involving local computations among units that have overlapping receptive fields at multiple scales, and sparse lateral and vertical connections between the computational units. Focusing on bi-layer scenes, we demonstrate our model's ability to localize boundaries between figure and ground in a wide variety of cases, including images from Middlebury and Falling Things datasets, as well as perceptual stimuli that lack matching cues and have yet to be well explained by previous computational stereo systems. Our model suggests new directions for creating cooperative stereo systems that incorporate occlusion cues in a human-like manner.      
### 11.Patch SVDD: Patch-level SVDD for Anomaly Detection and Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16067.pdf)
>  In this paper, we tackle the problem of image anomaly detection and segmentation. Anomaly detection is to make a binary decision whether an input image contains an anomaly or not, and anomaly segmentation aims to locate the defect in a pixel-level. SVDD is a longstanding algorithm for an anomaly detection. We extend its deep learning variant to patch-level using self-supervised learning. The extension enables the anomaly segmentation, and it improves the detection performance as well. As a result, we achieved a state-of-the-art performances on a standard industrial dataset, MVTec AD. Detailed analysis on the proposed method offers a useful insight about its behavior.      
### 12.Forgery Detection in a Questioned Hyperspectral Document Image using K-means Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16057.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral imaging allows for analysis of images in several hundred of spectral bands depending on the spectral resolution of the imaging sensor. Hyperspectral document image is the one which has been captured by a hyperspectral camera so that the document can be observed in the different bands on the basis of their unique spectral signatures. To detect the forgery in a document various Ink mismatch detection techniques based on hyperspectral imaging have presented vast potential in differentiating visually similar inks. Inks of different materials exhibit different spectral signature even if they have the same color. Hyperspectral analysis of document images allows identification and discrimination of visually similar inks. Based on this analysis forensic experts can identify the authenticity of the document. In this paper an extensive ink mismatch detection technique is presented which uses KMean Clustering to identify different inks on the basis of their unique spectral response and separates them into different clusters.      
### 13.Visual Kinship Recognition: A Decade in the Making  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16033.pdf)
>  Kinship recognition is a challenging problem with many practical applications. With much progress and milestones having been reached after ten years since pioneered - it is now that today we are able to survey their research and create new milestones. We list and review the public resources and data challenges that enabled and inspired many to hone-in on one or more views of automatic kinship recognition in the visual domain. The different tasks are described in technical terms and syntax consistent across the problem domain and the practical value of each discussed and measured. State-of-the-art methods for visual kinship recognition problems, whether to discriminate between or generate from, are examined. As part of such, we review systems proposed as part of a recent data challenge held in conjunction with the 2020 IEEE Conference on Automatic Face and Gesture Recognition. We establish a stronghold for the state of progress for the different problems in a consistent manner. We intend for this survey will serve as the central resource for work of the next decade to build upon. For the tenth anniversary, demo code is provided for the various kin-based tasks. Detecting relatives with visual recognition and classifying the relationship is an area with high potential for impact in research and practice.      
### 14.Creating Artificial Modalities to Solve RGB Liveness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16028.pdf)
>  Special cameras that provide useful features for face anti-spoofing are desirable, but not always an option. In this work we propose a method to utilize the difference in dynamic appearance between bona fide and spoof samples by creating artificial modalities from RGB videos. We introduce two types of artificial transforms: rank pooling and optical flow, combined in end-to-end pipeline for spoof detection. We demonstrate that using intermediate representations that contain less identity and fine-grained features increase model robustness to unseen attacks as well as to unseen ethnicities. The proposed method achieves state-of-the-art on the largest cross-ethnicity face anti-spoofing dataset CASIA-SURF CeFA (RGB).      
### 15.Intrinsic Autoencoders for Joint Neural Rendering and Intrinsic Image Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16011.pdf)
>  Neural rendering techniques promise efficient photo-realistic image synthesis while at the same time providing rich control over scene parameters by learning the physical image formation process. While several supervised methods have been proposed for this task, acquiring a dataset of images with accurately aligned 3D models is very difficult. The main contribution of this work is to lift this restriction by training a neural rendering algorithm from unpaired data. More specifically, we propose an autoencoder for joint generation of realistic images from synthetic 3D models while simultaneously decomposing real images into their intrinsic shape and appearance properties. In contrast to a traditional graphics pipeline, our approach does not require to specify all scene properties, such as material parameters and lighting by hand. Instead, we learn photo-realistic deferred rendering from a small set of 3D models and a larger set of unaligned real images, both of which are easy to acquire in practice. Simultaneously, we obtain accurate intrinsic decompositions of real images while not requiring paired ground truth. Our experiments confirm that a joint treatment of rendering and decomposition is indeed beneficial and that our approach outperforms state-of-the-art image-to-image translation baselines both qualitatively and quantitatively.      
### 16.MoNet3D: Towards Accurate Monocular 3D Object Localization in Real Time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16007.pdf)
>  Monocular multi-object detection and localization in 3D space has been proven to be a challenging task. The MoNet3D algorithm is a novel and effective framework that can predict the 3D position of each object in a monocular image and draw a 3D bounding box for each object. The MoNet3D method incorporates prior knowledge of the spatial geometric correlation of neighbouring objects into the deep neural network training process to improve the accuracy of 3D object localization. Experiments on the KITTI dataset show that the accuracy for predicting the depth and horizontal coordinates of objects in 3D space can reach 96.25\% and 94.74\%, respectively. Moreover, the method can realize the real-time image processing at 27.85 FPS, showing promising potential for embedded advanced driving-assistance system applications. Our code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/CQUlearningsystemgroup/YicongPeng" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 17.Explainable 3D Convolutional Neural Networks by Learning Temporal Transformations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15983.pdf)
>  In this paper we introduce the temporally factorized 3D convolution (3TConv) as an interpretable alternative to the regular 3D convolution (3DConv). In a 3TConv the 3D convolutional filter is obtained by learning a 2D filter and a set of temporal transformation parameters, resulting in a sparse filter where the 2D slices are sequentially dependent on each other in the temporal dimension. We demonstrate that 3TConv learns temporal transformations that afford a direct interpretation. The temporal parameters can be used in combination with various existing 2D visualization methods. We also show that insight about what the model learns can be achieved by analyzing the transformation parameter statistics on a layer and model level. Finally, we implicitly demonstrate that, in popular ConvNets, the 2DConv can be replaced with a 3TConv and that the weights can be transferred to yield pretrained 3TConvs. pretrained 3TConvnets leverage more than a decade of work on traditional 2DConvNets by being able to make use of features that have been proven to deliver excellent results on image classification benchmarks.      
### 18.Adversarial Multi-Source Transfer Learning in Healthcare: Application to Glucose Prediction for Diabetic People  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15940.pdf)
>  Deep learning has yet to revolutionize general practices in healthcare, despite promising results for some specific tasks. This is partly due to data being in insufficient quantities hurting the training of the models. To address this issue, data from multiple health actors or patients could be combined by capitalizing on their heterogeneity through the use of transfer learning. <br>To improve the quality of the transfer between multiple sources of data, we propose a multi-source adversarial transfer learning framework that enables the learning of a feature representation that is similar across the sources, and thus more general and more easily transferable. We apply this idea to glucose forecasting for diabetic people using a fully convolutional neural network. The evaluation is done by exploring various transfer scenarios with three datasets characterized by their high inter and intra variability. <br>While transferring knowledge is beneficial in general, we show that the statistical and clinical accuracies can be further improved by using of the adversarial training methodology, surpassing the current state-of-the-art results. In particular, it shines when using data from different datasets, or when there is too little data in an intra-dataset situation. To understand the behavior of the models, we analyze the learnt feature representations and propose a new metric in this regard. Contrary to a standard transfer, the adversarial transfer does not discriminate the patients and datasets, helping the learning of a more general feature representation. <br>The adversarial training framework improves the learning of a general feature representation in a multi-source environment, enhancing the knowledge transfer to an unseen target. <br>The proposed method can help improve the efficiency of data shared by different health actors in the training of deep models.      
### 19.Hybrid Tensor Decomposition in Neural Network Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15938.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have enabled impressive breakthroughs in various artificial intelligence (AI) applications recently due to its capability of learning high-level features from big data. However, the current demand of DNNs for computational resources especially the storage consumption is growing due to that the increasing sizes of models are being required for more and more complicated applications. To address this problem, several tensor decomposition methods including tensor-train (TT) and tensor-ring (TR) have been applied to compress DNNs and shown considerable compression effectiveness. In this work, we introduce the hierarchical Tucker (HT), a classical but rarely-used tensor decomposition method, to investigate its capability in neural network compression. We convert the weight matrices and convolutional kernels to both HT and TT formats for comparative study, since the latter is the most widely used decomposition method and the variant of HT. We further theoretically and experimentally discover that the HT format has better performance on compressing weight matrices, while the TT format is more suited for compressing convolutional kernels. Based on this phenomenon we propose a strategy of hybrid tensor decomposition by combining TT and HT together to compress convolutional and fully connected parts separately and attain better accuracy than only using the TT or HT format on convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Our work illuminates the prospects of hybrid tensor decomposition for neural network compression.      
### 20.Improving Few-Shot Learning using Composite Rotation based Auxiliary Task  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15919.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an approach to improve few-shot classification performance using a composite rotation based auxiliary task. Few-shot classification methods aim to produce neural networks that perform well for classes with a large number of training samples and classes with less number of training samples. They employ techniques to enable the network to produce highly discriminative features that are also very generic. Generally, the better the quality and generic-nature of the features produced by the network, the better is the performance of the network on few-shot learning. Our approach aims to train networks to produce such features by using a self-supervised auxiliary task. Our proposed composite rotation based auxiliary task performs rotation at two levels, i.e., rotation of patches inside the image (inner rotation) and rotation of the whole image (outer rotation) and assigns one out of 16 rotation classes to the modified image. We then simultaneously train for the composite rotation prediction task along with the original classification task, which forces the network to learn high-quality generic features that help improve the few-shot classification performance. We experimentally show that our approach performs better than existing few-shot learning methods on multiple benchmark datasets.      
### 21.Abnormal activity capture from passenger flow of elevator based on unsupervised learning and fine-grained multi-label recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15873.pdf)
>  We present a work-flow which aims at capturing residents' abnormal activities through the passenger flow of elevator in multi-storey residence buildings. Camera and sensors (hall sensor, photoelectric sensor, gyro, accelerometer, barometer, and thermometer) with internet connection are mounted in elevator to collect image and data. Computer vision algorithms such as instance segmentation, multi-label recognition, embedding and clustering are applied to generalize passenger flow of elevator, i.e. how many people and what kinds of people get in and out of the elevator on each floor. More specifically in our implementation we propose GraftNet, a solution for fine-grained multi-label recognition task, to recognize human attributes, e.g. gender, age, appearance, and occupation. Then anomaly detection of unsupervised learning is hierarchically applied on the passenger flow data to capture abnormal or even illegal activities of the residents which probably bring safety hazard, e.g. drug dealing, pyramid sale gathering, prostitution, and over crowded residence. Experiment shows effects are there, and the captured records will be directly reported to our customer(property managers) for further confirmation.      
### 22.A Benchmark dataset for both underwater image enhancement and underwater object detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15789.pdf)
>  Underwater image enhancement is such an important vision task due to its significance in marine engineering and aquatic robot. It is usually work as a pre-processing step to improve the performance of high level vision tasks such as underwater object detection. Even though many previous works show the underwater image enhancement algorithms can boost the detection accuracy of the detectors, no work specially focus on investigating the relationship between these two tasks. This is mainly because existing underwater datasets lack either bounding box annotations or high quality reference images, based on which detection accuracy or image quality assessment metrics are calculated. To investigate how the underwater image enhancement methods influence the following underwater object detection tasks, in this paper, we provide a large-scale underwater object detection dataset with both bounding box annotations and high quality reference images, namely OUC dataset. The OUC dataset provides a platform for researchers to comprehensive study the influence of underwater image enhancement algorithms on the underwater object detection task.      
### 23.Active Ensemble Deep Learning for Polarimetric Synthetic Aperture Radar Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15771.pdf)
>  Although deep learning has achieved great success in image classification tasks, its performance is subject to the quantity and quality of training samples. For classification of polarimetric synthetic aperture radar (PolSAR) images, it is nearly impossible to annotate the images from visual interpretation. Therefore, it is urgent for remote sensing scientists to develop new techniques for PolSAR image classification under the condition of very few training samples. In this letter, we take the advantage of active learning and propose active ensemble deep learning (AEDL) for PolSAR image classification. We first show that only 35\% of the predicted labels of a deep learning model's snapshots near its convergence were exactly the same. The disagreement between snapshots is non-negligible. From the perspective of multiview learning, the snapshots together serve as a good committee to evaluate the importance of unlabeled instances. Using the snapshots committee to give out the informativeness of unlabeled data, the proposed AEDL achieved better performance on two real PolSAR images compared with standard active learning strategies. It achieved the same classification accuracy with only 86% and 55% of the training samples compared with breaking ties active learning and random selection for the Flevoland dataset.      
### 24.EmotionNet Nano: An Efficient Deep Convolutional Neural Network Design for Real-time Facial Expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15759.pdf)
>  While recent advances in deep learning have led to significant improvements in facial expression classification (FEC), a major challenge that remains a bottleneck for the widespread deployment of such systems is their high architectural and computational complexities. This is especially challenging given the operational requirements of various FEC applications, such as safety, marketing, learning, and assistive living, where real-time requirements on low-cost embedded devices is desired. Motivated by this need for a compact, low latency, yet accurate system capable of performing FEC in real-time on low-cost embedded devices, this study proposes EmotionNet Nano, an efficient deep convolutional neural network created through a human-machine collaborative design strategy, where human experience is combined with machine meticulousness and speed in order to craft a deep neural network design catered towards real-time embedded usage. Two different variants of EmotionNet Nano are presented, each with a different trade-off between architectural and computational complexity and accuracy. Experimental results using the CK+ facial expression benchmark dataset demonstrate that the proposed EmotionNet Nano networks demonstrated accuracies comparable to state-of-the-art in FEC networks, while requiring significantly fewer parameters (e.g., 23$\times$ fewer at a higher accuracy). Furthermore, we demonstrate that the proposed EmotionNet Nano networks achieved real-time inference speeds (e.g. $&gt;25$ FPS and $&gt;70$ FPS at 15W and 30W, respectively) and high energy efficiency (e.g. $&gt;1.7$ images/sec/watt at 15W) on an ARM embedded processor, thus further illustrating the efficacy of EmotionNet Nano for deployment on embedded devices.      
### 25.Roweisposes, Including Eigenposes, Supervised Eigenposes, and Fisherposes, for 3D Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15736.pdf)
>  Human action recognition is one of the important fields of computer vision and machine learning. Although various methods have been proposed for 3D action recognition, some of which are basic and some use deep learning, the need of basic methods based on generalized eigenvalue problem is sensed for action recognition. This need is especially sensed because of having similar basic methods in the field of face recognition such as eigenfaces and Fisherfaces. In this paper, we propose Roweisposes which uses Roweis discriminant analysis for generalized subspace learning. This method includes Fisherposes, eigenposes, supervised eigenposes, and double supervised eigenposes as its special cases. Roweisposes is a family of infinite number of action recongition methods which learn a discriminative subspace for embedding the body poses. Experiments on the TST, UTKinect, and UCFKinect datasets verify the effectiveness of the proposed method for action recognition.      
### 26.Unsupervised Learning of Video Representations via Dense Trajectory Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15731.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the task of unsupervised learning of representations for action recognition in videos. Previous works proposed to utilize future prediction, or other domain-specific objectives to train a network, but achieved only limited success. In contrast, in the relevant field of image representation learning, simpler, discrimination-based methods have recently bridged the gap to fully-supervised performance. We first propose to adapt two top performing objectives in this class - instance recognition and local aggregation, to the video domain. In particular, the latter approach iterates between clustering the videos in the feature space of a network and updating it to respect the cluster with a non-parametric classification loss. We observe promising performance, but qualitative analysis shows that the learned representations fail to capture motion patterns, grouping the videos based on appearance. To mitigate this issue, we turn to the heuristic-based IDT descriptors, that were manually designed to encode motion patterns in videos. We form the clusters in the IDT space, using these descriptors as a an unsupervised prior in the iterative local aggregation algorithm. Our experiments demonstrates that this approach outperform prior work on UCF101 and HMDB51 action recognition benchmarks. We also qualitatively analyze the learned representations and show that they successfully capture video dynamics.      
### 27.Generalizable Cone Beam CT Esophagus Segmentation Using In Silico Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15713.pdf)
>  Lung cancer radiotherapy entails high quality planning computed tomography (pCT) imaging of the patient with radiation oncologist contouring of the tumor and the organs at risk (OARs) at the start of the treatment. This is followed by weekly low-quality cone beam CT (CBCT) imaging for treatment setup and qualitative visual assessment of tumor and critical OARs. In this work, we aim to make the weekly CBCT assessment quantitative by automatically segmenting the most critical OAR, esophagus, using deep learning and in silico (image-driven simulation) artifact induction to convert pCTs to pseudo-CBCTs (pCTs$+$artifacts). Specifically, for the in silico data augmentation, we make use of the critical insight that CT and CBCT have the same underlying physics and that it is easier to deteriorate the pCT to look more like CBCT (and use the accompanying high quality manual contours for segmentation) than to synthesize CT from CBCT where the critical anatomical information may have already been lost (which leads to anatomical hallucination with the prevalent generative adversarial networks for example). Given these pseudo-CBCTs and the high quality manual contours, we introduce a modified 3D-Unet architecture and a multi-objective loss function specifically designed for segmenting soft-tissue organs such as esophagus on real weekly CBCTs. The model achieved 0.74 dice overlap (against manual contours of an experienced radiation oncologist) on weekly CBCTs and was robust and generalizable enough to also produce state-of-the-art results on pCTs, achieving 0.77 dice overlap against the previous best of 0.72. This shows that our in silico data augmentation spans the realistic noise/artifact spectrum across patient CBCT/pCT data and can generalize well across modalities (without requiring retraining or domain adaptation), eventually improving the accuracy of treatment setup and response analysis.      
### 28.Harvesting, Detecting, and Characterizing Liver Lesions from Large-scale Multi-phase CT Data via Deep Dynamic Texture Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15691.pdf)
>  Effective and non-invasive radiological imaging based tumor/lesion characterization (e.g., subtype classification) has long been a major aim in the oncology diagnosis and treatment procedures, with the hope of reducing needs for invasive surgical biopsies. Prior work are generally very restricted to a limited patient sample size, especially using patient studies with confirmed pathological reports as ground truth. In this work, we curate a patient cohort of 1305 dynamic contrast CT studies (i.e., 5220 multi-phase 3D volumes) with pathology confirmed ground truth. A novel fully-automated and multi-stage liver tumor characterization framework is proposed, comprising four steps of tumor proposal detection, tumor harvesting, primary tumor site selection, and deep texture-based characterization. More specifically, (1) we propose a 3D non-isotropic anchor-free lesion detection method; (2) we present and validate the use of multi-phase deep texture learning for precise liver lesion tissue characterization, named spatially adaptive deep texture (SaDT); (3) we leverage small-sized public datasets to semi-automatically curate our large-scale clinical dataset of 1305 patients where four main liver tumor subtypes of primary, secondary, metastasized and benign are presented. Extensive evaluations demonstrate that our new data curation strategy, combined with the SaDT deep dynamic texture analysis, can effectively improve the mean F1 scores by &gt;8.6% compared with baselines, in differentiating four major liver lesion types. This is a significant step towards the clinical goal.      
### 29.Geometry-Inspired Top-k Adversarial Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15669.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art deep learning models are untrustworthy due to their vulnerability to adversarial examples. Intriguingly, besides simple adversarial perturbations, there exist Universal Adversarial Perturbations (UAPs), which are input-agnostic perturbations that lead to misclassification of majority inputs. The main target of existing adversarial examples (including UAPs) is to change primarily the correct Top-1 predicted class by the incorrect one, which does not guarantee changing the Top-k prediction. However, in many real-world scenarios, dealing with digital data, Top-k predictions are more important. We propose an effective geometry-inspired method of computing Top-k adversarial examples for any k. We evaluate its effectiveness and efficiency by comparing it with other adversarial example crafting techniques. Based on this method, we propose Top-k Universal Adversarial Perturbations, image-agnostic tiny perturbations that cause true class to be absent among the Top-k pre-diction. We experimentally show that our approach outperforms baseline methods and even improves existing techniques of generating UAPs.      
### 30.Video Representations of Goals Emerge from Watching Failure  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15657.pdf)
>  We introduce a video representation learning framework that models the latent goals behind observable human action. Motivated by how children learn to reason about goals and intentions by experiencing failure, we leverage unconstrained video of unintentional action to learn without direct supervision. Our approach models videos as contextual trajectories that represent both low-level motion and high-level action features. Experiments and visualizations show the model is able to predict underlying goals, detect when action switches from intentional to unintentional, and automatically correct unintentional action. Although the model is trained with minimal supervision, it is competitive with highly-supervised baselines, underscoring the role of failure examples for learning goal-oriented video representations. The project website is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://aha.cs.columbia.edu/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 31.Improving VQA and its Explanations \\ by Comparing Competing Explanations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15631.pdf)
>  Most recent state-of-the-art Visual Question Answering (VQA) systems are opaque black boxes that are only trained to fit the answer distribution given the question and visual content. As a result, these systems frequently take shortcuts, focusing on simple visual concepts or question priors. This phenomenon becomes more problematic as the questions become complex that requires more reasoning and commonsense knowledge. To address this issue, we present a novel framework that uses explanations for competing answers to help VQA systems select the correct answer. By training on human textual explanations, our framework builds better representations for the questions and visual content, and then reweights confidences in the answer candidates using either generated or retrieved explanations from the training set. We evaluate our framework on the VQA-X dataset, which has more difficult questions with human explanations, achieving new state-of-the-art results on both VQA and its explanations.      
### 32.Offline Handwritten Chinese Text Recognition with Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15619.pdf)
>  Deep learning based methods have been dominating the text recognition tasks in different and multilingual scenarios. The offline handwritten Chinese text recognition (HCTR) is one of the most challenging tasks because it involves thousands of characters, variant writing styles and complex data collection process. Recently, the recurrent-free architectures for text recognition appears to be competitive as its highly parallelism and comparable results. In this paper, we build the models using only the convolutional neural networks and use CTC as the loss function. To reduce the overfitting, we apply dropout after each max-pooling layer and with extreme high rate on the last one before the linear layer. The CASIA-HWDB database is selected to tune and evaluate the proposed models. With the existing text samples as templates, we randomly choose isolated character samples to synthesis more text samples for training. We finally achieve 6.81% character error rate (CER) on the ICDAR 2013 competition set, which is the best published result without language model correction.      
### 33.Analogical Image Translation for Fog Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15618.pdf)
>  Image-to-image translation is to map images from a given \emph{style} to another given \emph{style}. While exceptionally successful, current methods assume the availability of training images in both source and target domains, which does not always hold in practice. Inspired by humans' reasoning capability of analogy, we propose analogical image translation (AIT). Given images of two styles in the source domain: $\mathcal{A}$ and $\mathcal{A}^\prime$, along with images $\mathcal{B}$ of the first style in the target domain, learn a model to translate $\mathcal{B}$ to $\mathcal{B}^\prime$ in the target domain, such that $\mathcal{A}:\mathcal{A}^\prime ::\mathcal{B}:\mathcal{B}^\prime$. AIT is especially useful for translation scenarios in which training data of one style is hard to obtain but training data of the same two styles in another domain is available. For instance, in the case from normal conditions to extreme, rare conditions, obtaining real training images for the latter case is challenging but obtaining synthetic data for both cases is relatively easy. In this work, we are interested in adding adverse weather effects, more specifically fog effects, to images taken in clear weather. To circumvent the challenge of collecting real foggy images, AIT learns with synthetic clear-weather images, synthetic foggy images and real clear-weather images to add fog effects onto real clear-weather images without seeing any real foggy images during training. AIT achieves this zero-shot image translation capability by coupling a supervised training scheme in the synthetic domain, a cycle consistency strategy in the real domain, an adversarial training scheme between the two domains, and a novel network design. Experiments show the effectiveness of our method for zero-short image translation and its benefit for downstream tasks such as semantic foggy scene understanding.      
### 34.Shadow Removal by a Lightness-Guided Network with Training on Unpaired Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15617.pdf)
>  Shadow removal can significantly improve the image visual quality and has many applications in computer vision. Deep learning methods based on CNNs have become the most effective approach for shadow removal by training on either paired data, where both the shadow and underlying shadow-free versions of an image are known, or unpaired data, where shadow and shadow-free training images are totally different with no correspondence. In practice, CNN training on unpaired data is more preferred given the easiness of training data collection. In this paper, we present a new Lightness-Guided Shadow Removal Network (LG-ShadowNet) for shadow removal by training on unpaired data. In this method, we first train a CNN module to compensate for the lightness and then train a second CNN module with the guidance of lightness information from the first CNN module for final shadow removal. We also introduce a loss function to further utilise the colour prior of existing data. Extensive experiments on widely used ISTD, adjusted ISTD and USR datasets demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods with training on unpaired data.      
### 35.Localization Uncertainty Estimation for Anchor-Free Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15607.pdf)
>  Since many safety-critical systems such as surgical robots and autonomous driving cars are in unstable environments with sensor noise or incomplete data, it is desirable for object detectors to take the confidence of the localization prediction into account. Recent attempts to estimate localization uncertainty for object detection focus only anchor-based method that captures the uncertainty of different characteristics such as location (center point) and scale (width, height). Also, anchor-based methods need to adjust sensitive anchor-box settings. Therefore, we propose a new object detector called Gaussian-FCOS that estimates the localization uncertainty based on an anchor-free detector that captures the uncertainty of similar property with four directions of box offsets (left, right, top, bottom) and avoids the anchor tuning. For this purpose, we design a new loss function, uncertainty loss, to measure how uncertain the estimated object location is by modeling the uncertainty as a Gaussian distribution. Then, the detection score is calibrated through the estimated uncertainty. Experiments on challenging COCO datasets demonstrate that the proposed new loss function not only enables the network to estimate the uncertainty but produces a synergy effect with regression loss. In addition, our Gaussian-FCOS reduces false positives with the estimated localization uncertainty and finds more missing-objects, boosting both Average Precision (AP) and Recall (AR). We hope Gaussian-FCOS serve as a baseline for the reliability-required task.      
### 36.Multi-Person Pose Regression via Pose Filtering and Scoring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15576.pdf)
>  Multi-person pose estimation is one of the mainstream tasks of computer vision. Existing methods include the top-down methods which need additional human detector and the bottom-up methods which need to complete heuristic grouping after predicting all human keypoints. They all need to deal with the grouping and detection of keypoints separately, resulting in low efficiency. In this work, we propose an end-to-end network framework for multi-person pose regression to predict the instance-aware keypoints directly. This framework uses a cascaded manner: the first stage provides basic estimation. Then we propose the OKSFilter which is used to remove low-quality predictions, so that the second stage could focus on better results for further optimization. In addition, in order to quantify the quality of the predicted poses, we also propose the pose scoring module(PSM), so that when using non-maximum suppression(NMS) in the inference, the correct type and high-quality poses are preserved. We have verified on the COCO keypoint benchmark. The experiments show that our multi-person pose regression network is feasible and effective, and the two newly proposed modules are helpful to improve the performance of the model.      
### 37.MvMM-RegNet: A new image registration framework based on multivariate mixture model and neural network estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15573.pdf)
>  Current deep-learning-based registration algorithms often exploit intensity-based similarity measures as the loss function, where dense correspondence between a pair of moving and fixed images is optimized through backpropagation during training. However, intensity-based metrics can be misleading when the assumption of intensity class correspondence is violated, especially in cross-modality or contrast-enhanced images. Moreover, existing learning-based registration methods are predominantly applicable to pairwise registration and are rarely extended to groupwise registration or simultaneous registration with multiple images. In this paper, we propose a new image registration framework based on multivariate mixture model (MvMM) and neural network estimation. A generative model consolidating both appearance and anatomical information is established to derive a novel loss function capable of implementing groupwise registration. We highlight the versatility of the proposed framework for various applications on multimodal cardiac images, including single-atlas-based segmentation (SAS) via pairwise registration and multi-atlas segmentation (MAS) unified by groupwise registration. We evaluated performance on two publicly available datasets, i.e. MM-WHS-2017 and MS-CMRSeg-2019. The results show that the proposed framework achieved an average Dice score of $0.871\pm 0.025$ for whole-heart segmentation on MR images and $0.783\pm 0.082$ for myocardium segmentation on LGE MR images.      
### 38.Joint Hand-object 3D Reconstruction from a Single Image with Cross-branch Feature Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15561.pdf)
>  Accurate 3D reconstruction of the hand and object shape from a hand-object image is important for understanding human-object interaction as well as human daily activities. Different from bare hand pose estimation, hand-object interaction poses a strong constraint on both the hand and its manipulated object, which suggests that hand configuration may be crucial contextual information for the object, and vice versa. However, current approaches address this task by training a two-branch network to reconstruct the hand and object separately with little communication between the two branches. In this work, we propose to consider hand and object jointly in feature space and explore the reciprocity of the two branches. We extensively investigate cross-branch feature fusion architectures with MLP or LSTM units. Among the investigated architectures, a variant with LSTM units that enhances object feature with hand feature shows the best performance gain. Moreover, we employ an auxiliary depth estimation module to augment the input RGB image with the estimated depth map, which further improves the reconstruction accuracy. Experiments conducted on public datasets demonstrate that our approach significantly outperforms existing approaches in terms of the reconstruction accuracy of objects.      
### 39.Dynamic Sampling Networks for Efficient Action Recognition in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15560.pdf)
>  The existing action recognition methods are mainly based on clip-level classifiers such as two-stream CNNs or 3D CNNs, which are trained from the randomly selected clips and applied to densely sampled clips during testing. However, this standard setting might be suboptimal for training classifiers and also requires huge computational overhead when deployed in practice. To address these issues, we propose a new framework for action recognition in videos, called {\em Dynamic Sampling Networks} (DSN), by designing a dynamic sampling module to improve the discriminative power of learned clip-level classifiers and as well increase the inference efficiency during testing. Specifically, DSN is composed of a sampling module and a classification module, whose objective is to learn a sampling policy to on-the-fly select which clips to keep and train a clip-level classifier to perform action recognition based on these selected clips, respectively. In particular, given an input video, we train an observation network in an associative reinforcement learning setting to maximize the rewards of the selected clips with a correct prediction. We perform extensive experiments to study different aspects of the DSN framework on four action recognition datasets: UCF101, HMDB51, THUMOS14, and ActivityNet v1.3. The experimental results demonstrate that DSN is able to greatly improve the inference efficiency by only using less than half of the clips, which can still obtain a slightly better or comparable recognition accuracy to the state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 40.SAR Image Despeckling by Deep Neural Networks: from a pre-trained model to an end-to-end training strategy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15559.pdf)
>  Speckle reduction is a longstanding topic in synthetic aperture radar (SAR) images. Many different schemes have been proposed for the restoration of intensity SAR images. Among the different possible approaches, methods based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have recently shown to reach state-of-the-art performance for SAR image restoration. CNN training requires good training data: many pairs of speckle-free / speckle-corrupted images. This is an issue in SAR applications, given the inherent scarcity of speckle-free images. To handle this problem, this paper analyzes different strategies one can adopt, depending on the speckle removal task one wishes to perform and the availability of multitemporal stacks of SAR data. The first strategy applies a CNN model, trained to remove additive white Gaussian noise from natural images, to a recently proposed SAR speckle removal framework: MuLoG (MUlti-channel LOgarithm with Gaussian denoising). No training on SAR images is performed, the network is readily applied to speckle reduction tasks. The second strategy considers a novel approach to construct a reliable dataset of speckle-free SAR images necessary to train a CNN model. Finally, a hybrid approach is also analyzed: the CNN used to remove additive white Gaussian noise is trained on speckle-free SAR images. The proposed methods are compared to other state-of-the-art speckle removal filters, to evaluate the quality of denoising and to discuss the pros and cons of the different strategies. Along with the paper, we make available the weights of the trained network to allow its usage by other researchers.      
### 41.DHARI Report to EPIC-Kitchens 2020 Object Detection Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15553.pdf)
>  In this report, we describe the technical details of oursubmission to the EPIC-Kitchens Object Detection Challenge.Duck filling and mix-up techniques are firstly introduced to augment the data and significantly improve the robustness of the proposed method. Then we propose GRE-FPN and Hard IoU-imbalance Sampler methods to extract more representative global object features. To bridge the gap of category imbalance, Class Balance Sampling is utilized and greatly improves the test results. Besides, some training and testing strategies are also exploited, such as Stochastic Weight Averaging and multi-scale testing. Experimental results demonstrate that our approach can significantly improve the mean Average Precision (mAP) of object detection on both the seen and unseen test sets of EPICKitchens.      
### 42.Compositional Convolutional Neural Networks: A Robust and Interpretable Model for Object Recognition under Occlusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15538.pdf)
>  Computer vision systems in real-world applications need to be robust to partial occlusion while also being explainable. In this work, we show that black-box deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) have only limited robustness to partial occlusion. We overcome these limitations by unifying DCNNs with part-based models into Compositional Convolutional Neural Networks (CompositionalNets) - an interpretable deep architecture with innate robustness to partial occlusion. Specifically, we propose to replace the fully connected classification head of DCNNs with a differentiable compositional model that can be trained end-to-end. The structure of the compositional model enables CompositionalNets to decompose images into objects and context, as well as to further decompose object representations in terms of individual parts and the objects' pose. The generative nature of our compositional model enables it to localize occluders and to recognize objects based on their non-occluded parts. We conduct extensive experiments in terms of image classification and object detection on images of artificially occluded objects from the PASCAL3D+ and ImageNet dataset, and real images of partially occluded vehicles from the MS-COCO dataset. Our experiments show that CompositionalNets made from several popular DCNN backbones (VGG-16, ResNet50, ResNext) improve by a large margin over their non-compositional counterparts at classifying and detecting partially occluded objects. Furthermore, they can localize occluders accurately despite being trained with class-level supervision only. Finally, we demonstrate that CompositionalNets provide human interpretable predictions as their individual components can be understood as detecting parts and estimating an objects' viewpoint.      
### 43.DeepACC:Automate Chromosome Classification based on Metaphase Images using Deep Learning Framework Fused with Prior Knowledge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15528.pdf)
>  Chromosome classification is an important but difficult and tedious task in karyotyping. Previous methods only classify manually segmented single chromosome, which is far from clinical practice. In this work, we propose a detection based method, DeepACC, to locate and fine classify chromosomes simultaneously based on the whole metaphase image. We firstly introduce the Additive Angular Margin Loss to enhance the discriminative power of model. To alleviate batch effects, we transform decision boundary of each class case-by-case through a siamese network which make full use of prior knowledges that chromosomes usually appear in pairs. Furthermore, we take the clinically seven group criterion as a prior knowledge and design an additional Group Inner-Adjacency Loss to further reduce inter-class similarities. 3390 metaphase images from clinical laboratory are collected and labelled to evaluate the performance. Results show that the new design brings encouraging performance gains comparing to the state-of-the-art baselines.      
### 44.Few-Shot Class-Incremental Learning via Feature Space Composition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15524.pdf)
>  As a challenging problem in machine learning, few-shot class-incremental learning asynchronously learns a sequence of tasks, acquiring the new knowledge from new tasks (with limited new samples) while keeping the learned knowledge from previous tasks (with old samples discarded). In general, existing approaches resort to one unified feature space for balancing old-knowledge preserving and new-knowledge adaptation. With a limited embedding capacity of feature representation, the unified feature space often makes the learner suffer from semantic drift or overfitting as the number of tasks increases. With this motivation, we propose a novel few-shot class-incremental learning pipeline based on a composite representation space, which makes old-knowledge preserving and new-knowledge adaptation mutually compatible by feature space composition (enlarging the embedding capacity). The composite representation space is generated by integrating two space components (i.e. stable base knowledge space and dynamic lifelong-learning knowledge space) in terms of distance metric construction. With the composite feature space, our method performs remarkably well on the CUB200 and CIFAR100 datasets, outperforming the state-of-the-art algorithms by 10.58% and 14.65% respectively.      
### 45.Predictive and Generative Neural Networks for Object Functionality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15520.pdf)
>  Humans can predict the functionality of an object even without any surroundings, since their knowledge and experience would allow them to "hallucinate" the interaction or usage scenarios involving the object. We develop predictive and generative deep convolutional neural networks to replicate this feat. Specifically, our work focuses on functionalities of man-made 3D objects characterized by human-object or object-object interactions. Our networks are trained on a database of scene contexts, called interaction contexts, each consisting of a central object and one or more surrounding objects, that represent object functionalities. Given a 3D object in isolation, our functional similarity network (fSIM-NET), a variation of the triplet network, is trained to predict the functionality of the object by inferring functionality-revealing interaction contexts. fSIM-NET is complemented by a generative network (iGEN-NET) and a segmentation network (iSEG-NET). iGEN-NET takes a single voxelized 3D object with a functionality label and synthesizes a voxelized surround, i.e., the interaction context which visually demonstrates the corresponding functionality. iSEG-NET further separates the interacting objects into different groups according to their interaction types.      
### 46.2nd Place Solution for Waymo Open Dataset Challenge -- 2D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15507.pdf)
>  A practical autonomous driving system urges the need to reliably and accurately detect vehicles and persons. In this report, we introduce a state-of-the-art 2D object detection system for autonomous driving scenarios. Specifically, we integrate both popular two-stage detector and one-stage detector with anchor free fashion to yield a robust detection. Furthermore, we train multiple expert models and design a greedy version of the auto ensemble scheme that automatically merges detections from different models. Notably, our overall detection system achieves 70.28 L2 mAP on the Waymo Open Dataset v1.2, ranking the 2nd place in the 2D detection track of the Waymo Open Dataset Challenges.      
### 47.1st Place Solutions for Waymo Open Dataset Challenges -- 2D and 3D Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15506.pdf)
>  This technical report presents the online and real-time 2D and 3D multi-object tracking (MOT) algorithms that reached the 1st places on both Waymo Open Dataset 2D tracking and 3D tracking challenges. An efficient and pragmatic online tracking-by-detection framework named HorizonMOT is proposed for camera-based 2D tracking in the image space and LiDAR-based 3D tracking in the 3D world space. Within the tracking-by-detection paradigm, our trackers leverage our high-performing detectors used in the 2D/3D detection challenges and achieved 45.13% 2D MOTA/L2 and 63.45% 3D MOTA/L2 in the 2D/3D tracking challenges.      
### 48.1st Place Solution for Waymo Open Dataset Challenge -- 3D Detection and Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15505.pdf)
>  In this technical report, we introduce our winning solution "HorizonLiDAR3D" for the 3D detection track and the domain adaptation track in Waymo Open Dataset Challenge at CVPR 2020. Many existing 3D object detectors include prior-based anchor box design to account for different scales and aspect ratios and classes of objects, which limits its capability of generalization to a different dataset or domain and requires post-processing (e.g. Non-Maximum Suppression (NMS)). We proposed a one-stage, anchor-free and NMS-free 3D point cloud object detector AFDet, using object key-points to encode the 3D attributes, and to learn an end-to-end point cloud object detection without the need of hand-engineering or learning the anchors. AFDet serves as a strong baseline in our winning solution and significant improvements are made over this baseline during the challenges. Specifically, we design stronger networks and enhance the point cloud data using densification and point painting. To leverage camera information, we append/paint additional attributes to each point by projecting them to camera space and gathering image-based perception information. The final detection performance also benefits from model ensemble and Test-Time Augmentation (TTA) in both the 3D detection track and the domain adaptation track. Our solution achieves the 1st place with 77.11% mAPH/L2 and 69.49% mAPH/L2 respectively on the 3D detection track and the domain adaptation track.      
### 49.Video Representation Learning with Visual Tempo Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15489.pdf)
>  Visual tempo, which describes how fast an action goes, has shown its potential in supervised action recognition. In this work, we demonstrate that visual tempo can also serve as a self-supervision signal for video representation learning. We propose to maximize the mutual information between representations of slow and fast videos via hierarchical contrastive learning (VTHCL). Specifically, by sampling the same instance at slow and fast frame rates respectively, we can obtain slow and fast video frames which share the same semantics but contain different visual tempos. Video representations learned from VTHCL achieve the competitive performances under the self-supervision evaluation protocol for action recognition on UCF-101 (82.1\%) and HMDB-51 (49.2\%). Moreover, we show that the learned representations are also generalized well to other downstream tasks including action detection on AVA and action anticipation on Epic-Kitchen. Finally, our empirical analysis suggests that a more thorough evaluation protocol is needed to verify the effectiveness of the self-supervised video representations across network structures and downstream tasks.      
### 50.Bottom-Up Human Pose Estimation by Ranking Heatmap-Guided Adaptive Keypoint Estimates  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15480.pdf)
>  The typical bottom-up human pose estimation framework includes two stages, keypoint detection and grouping. Most existing works focus on developing grouping algorithms, e.g., associative embedding, and pixel-wise keypoint regression that we adopt in our approach. We present several schemes that are rarely or unthoroughly studied before for improving keypoint detection and grouping (keypoint regression) performance. First, we exploit the keypoint heatmaps for pixel-wise keypoint regression instead of separating them for improving keypoint regression. Second, we adopt a pixel-wise spatial transformer network to learn adaptive representations for handling the scale and orientation variance to further improve keypoint regression quality. Last, we present a joint shape and heatvalue scoring scheme to promote the estimated poses that are more likely to be true poses. Together with the tradeoff heatmap estimation loss for balancing the background and keypoint pixels and thus improving heatmap estimation quality, we get the state-of-the-art bottom-up human pose estimation result. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HRNet/HRNet-Bottom-up-Pose-Estimation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 51.Automated Stitching of Coral Reef Images and Extraction of Features for Damselfish Shoaling Behavior Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15478.pdf)
>  Behavior analysis of animals involves the observation of intraspecific and interspecific interactions among various organisms in the environment. Collective behavior such as herding in farm animals, flocking of birds, and shoaling and schooling of fish provide information on its benefits on collective survival, fitness, reproductive patterns, group decision-making, and effects in animal epidemiology. In marine ethology, the investigation of behavioral patterns in schooling species can provide supplemental information in the planning and management of marine resources. Currently, damselfish species, although prevalent in tropical waters, have no adequate established base behavior information. This limits reef managers in efficiently planning for stress and disaster responses in protecting the reef. Visual marine data captured in the wild are scarce and prone to multiple scene variations, primarily caused by motion and changes in the natural environment. The gathered videos of damselfish by this research exhibit several scene distortions caused by erratic camera motions during acquisition. To effectively analyze shoaling behavior given the issues posed by capturing data in the wild, we propose a pre-processing system that utilizes color correction and image stitching techniques and extracts behavior features for manual analysis.      
### 52.Frequency learning for image classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15476.pdf)
>  Machine learning applied to computer vision and signal processing is achieving results comparable to the human brain on specific tasks due to the great improvements brought by the deep neural networks (DNN). The majority of state-of-the-art architectures nowadays are DNN related, but only a few explore the frequency domain to extract useful information and improve the results, like in the image processing field. In this context, this paper presents a new approach for exploring the Fourier transform of the input images, which is composed of trainable frequency filters that boost discriminative components in the spectrum. Additionally, we propose a slicing procedure to allow the network to learn both global and local features from the frequency-domain representations of the image blocks. The proposed method proved to be competitive with respect to well-known DNN architectures in the selected experiments, with the advantage of being a simpler and lightweight model. This work also raises the discussion on how the state-of-the-art DNNs architectures can exploit not only spatial features, but also the frequency, in order to improve its performance when solving real world problems.      
### 53.Interpretable Deepfake Detection via Dynamic Prototypes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15473.pdf)
>  Deepfake is one notorious application of deep learning research, leading to massive amounts of video content on social media ridden with malicious intent. Therefore detecting deepfake videos has emerged as one of the most pressing challenges in AI research. Most state-of-the-art deepfake solutions are based on black-box models that process videos frame-by-frame for inference, and they do not consider temporal dynamics, which are key for detecting and explaining deepfake videos by humans. To this end, we propose Dynamic Prototype Network (DPNet) - a simple, interpretable, yet effective solution that leverages dynamic representations (i.e., prototypes) to explain deepfake visual dynamics. Experiment results show that the explanations of DPNet provide better overlap with the ground truth than state-of-the-art methods with comparable prediction performance. Furthermore, we formulate temporal logic specifications based on these prototypes to check the compliance of our model to desired temporal behaviors.      
### 54.AerialMPTNet: Multi-Pedestrian Tracking in Aerial Imagery Using Temporal and Graphical Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15457.pdf)
>  Multi-pedestrian tracking in aerial imagery has several applications such as large-scale event monitoring, disaster management, search-and-rescue missions, and as input into predictive crowd dynamic models. Due to the challenges such as the large number and the tiny size of the pedestrians (e.g., 4 x 4 pixels) with their similar appearances as well as different scales and atmospheric conditions of the images with their extremely low frame rates (e.g., 2 fps), current state-of-the-art algorithms including the deep learning-based ones are unable to perform well. In this paper, we propose AerialMPTNet, a novel approach for multi-pedestrian tracking in geo-referenced aerial imagery by fusing appearance features from a Siamese Neural Network, movement predictions from a Long Short-Term Memory, and pedestrian interconnections from a GraphCNN. In addition, to address the lack of diverse aerial pedestrian tracking datasets, we introduce the Aerial Multi-Pedestrian Tracking (AerialMPT) dataset consisting of 307 frames and 44,740 pedestrians annotated. We believe that AerialMPT is the largest and most diverse dataset to this date and will be released publicly. We evaluate AerialMPTNet on AerialMPT and KIT AIS, and benchmark with several state-of-the-art tracking methods. Results indicate that AerialMPTNet significantly outperforms other methods on accuracy and time-efficiency.      
### 55.On the generalization of learning-based 3D reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15427.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art learning-based monocular 3D reconstruction methods learn priors over object categories on the training set, and as a result struggle to achieve reasonable generalization to object categories unseen during training. In this paper we study the inductive biases encoded in the model architecture that impact the generalization of learning-based 3D reconstruction methods. We find that 3 inductive biases impact performance: the spatial extent of the encoder, the use of the underlying geometry of the scene to describe point features, and the mechanism to aggregate information from multiple views. Additionally, we propose mechanisms to enforce those inductive biases: a point representation that is aware of camera position, and a variance cost to aggregate information across views. Our model achieves state-of-the-art results on the standard ShapeNet 3D reconstruction benchmark in various settings.      
### 56.Counting Out Time: Class Agnostic Video Repetition Counting in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15418.pdf)
>  We present an approach for estimating the period with which an action is repeated in a video. The crux of the approach lies in constraining the period prediction module to use temporal self-similarity as an intermediate representation bottleneck that allows generalization to unseen repetitions in videos in the wild. We train this model, called Repnet, with a synthetic dataset that is generated from a large unlabeled video collection by sampling short clips of varying lengths and repeating them with different periods and counts. This combination of synthetic data and a powerful yet constrained model, allows us to predict periods in a class-agnostic fashion. Our model substantially exceeds the state of the art performance on existing periodicity (PERTUBE) and repetition counting (QUVA) benchmarks. We also collect a new challenging dataset called Countix (~90 times larger than existing datasets) which captures the challenges of repetition counting in real-world videos. Project webpage: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/repnet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 57.Improving Interpretability of CNN Models Using Non-Negative Concept Activation Vectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15417.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural network (CNN) models for computer vision are powerful but lack explainability in their most basic form. This deficiency remains a key challenge when applying CNNs in important domains. Recent work for explanations through feature importance of approximate linear models has moved from input-level features (pixels or segments) to features from mid-layer feature maps in the guise of concept activation vectors (CAVs). CAVs contain concept-level information and could be learnt via Clustering. In this work, we rethink the ACE algorithm of Ghorbani et~al., proposing an alternative concept-based explanation framework. Based on the requirements of fidelity (approximate models) and interpretability (being meaningful to people), we design measurements and evaluate a range of dimensionality reduction methods for alignment with our framework. We find that non-negative concept activation vectors from non-negative matrix factorization provide superior performance in interpretability and fidelity based on computational and human subject experiments. Our framework provides both local and global concept-level explanations for pre-trained CNN models.      
### 58.Deep Sea Robotic Imaging Simulator for UUV Development  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15398.pdf)
>  Nowadays underwater vision systems are being widely applied in ocean research. However, the largest portion of the ocean - the deep sea - still remains mostly unexplored. Only relatively few images sets have been taken from the deep sea due to the physical limitations caused by technical challenges and enormous costs. The shortage of deep sea images and the corresponding ground truth data for evaluation and training is becoming a bottleneck for the development of underwater computer vision methods. Thus this paper presents a physical model-based image simulation solution which uses in-air and depth information as inputs to generate underwater images for robotics in deep ocean scenarios. Compared to shallow water conditions, active lighting is required to illuminate the scene in deep sea. Our radiometric image formation model considers both attenuation and scattering effects with co-moving light sources in the dark. Additionally, we also incorporate geometric distortion (refraction), which is caused by thick glass housings commonly employed in deep sea conditions. By detailed analysis and evaluation of the underwater image formation model, we propose a 3D lookup table structure in combination with a novel rendering strategy to improve simulation performance, which enables us to integrate and implement interactive deep sea robotic vision simulation in the Gazebo-based Unmanned Underwater Vehicles simulator.      
### 59.Light Pose Calibration for Camera-light Vision Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15389.pdf)
>  Illuminating a scene with artificial light is a prerequisite for seeing in dark environments. However, nonuniform and dynamic illumination can deteriorate or even break computer vision approaches, for instance when operating a robot with headlights in the darkness. This paper presents a novel light calibration approach by taking multi-view and -distance images of a reference plane in order to provide pose information of the employed light sources to the computer vision system. By following a physical light propagation approach, under consideration of energy preservation, the estimation of light poses is solved by minimizing of the differences between real and rendered pixel intensities. During the evaluation we show the robustness and consistency of this method by statistically analyzing the light pose estimation results with different setups. Although the results are demonstrated using a rotationally-symmetric non-isotropic light, the method is suited also for non-symmetric lights.      
### 60.MTStereo 2.0: improved accuracy of stereo depth estimation withMax-trees  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15373.pdf)
>  Efficient yet accurate extraction of depth from stereo image pairs is required by systems with low power resources, such as robotics and embedded systems. State-of-the-art stereo matching methods based on convolutional neural networks require intensive computations on GPUs and are difficult to deploy on embedded systems. In this paper, we propose a stereo matching method, called MTStereo 2.0, for limited-resource systems that require efficient and accurate depth estimation. It is based on a Max-tree hierarchical representation of image pairs, which we use to identify matching regions along image scan-lines. The method includes a cost function that considers similarity of region contextual information based on the Max-trees and a disparity border preserving cost aggregation approach. MTStereo 2.0 improves on its predecessor MTStereo 1.0 as it a) deploys a more robust cost function, b) performs more thorough detection of incorrect matches, c) computes disparity maps with pixel-level rather than node-level precision. MTStereo provides accurate sparse and semi-dense depth estimation and does not require intensive GPU computations like methods based on CNNs. Thus it can run on embedded and robotics devices with low-power requirements. We tested the proposed approach on several benchmark data sets, namely KITTI 2015, Driving, FlyingThings3D, Middlebury 2014, Monkaa and the TrimBot2020 garden data sets, and achieved competitive accuracy and efficiency. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rbrandt1/MaxTreeS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 61.ReMarNet: Conjoint Relation and Margin Learning for Small-Sample Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15366.pdf)
>  Despite achieving state-of-the-art performance, deep learning methods generally require a large amount of labeled data during training and may suffer from overfitting when the sample size is small. To ensure good generalizability of deep networks under small sample sizes, learning discriminative features is crucial. To this end, several loss functions have been proposed to encourage large intra-class compactness and inter-class separability. In this paper, we propose to enhance the discriminative power of features from a new perspective by introducing a novel neural network termed Relation-and-Margin learning Network (ReMarNet). Our method assembles two networks of different backbones so as to learn the features that can perform excellently in both of the aforementioned two classification mechanisms. Specifically, a relation network is used to learn the features that can support classification based on the similarity between a sample and a class prototype; at the meantime, a fully connected network with the cross entropy loss is used for classification via the decision boundary. Experiments on four image datasets demonstrate that our approach is effective in learning discriminative features from a small set of labeled samples and achieves competitive performance against state-of-the-art methods. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/liyunyu08/ReMarNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 62.An Evoked Potential-Guided Deep Learning Brain Representation For Visual Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15357.pdf)
>  The new perspective in visual classification aims to decode the feature representation of visual objects from human brain activities. Recording electroencephalogram (EEG) from the brain cortex has been seen as a prevalent approach to understand the cognition process of an image classification task. In this study, we proposed a deep learning framework guided by the visual evoked potentials, called the Event-Related Potential (ERP)-Long short-term memory (LSTM) framework, extracted by EEG signals for visual classification. In specific, we first extracted the ERP sequences from multiple EEG channels to response image stimuli-related information. Then, we trained an LSTM network to learn the feature representation space of visual objects for classification. In the experiment, 10 subjects were recorded by over 50,000 EEG trials from an image dataset with 6 categories, including a total of 72 exemplars. Our results showed that our proposed ERP-LSTM framework could achieve classification accuracies of cross-subject of 66.81% and 27.08% for categories (6 classes) and exemplars (72 classes), respectively. Our results outperformed that of using the existing visual classification frameworks, by improving classification accuracies in the range of 12.62% - 53.99%. Our findings suggested that decoding visual evoked potentials from EEG signals is an effective strategy to learn discriminative brain representations for visual classification.      
### 63.PCLNet: A Practical Way for Unsupervised Deep PolSAR Representations and Few-Shot Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15351.pdf)
>  Deep learning and convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have made progress in polarimetric synthetic aperture radar (PolSAR) image classification over the past few years. However, a crucial issue has not been addressed, i.e., the requirement of CNNs for abundant labeled samples versus the insufficient human annotations of PolSAR images. It is well-known that following the supervised learning paradigm may lead to the overfitting of training data, and the lack of supervision information of PolSAR images undoubtedly aggravates this problem, which greatly affects the generalization performance of CNN-based classifiers in large-scale applications. To handle this problem, in this paper, learning transferrable representations from unlabeled PolSAR data through convolutional architectures is explored for the first time. Specifically, a PolSAR-tailored contrastive learning network (PCLNet) is proposed for unsupervised deep PolSAR representation learning and few-shot classification. Different from the utilization of optical processing methods, a diversity stimulation mechanism is constructed to narrow the application gap between optics and PolSAR. Beyond the conventional supervised methods, PCLNet develops an auxiliary pre-training phase based on the proxy objective of contrastive instance discrimination to learn useful representations from unlabeled PolSAR data. The acquired representations are transferred to the downstream task, i.e., few-shot PolSAR classification. Experiments on two widely used PolSAR benchmark datasets confirm the validity of PCLNet. Besides, this work may enlighten how to efficiently utilize the massive unlabeled PolSAR data to alleviate the greedy demands of CNN-based methods for human annotations.      
### 64.MiniNet: An extremely lightweight convolutional neural network for real-time unsupervised monocular depth estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15350.pdf)
>  Predicting depth from a single image is an attractive research topic since it provides one more dimension of information to enable machines to better perceive the world. Recently, deep learning has emerged as an effective approach to monocular depth estimation. As obtaining labeled data is costly, there is a recent trend to move from supervised learning to unsupervised learning to obtain monocular depth. However, most unsupervised learning methods capable of achieving high depth prediction accuracy will require a deep network architecture which will be too heavy and complex to run on embedded devices with limited storage and memory spaces. To address this issue, we propose a new powerful network with a recurrent module to achieve the capability of a deep network while at the same time maintaining an extremely lightweight size for real-time high performance unsupervised monocular depth prediction from video sequences. Besides, a novel efficient upsample block is proposed to fuse the features from the associated encoder layer and recover the spatial size of features with the small number of model parameters. We validate the effectiveness of our approach via extensive experiments on the KITTI dataset. Our new model can run at a speed of about 110 frames per second (fps) on a single GPU, 37 fps on a single CPU, and 2 fps on a Raspberry Pi 3. Moreover, it achieves higher depth accuracy with nearly 33 times fewer model parameters than state-of-the-art models. To the best of our knowledge, this work is the first extremely lightweight neural network trained on monocular video sequences for real-time unsupervised monocular depth estimation, which opens up the possibility of implementing deep learning-based real-time unsupervised monocular depth prediction on low-cost embedded devices.      
### 65.Compositional Video Synthesis with Action Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15327.pdf)
>  Videos of actions are complex spatio-temporal signals, containing rich compositional structures. Current generative models are limited in their ability to generate examples of object configurations outside the range they were trained on. Towards this end, we introduce a generative model (AG2Vid) based on Action Graphs, a natural and convenient structure that represents the dynamics of actions between objects over time. Our AG2Vid model disentangles appearance and position features, allowing for more accurate generation. AG2Vid is evaluated on the CATER and Something-Something datasets and outperforms other baselines. Finally, we show how Action Graphs can be used for generating novel compositions of unseen actions.      
### 66.Interactive Deep Refinement Network for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15320.pdf)
>  Deep learning techniques have successfully been employed in numerous computer vision tasks including image segmentation. The techniques have also been applied to medical image segmentation, one of the most critical tasks in computer-aided diagnosis. Compared with natural images, the medical image is a gray-scale image with low-contrast (even with some invisible parts). Because some organs have similar intensity and texture with neighboring organs, there is usually a need to refine automatic segmentation results. In this paper, we propose an interactive deep refinement framework to improve the traditional semantic segmentation networks such as U-Net and fully convolutional network. In the proposed framework, we added a refinement network to traditional segmentation network to refine the segmentation results.Experimental results with public dataset revealed that the proposed method could achieve higher accuracy than other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 67.Making DensePose fast and light  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15190.pdf)
>  DensePose estimation task is a significant step forward for enhancing user experience computer vision applications ranging from augmented reality to cloth fitting. Existing neural network models capable of solving this task are heavily parameterized and a long way from being transferred to an embedded or mobile device. To enable Dense Pose inference on the end device with current models, one needs to support an expensive server-side infrastructure and have a stable internet connection. To make things worse, mobile and embedded devices do not always have a powerful GPU inside. In this work, we target the problem of redesigning the DensePose R-CNN model's architecture so that the final network retains most of its accuracy but becomes more light-weight and fast. To achieve that, we tested and incorporated many deep learning innovations from recent years, specifically performing an ablation study on 23 efficient backbone architectures, multiple two-stage detection pipeline modifications, and custom model quantization methods. As a result, we achieved $17\times$ model size reduction and $2\times$ latency improvement compared to the baseline model.      
### 68.Region-of-interest guided Supervoxel Inpainting for Self-supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15186.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning has proven to be invaluable in making best use of all of the available data in biomedical image segmentation. One particularly simple and effective mechanism to achieve self-supervision is inpainting, the task of predicting arbitrary missing areas based on the rest of an image. In this work, we focus on image inpainting as the self-supervised proxy task, and propose two novel structural changes to further enhance the performance of a deep neural network. We guide the process of generating images to inpaint by using supervoxel-based masking instead of random masking, and also by focusing on the area to be segmented in the primary task, which we term as the region-of-interest. We postulate that these additions force the network to learn semantics that are more attuned to the primary task, and test our hypotheses on two applications: brain tumour and white matter hyperintensities segmentation. We empirically show that our proposed approach consistently outperforms both supervised CNNs, without any self-supervision, and conventional inpainting-based self-supervision methods on both large and small training set sizes.      
### 69.Bookworm continual learning: beyond zero-shot learning and continual learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15176.pdf)
>  We propose bookworm continual learning(BCL), a flexible setting where unseen classes can be inferred via a semantic model, and the visual model can be updated continually. Thus BCL generalizes both continual learning (CL) and zero-shot learning (ZSL). We also propose the bidirectional imagination (BImag) framework to address BCL where features of both past and future classes are generated. We observe that conditioning the feature generator on attributes can actually harm the continual learning ability, and propose two variants (joint class-attribute conditioning and asymmetric generation) to alleviate this problem.      
### 70.Large Deformation Diffeomorphic Image Registration with Laplacian Pyramid Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16148.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based methods have recently demonstrated promising results in deformable image registration for a wide range of medical image analysis tasks. However, existing deep learning-based methods are usually limited to small deformation settings, and desirable properties of the transformation including bijective mapping and topology preservation are often being ignored by these approaches. In this paper, we propose a deep Laplacian Pyramid Image Registration Network, which can solve the image registration optimization problem in a coarse-to-fine fashion within the space of diffeomorphic maps. Extensive quantitative and qualitative evaluations on two MR brain scan datasets show that our method outperforms the existing methods by a significant margin while maintaining desirable diffeomorphic properties and promising registration speed.      
### 71.Shape from Projections via Differentiable Forward Projector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16120.pdf)
>  In tomography, forward projection of 3D meshes has been mostly studied to simulate data acquisition. However, such works did not consider an inverse process of estimating shapes from projections. In this paper, we propose a differentiable forward projector for 3D meshes, to bridge the gap between the forward model for 3D surfaces and optimization. We view the forward projection as a rendering process, and make it differentiable by extending a recent work in differentiable rasterization. We use the proposed forward projector to reconstruct 3D shapes directly from projections. Experimental results for single-object problems show that our method outperforms the traditional voxel-based methods on noisy simulated data. We also apply our method on real data from electron tomography to estimate the shapes of some nanoparticles.      
### 72.COVID-19 detection using Residual Attention Network an Artificial Intelligence approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16106.pdf)
>  Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) is caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 virus (SARS-CoV-2). The virus transmits rapidly, it has a basic reproductive number ($R_0$) of $2.2-2.7$. In March, 2020 the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a pandemic. Effective testing for COVID-19 is crucial to controlling the outbreak since infected patients can be quarantined. But the demand for testing outstrips the availability of test kits that use Reverse Transcription Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-PCR). In this paper, we present a technique to detect COVID-19 using Artificial Intelligence. Our technique takes only a few seconds to detect the presence of the virus in a patient. We collected a dataset of chest X-ray images and trained several popular deep convolution neural network-based models (VGG, MobileNet, Xception, DenseNet, InceptionResNet) to classify chest X-rays. Unsatisfied with these models we then designed and built a Residual Attention Network that was able to detect COVID-19 with a testing accuracy of 98\% and a validation accuracy of 100\%. Feature maps of our model show which areas within a chest X-ray are important for classification. Our work can help to increase the adaptation of AI-assisted applications in clinical practice.      
### 73.Interpretable Deep Learning for Pattern Recognition in Brain Differences Between Men and Women  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15969.pdf)
>  Deep learning shows high potential for many medical image analysis tasks. Neural networks work with full-size data without extensive preprocessing and feature generation and, thus, information loss. Recent work has shown that morphological difference between specific brain regions can be found on MRI with deep learning techniques. We consider the pattern recognition task based on a large open-access dataset of healthy subjects - an exploration of brain differences between men and women. However, interpretation of the lately proposed models is based on a region of interest and can not be extended to pixel or voxel-wise image interpretation, which is considered to be more informative. In this paper, we confirm the previous findings in sex differences from diffusion-tensor imaging on T1 weighted brain MRI scans. We compare the results of three voxel-based 3D CNN interpretation methods: Meaningful Perturbations, GradCam and Guided Backpropagation and provide the open-source code.      
### 74.Multi-level colonoscopy malignant tissue detection with adversarial CAC-UNet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15954.pdf)
>  The automatic and objective medical diagnostic model can be valuable to achieve early cancer detection, and thus reducing the mortality rate. In this paper, we propose a highly efficient multi-level malignant tissue detection through the designed adversarial CAC-UNet. A patch-level model with a pre-prediction strategy and a malignancy area guided label smoothing is adopted to remove the negative WSIs, with which to lower the risk of false positive detection. For the selected key patches by multi-model ensemble, an adversarial context-aware and appearance consistency UNet (CAC-UNet) is designed to achieve robust segmentation. In CAC-UNet, mirror designed discriminators are able to seamlessly fuse the whole feature maps of the skillfully designed powerful backbone network without any information loss. Besides, a mask prior is further added to guide the accurate segmentation mask prediction through an extra mask-domain discriminator. The proposed scheme achieves the best results in MICCAI DigestPath2019 challenge on colonoscopy tissue segmentation and classification task. The full implementation details and the trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Raykoooo/CAC-UNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 75.Interpreting and Disentangling Feature Components of Various Complexity from DNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15920.pdf)
>  This paper aims to define, quantify, and analyze the feature complexity that is learned by a DNN. We propose a generic definition for the feature complexity. Given the feature of a certain layer in the DNN, our method disentangles feature components of different complexity orders from the feature. We further design a set of metrics to evaluate the reliability, the effectiveness, and the significance of over-fitting of these feature components. Furthermore, we successfully discover a close relationship between the feature complexity and the performance of DNNs. As a generic mathematical tool, the feature complexity and the proposed metrics can also be used to analyze the success of network compression and knowledge distillation.      
### 76.OpenDVC: An Open Source Implementation of the DVC Video Compression Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15862.pdf)
>  We introduce an open source Tensorflow implementation of the Deep Video Compression (DVC) method in this technical report. DVC is the first end-to-end optimized learned video compression method, achieving better MS-SSIM performance than the Low-Delay P (LDP) very fast setting of x265 and comparable PSNR performance with x265 (LDP very fast). At the time of writing this report, several learned video compression methods are superior to DVC, but currently none of them provides open source codes. We hope that our OpenDVC codes are able to provide a useful model for further development, and facilitate future researches on learned video compression. Different from the original DVC, which is only optimized for PSNR, we release not only the PSNR-optimized re-implementation, denoted by OpenDVC (PSNR), but also the MS-SSIM-optimized model OpenDVC (MS-SSIM). Our OpenDVC (MS-SSIM) model provides a more convincing baseline for MS-SSIM optimized methods, which can only compare with the PSNR optimized DVC in the past. The OpenDVC source codes and pre-trained models are publicly released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/RenYang-home/OpenDVC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 77.End-to-End Differentiable Learning to HDR Image Synthesis for Multi-exposure Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15833.pdf)
>  Recent deep learning-based methods have reconstructed a high dynamic range (HDR) image from a single low dynamic range (LDR) image by focusing on the exposure transfer task to reconstruct the multi-exposure stack. However, these methods often fail to fuse the multi-exposure stack into a perceptually pleasant HDR image as the local inversion artifacts are formed in the HDR imaging (HDRI) process. The artifacts arise from the impossibility of learning the whole HDRI process due to its non-differentiable structure of the camera response recovery. Therefore, we tackle the major challenge in stack reconstruction-based methods by proposing a novel framework with the fully differentiable HDRI process. Our framework enables a neural network to train the HDR image generation based on the end-to-end structure. Hence, a deep neural network can train the precise correlations between multi-exposure images in the HDRI process using our differentiable HDR synthesis layer. In addition, our network uses the image decomposition and the recursive process to facilitate the exposure transfer task and to adaptively respond to recursion frequency. The experimental results show that the proposed network outperforms the state-of-the-art quatitative and qualitative results in terms of both the exposure transfer tasks and the whole HDRI process.      
### 78.Confidence-rich grid mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15754.pdf)
>  Representing the environment is a fundamental task in enabling robots to act autonomously in unknown environments. In this work, we present confidence-rich mapping (CRM), a new algorithm for spatial grid-based mapping of the 3D environment. CRM augments the occupancy level at each voxel by its confidence value. By explicitly storing and evolving confidence values using the CRM filter, CRM extends traditional grid mapping in three ways: first, it partially maintains the probabilistic dependence among voxels. Second, it relaxes the need for hand-engineering an inverse sensor model and proposes the concept of sensor cause model that can be derived in a principled manner from the forward sensor model. Third, and most importantly, it provides consistent confidence values over the occupancy estimation that can be reliably used in collision risk evaluation and motion planning. CRM runs online and enables mapping environments where voxels might be partially occupied. We demonstrate the performance of the method on various datasets and environments in simulation and on physical systems. We show in real-world experiments that, in addition to achieving maps that are more accurate than traditional methods, the proposed filtering scheme demonstrates a much higher level of consistency between its error and the reported confidence, hence, enabling a more reliable collision risk evaluation for motion planning.      
### 79.Motion Pyramid Networks for Accurate and Efficient Cardiac Motion Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15710.pdf)
>  Cardiac motion estimation plays a key role in MRI cardiac feature tracking and function assessment such as myocardium strain. In this paper, we propose Motion Pyramid Networks, a novel deep learning-based approach for accurate and efficient cardiac motion estimation. We predict and fuse a pyramid of motion fields from multiple scales of feature representations to generate a more refined motion field. We then use a novel cyclic teacher-student training strategy to make the inference end-to-end and further improve the tracking performance. Our teacher model provides more accurate motion estimation as supervision through progressive motion compensations. Our student model learns from the teacher model to estimate motion in a single step while maintaining accuracy. The teacher-student knowledge distillation is performed in a cyclic way for a further performance boost. Our proposed method outperforms a strong baseline model on two public available clinical datasets significantly, evaluated by a variety of metrics and the inference time. New evaluation metrics are also proposed to represent errors in a clinically meaningful manner.      
### 80.MIMC-VINS: A Versatile and Resilient Multi-IMU Multi-Camera Visual-Inertial Navigation System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15699.pdf)
>  As cameras and inertial sensors are becoming ubiquitous in mobile devices and robots, it holds great potential to design visual-inertial navigation systems (VINS) for efficient versatile 3D motion tracking which utilize any (multiple) available cameras and inertial measurement units (IMUs) and are resilient to sensor failures or measurement depletion. To this end, rather than the standard VINS paradigm using a minimal sensing suite of a single camera and IMU, in this paper we design a real-time consistent multi-IMU multi-camera (MIMC)-VINS estimator that is able to seamlessly fuse multi-modal information from an arbitrary number of uncalibrated cameras and IMUs. Within an efficient multi-state constraint Kalman filter (MSCKF) framework, the proposed MIMC-VINS algorithm optimally fuses asynchronous measurements from all sensors, while providing smooth, uninterrupted, and accurate 3D motion tracking even if some sensors fail. The key idea of the proposed MIMC-VINS is to perform high-order on-manifold state interpolation to efficiently process all available visual measurements without increasing the computational burden due to estimating additional sensors' poses at asynchronous imaging times. In order to fuse the information from multiple IMUs, we propagate a joint system consisting of all IMU states while enforcing rigid-body constraints between the IMUs during the filter update stage. Lastly, we estimate online both spatiotemporal extrinsic and visual intrinsic parameters to make our system robust to errors in prior sensor calibration. The proposed system is extensively validated in both Monte-Carlo simulations and real-world experiments.      
### 81.Simulation of Brain Resection for Cavity Segmentation Using Self-Supervised and Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15693.pdf)
>  Resective surgery may be curative for drug-resistant focal epilepsy, but only 40% to 70% of patients achieve seizure freedom after surgery. Retrospective quantitative analysis could elucidate patterns in resected structures and patient outcomes to improve resective surgery. However, the resection cavity must first be segmented on the postoperative MR image. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are the state-of-the-art image segmentation technique, but require large amounts of annotated data for training. Annotation of medical images is a time-consuming process requiring highly-trained raters, and often suffering from high inter-rater variability. Self-supervised learning can be used to generate training instances from unlabeled data. We developed an algorithm to simulate resections on preoperative MR images. We curated a new dataset, EPISURG, comprising 431 postoperative and 269 preoperative MR images from 431 patients who underwent resective surgery. In addition to EPISURG, we used three public datasets comprising 1813 preoperative MR images for training. We trained a 3D CNN on artificially resected images created on the fly during training, using images from 1) EPISURG, 2) public datasets and 3) both. To evaluate trained models, we calculate Dice score (DSC) between model segmentations and 200 manual annotations performed by three human raters. The model trained on data with manual annotations obtained a median (interquartile range) DSC of 65.3 (30.6). The DSC of our best-performing model, trained with no manual annotations, is 81.7 (14.2). For comparison, inter-rater agreement between human annotators was 84.0 (9.9). We demonstrate a training method for CNNs using simulated resection cavities that can accurately segment real resection cavities, without manual annotations.      
### 82.A lateral semicircular canal segmentation based geometric calibration for human temporal bone CT Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15588.pdf)
>  Computed Tomography (CT) of the temporal bone has become an important method for diagnosing ear diseases. Due to the different posture of the subject and the settings of CT scanners, the CT image of the human temporal bone should be geometrically calibrated to ensure the symmetry of the bilateral anatomical structure. Manual calibration is a time-consuming task for radiologists and an important pre-processing step for further computer-aided CT analysis. We propose an automatic calibration algorithm for temporal bone CT images. The lateral semicircular canals (LSCs) are segmented as anchors at first. Then, we define a standard 3D coordinate system. The key step is the LSC segmentation. We design a novel 3D LSC segmentation encoder-decoder network, which introduces a 3D dilated convolution and a multi-pooling scheme for feature fusion in the encoding stage. The experimental results show that our LSC segmentation network achieved a higher segmentation accuracy. Our proposed method can help to perform calibration of temporal bone CT images efficiently.      
### 83.Fabric Image Representation Encoding Networks for Large-scale 3D Medical Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15578.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are parameterised by weights that encode feature representations, whose performance is dictated through generalisation by using large-scale feature-rich datasets. The lack of large-scale labelled 3D medical imaging datasets restrict constructing such generalised networks. In this work, a novel 3D segmentation network, Fabric Image Representation Networks (FIRENet), is proposed to extract and encode generalisable feature representations from multiple medical image datasets in a large-scale manner. FIRENet learns image specific feature representations by way of 3D fabric network architecture that contains exponential number of sub-architectures to handle various protocols and coverage of anatomical regions and structures. The fabric network uses Atrous Spatial Pyramid Pooling (ASPP) extended to 3D to extract local and image-level features at a fine selection of scales. The fabric is constructed with weighted edges allowing the learnt features to dynamically adapt to the training data at an architecture level. Conditional padding modules, which are integrated into the network to reinsert voxels discarded by feature pooling, allow the network to inherently process different-size images at their original resolutions. FIRENet was trained for feature learning via automated semantic segmentation of pelvic structures and obtained a state-of-the-art median DSC score of 0.867. FIRENet was also simultaneously trained on MR (Magnatic Resonance) images acquired from 3D examinations of musculoskeletal elements in the (hip, knee, shoulder) joints and a public OAI knee dataset to perform automated segmentation of bone across anatomy. Transfer learning was used to show that the features learnt through the pelvic segmentation helped achieve improved mean DSC scores of 0.962, 0.963, 0.945 and 0.986 for automated segmentation of bone across datasets.      
### 84.When and How Can Deep Generative Models be Inverted?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15555.pdf)
>  Deep generative models (e.g. GANs and VAEs) have been developed quite extensively in recent years. Lately, there has been an increased interest in the inversion of such a model, i.e. given a (possibly corrupted) signal, we wish to recover the latent vector that generated it. Building upon sparse representation theory, we define conditions that are applicable to any inversion algorithm (gradient descent, deep encoder, etc.), under which such generative models are invertible with a unique solution. Importantly, the proposed analysis is applicable to any trained model, and does not depend on Gaussian i.i.d. weights. Furthermore, we introduce two layer-wise inversion pursuit algorithms for trained generative networks of arbitrary depth, and accompany these with recovery guarantees. Finally, we validate our theoretical results numerically and show that our method outperforms gradient descent when inverting such generators, both for clean and corrupted signals.      
### 85.Enhancement of a CNN-Based Denoiser Based on Spatial and Spectral Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15517.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural network (CNN)-based image denoising methods have been widely studied recently, because of their high-speed processing capability and good visual quality. However, most of the existing CNN-based denoisers learn the image prior from the spatial domain, and suffer from the problem of spatially variant noise, which limits their performance in real-world image denoising tasks. In this paper, we propose a discrete wavelet denoising CNN (WDnCNN), which restores images corrupted by various noise with a single model. Since most of the content or energy of natural images resides in the low-frequency spectrum, their transformed coefficients in the frequency domain are highly imbalanced. To address this issue, we present a band normalization module (BNM) to normalize the coefficients from different parts of the frequency spectrum. Moreover, we employ a band discriminative training (BDT) criterion to enhance the model regression. We evaluate the proposed WDnCNN, and compare it with other state-of-the-art denoisers. Experimental results show that WDnCNN achieves promising performance in both synthetic and real noise reduction, making it a potential solution to many practical image denoising applications.      
### 86.Laplacian Regularized Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15486.pdf)
>  We propose a transductive Laplacian-regularized inference for few-shot tasks. Given any feature embedding learned from the base classes, we minimize a quadratic binary-assignment function containing two terms: (1) a unary term assigning query samples to the nearest class prototype, and (2) a pairwise Laplacian term encouraging nearby query samples to have consistent label assignments. Our transductive inference does not re-train the base model, and can be viewed as a graph clustering of the query set, subject to supervision constraints from the support set. We derive a computationally efficient bound optimizer of a relaxation of our function, which computes independent (parallel) updates for each query sample, while guaranteeing convergence. Following a simple cross-entropy training on the base classes, and without complex meta-learning strategies, we conducted comprehensive experiments over five few-shot learning benchmarks. Our LaplacianShot consistently outperforms state-of-the-art methods by significant margins across different models, settings, and data sets. Furthermore, our transductive inference is very fast, with computational times that are close to inductive inference, and can be used for large-scale few-shot tasks.      
### 87.Chroma Intra Prediction with attention-based CNN architectures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15349.pdf)
>  Neural networks can be used in video coding to improve chroma intra-prediction. In particular, usage of fully-connected networks has enabled better cross-component prediction with respect to traditional linear models. Nonetheless, state-of-the-art architectures tend to disregard the location of individual reference samples in the prediction process. This paper proposes a new neural network architecture for cross-component intra-prediction. The network uses a novel attention module to model spatial relations between reference and predicted samples. The proposed approach is integrated into the Versatile Video Coding (VVC) prediction pipeline. Experimental results demonstrate compression gains over the latest VVC anchor compared with state-of-the-art chroma intra-prediction methods based on neural networks.      
### 88.A Tool for Automatic Estimation of Patient Position in Spinal CT Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15330.pdf)
>  Much of the recently available research and challenge data lack the meta-data containing any information about the patient position. This paper presents a tool for automatic rotation of CT data into a standardized (HFS) patient position. The proposed method is based on the prediction of rotation angle with CNN, and it achieved nearly perfect results with an accuracy of 99.55 %. We provide implementations with easy to use an example for both Matlab and Python (PyTorch), which can be used, for example, for automatic rotation correction of VerSe2020 challenge data.      
### 89.Video-Grounded Dialogues with Pretrained Generation Language Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15319.pdf)
>  Pre-trained language models have shown remarkable success in improving various downstream NLP tasks due to their ability to capture dependencies in textual data and generate natural responses. In this paper, we leverage the power of pre-trained language models for improving video-grounded dialogue, which is very challenging and involves complex features of different dynamics: (1) Video features which can extend across both spatial and temporal dimensions; and (2) Dialogue features which involve semantic dependencies over multiple dialogue turns. We propose a framework by extending GPT-2 models to tackle these challenges by formulating video-grounded dialogue tasks as a sequence-to-sequence task, combining both visual and textual representation into a structured sequence, and fine-tuning a large pre-trained GPT-2 network. Our framework allows fine-tuning language models to capture dependencies across multiple modalities over different levels of information: spatio-temporal level in video and token-sentence level in dialogue context. We achieve promising improvement on the Audio-Visual Scene-Aware Dialogues (AVSD) benchmark from DSTC7, which supports a potential direction in this line of research.      
### 90.A Retinex based GAN Pipeline to Utilize Paired and Unpaired Datasets for Enhancing Low Light Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15304.pdf)
>  Low light image enhancement is an important challenge for the development of robust computer vision algorithms. The machine learning approaches to this have been either unsupervised, supervised based on paired dataset or supervised based on unpaired dataset. This paper presents a novel deep learning pipeline that can learn from both paired and unpaired datasets. Convolution Neural Networks (CNNs) that are optimized to minimize standard loss, and Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) that are optimized to minimize the adversarial loss are used to achieve different steps of the low light image enhancement process. Cycle consistency loss and a patched discriminator are utilized to further improve the performance. The paper also analyses the functionality and the performance of different components, hidden layers, and the entire pipeline.      
### 91.Compressive MR Fingerprinting reconstruction with Neural Proximal Gradient iterations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15271.pdf)
>  Consistency of the predictions with respect to the physical forward model is pivotal for reliably solving inverse problems. This consistency is mostly un-controlled in the current end-to-end deep learning methodologies proposed for the Magnetic Resonance Fingerprinting (MRF) problem. To address this, we propose ProxNet, a learned proximal gradient descent framework that directly incorporates the forward acquisition and Bloch dynamic models within a recurrent learning mechanism. The ProxNet adopts a compact neural proximal model for de-aliasing and quantitative inference, that can be flexibly trained on scarce MRF training datasets. Our numerical experiments show that the ProxNet can achieve a superior quantitative inference accuracy, much smaller storage requirement, and a comparable runtime to the recent deep learning MRF baselines, while being much faster than the dictionary matching schemes. Code has been released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/edongdongchen/PGD-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 92.Attention-Guided Generative Adversarial Network to Address Atypical Anatomy in Modality Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.15264.pdf)
>  Recently, interest in MR-only treatment planning using synthetic CTs (synCTs) has grown rapidly in radiation therapy. However, developing class solutions for medical images that contain atypical anatomy remains a major limitation. In this paper, we propose a novel spatial attention-guided generative adversarial network (attention-GAN) model to generate accurate synCTs using T1-weighted MRI images as the input to address atypical anatomy. Experimental results on fifteen brain cancer patients show that attention-GAN outperformed existing synCT models and achieved an average MAE of 85.22$\pm$12.08, 232.41$\pm$60.86, 246.38$\pm$42.67 Hounsfield units between synCT and CT-SIM across the entire head, bone and air regions, respectively. Qualitative analysis shows that attention-GAN has the ability to use spatially focused areas to better handle outliers, areas with complex anatomy or post-surgical regions, and thus offer strong potential for supporting near real-time MR-only treatment planning.      
