# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 17 Jun 2020
### 1.Semantic Curiosity for Active Visual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09367.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the task of embodied interactive learning for object detection. Given a set of environments (and some labeling budget), our goal is to learn an object detector by having an agent select what data to obtain labels for. How should an exploration policy decide which trajectory should be labeled? One possibility is to use a trained object detector's failure cases as an external reward. However, this will require labeling millions of frames required for training RL policies, which is infeasible. Instead, we explore a self-supervised approach for training our exploration policy by introducing a notion of semantic curiosity. Our semantic curiosity policy is based on a simple observation -- the detection outputs should be consistent. Therefore, our semantic curiosity rewards trajectories with inconsistent labeling behavior and encourages the exploration policy to explore such areas. The exploration policy trained via semantic curiosity generalizes to novel scenes and helps train an object detector that outperforms baselines trained with other possible alternatives such as random exploration, prediction-error curiosity, and coverage-maximizing exploration.      
### 2.LiDARsim: Realistic LiDAR Simulation by Leveraging the Real World  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09348.pdf)
>  We tackle the problem of producing realistic simulations of LiDAR point clouds, the sensor of preference for most self-driving vehicles. We argue that, by leveraging real data, we can simulate the complex world more realistically compared to employing virtual worlds built from CAD/procedural models. Towards this goal, we first build a large catalog of 3D static maps and 3D dynamic objects by driving around several cities with our self-driving fleet. We can then generate scenarios by selecting a scene from our catalog and "virtually" placing the self-driving vehicle (SDV) and a set of dynamic objects from the catalog in plausible locations in the scene. To produce realistic simulations, we develop a novel simulator that captures both the power of physics-based and learning-based simulation. We first utilize ray casting over the 3D scene and then use a deep neural network to produce deviations from the physics-based simulation, producing realistic LiDAR point clouds. We showcase LiDARsim's usefulness for perception algorithms-testing on long-tail events and end-to-end closed-loop evaluation on safety-critical scenarios.      
### 3.Domain Adaptation with Morphologic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09322.pdf)
>  We present a novel domain adaptation framework that uses morphologic segmentation to translate images from arbitrary input domains (real and synthetic) into a uniform output domain. Our framework is based on an established image-to-image translation pipeline that allows us to first transform the input image into a generalized representation that encodes morphology and semantics - the edge-plus-segmentation map (EPS) - which is then transformed into an output domain. Images transformed into the output domain are photo-realistic and free of artifacts that are commonly present across different real (e.g. lens flare, motion blur, etc.) and synthetic (e.g. unrealistic textures, simplified geometry, etc.) data sets. Our goal is to establish a preprocessing step that unifies data from multiple sources into a common representation that facilitates training downstream tasks in computer vision. This way, neural networks for existing tasks can be trained on a larger variety of training data, while they are also less affected by overfitting to specific data sets. We showcase the effectiveness of our approach by qualitatively and quantitatively evaluating our method on four data sets of simulated and real data of urban scenes. Additional results can be found on the project website available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://jonathank.de/research/eps/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> .      
### 4.Deep Multimodal Transfer-Learned Regression in Data-Poor Domains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09310.pdf)
>  In many real-world applications of deep learning, estimation of a target may rely on various types of input data modes, such as audio-video, image-text, etc. This task can be further complicated by a lack of sufficient data. Here we propose a Deep Multimodal Transfer-Learned Regressor (DMTL-R) for multimodal learning of image and feature data in a deep regression architecture effective at predicting target parameters in data-poor domains. Our model is capable of fine-tuning a given set of pre-trained CNN weights on a small amount of training image data, while simultaneously conditioning on feature information from a complimentary data mode during network training, yielding more accurate single-target or multi-target regression than can be achieved using the images or the features alone. We present results using phase-field simulation microstructure images with an accompanying set of physical features, using pre-trained weights from various well-known CNN architectures, which demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed multimodal approach.      
### 5.Learning About Objects by Learning to Interact with Them  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09306.pdf)
>  Much of the remarkable progress in computer vision has been focused around fully supervised learning mechanisms relying on highly curated datasets for a variety of tasks. In contrast, humans often learn about their world with little to no external supervision. Taking inspiration from infants learning from their environment through play and interaction, we present a computational framework to discover objects and learn their physical properties along this paradigm of Learning from Interaction. Our agent, when placed within the near photo-realistic and physics-enabled AI2-THOR environment, interacts with its world and learns about objects, their geometric extents and relative masses, without any external guidance. Our experiments reveal that this agent learns efficiently and effectively; not just for objects it has interacted with before, but also for novel instances from seen categories as well as novel object categories.      
### 6.Unsupervised Pansharpening Based on Self-Attention Mechanism  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09303.pdf)
>  Pansharpening is to fuse a multispectral image (MSI) of low-spatial-resolution (LR) but rich spectral characteristics with a panchromatic image (PAN) of high-spatial-resolution (HR) but poor spectral characteristics. Traditional methods usually inject the extracted high-frequency details from PAN into the up-sampled MSI. Recent deep learning endeavors are mostly supervised assuming the HR MSI is available, which is unrealistic especially for satellite images. Nonetheless, these methods could not fully exploit the rich spectral characteristics in the MSI. Due to the wide existence of mixed pixels in satellite images where each pixel tends to cover more than one constituent material, pansharpening at the subpixel level becomes essential. In this paper, we propose an unsupervised pansharpening (UP) method in a deep-learning framework to address the above challenges based on the self-attention mechanism (SAM), referred to as UP-SAM. The contribution of this paper is three-fold. First, the self-attention mechanism is proposed where the spatial varying detail extraction and injection functions are estimated according to the attention representations indicating spectral characteristics of the MSI with sub-pixel accuracy. Second, such attention representations are derived from mixed pixels with the proposed stacked attention network powered with a stick-breaking structure to meet the physical constraints of mixed pixel formulations. Third, the detail extraction and injection functions are spatial varying based on the attention representations, which largely improves the reconstruction accuracy. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that the proposed approach is able to reconstruct sharper MSI of different types, with more details and less spectral distortion as compared to the state-of-the-art.      
### 7.A New Run-based Connected Component Labeling for Efficiently Analyzing and Processing Holes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09299.pdf)
>  This article introduces a new connected component labeling and analysis algorithm for foreground and background labeling that computes the adjacency tree. The computation of features (bounding boxes, first statistical moments, Euler number) is done on-the-fly. The transitive closure enables an efficient hole processing that can be filled while their features are merged with the surrounding connected component without the need to rescan the image. A comparison with existing algorithms shows that this new algorithm can do all these computations faster than algorithms processing black and white components.      
### 8.How Secure is Distributed Convolutional Neural Network on IoT Edge Devices?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09276.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) has found successful adoption in many applications. The deployment of CNN on resource-constrained edge devices have proved challenging. CNN distributed deployment across different edge devices has been adopted. In this paper, we propose Trojan attacks on CNN deployed across a distributed edge network across different nodes. We propose five stealthy attack scenarios for distributed CNN inference. These attacks are divided into trigger and payload circuitry. These attacks are tested on deep learning models (LeNet, AlexNet). The results show how the degree of vulnerability of individual layers and how critical they are to the final classification.      
### 9.AcED: Accurate and Edge-consistent Monocular Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09243.pdf)
>  Single image depth estimation is a challenging problem. The current state-of-the-art method formulates the problem as that of ordinal regression. However, the formulation is not fully differentiable and depth maps are not generated in an end-to-end fashion. The method uses a naïve threshold strategy to determine per-pixel depth labels, which results in significant discretization errors. For the first time, we formulate a fully differentiable ordinal regression and train the network in end-to-end fashion. This enables us to include boundary and smoothness constraints in the optimization function, leading to smooth and edge-consistent depth maps. A novel per-pixel confidence map computation for depth refinement is also proposed. Extensive evaluation of the proposed model on challenging benchmarks reveals its superiority over recent state-of-the-art methods, both quantitatively and qualitatively. Additionally, we demonstrate practical utility of the proposed method for single camera bokeh solution using in-house dataset of challenging real-life images.      
### 10.Foreground-Background Imbalance Problem in Deep Object Detectors: A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09238.pdf)
>  Recent years have witnessed the remarkable developments made by deep learning techniques for object detection, a fundamentally challenging problem of computer vision. Nevertheless, there are still difficulties in training accurate deep object detectors, one of which is owing to the foreground-background imbalance problem. In this paper, we survey the recent advances about the solutions to the imbalance problem. First, we analyze the characteristics of the imbalance problem in different kinds of deep detectors, including one-stage and two-stage ones. Second, we divide the existing solutions into two categories: sampling heuristics and non-sampling schemes, and review them in detail. Third, we experimentally compare the performance of some state-of-the-art solutions on the COCO benchmark. Promising directions for future work are also discussed.      
### 11.DSDANet: Deep Siamese Domain Adaptation Convolutional Neural Network for Cross-domain Change Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09225.pdf)
>  Change detection (CD) is one of the most vital applications in remote sensing. Recently, deep learning has achieved promising performance in the CD task. However, the deep models are task-specific and CD data set bias often exists, hence it is inevitable that deep CD models would suffer degraded performance after transferring it from original CD data set to new ones, making manually label numerous samples in the new data set unavoidable, which costs a large amount of time and human labor. How to learn a transferable CD model in the data set with enough labeled data (original domain) but can well detect changes in another data set without labeled data (target domain)? This is defined as the cross-domain change detection problem. In this paper, we propose a novel deep siamese domain adaptation convolutional neural network (DSDANet) architecture for cross-domain CD. In DSDANet, a siamese convolutional neural network first extracts spatial-spectral features from multi-temporal images. Then, through multi-kernel maximum mean discrepancy (MK-MMD), the learned feature representation is embedded into a reproducing kernel Hilbert space (RKHS), in which the distribution of two domains can be explicitly matched. By optimizing the network parameters and kernel coefficients with the source labeled data and target unlabeled data, DSDANet can learn transferrable feature representation that can bridge the discrepancy between two domains. To the best of our knowledge, it is the first time that such a domain adaptation-based deep network is proposed for CD. The theoretical analysis and experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness and potential of the proposed method.      
### 12.MS-TCN++: Multi-Stage Temporal Convolutional Network for Action Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09220.pdf)
>  With the success of deep learning in classifying short trimmed videos, more attention has been focused on temporally segmenting and classifying activities in long untrimmed videos. State-of-the-art approaches for action segmentation utilize several layers of temporal convolution and temporal pooling. Despite the capabilities of these approaches in capturing temporal dependencies, their predictions suffer from over-segmentation errors. In this paper, we propose a multi-stage architecture for the temporal action segmentation task that overcomes the limitations of the previous approaches. The first stage generates an initial prediction that is refined by the next ones. In each stage we stack several layers of dilated temporal convolutions covering a large receptive field with few parameters. While this architecture already performs well, lower layers still suffer from a small receptive field. To address this limitation, we propose a dual dilated layer that combines both large and small receptive fields. We further decouple the design of the first stage from the refining stages to address the different requirements of these stages. Extensive evaluation shows the effectiveness of the proposed model in capturing long-range dependencies and recognizing action segments. Our models achieve state-of-the-art results on three datasets: 50Salads, Georgia Tech Egocentric Activities (GTEA), and the Breakfast dataset.      
### 13.FCOS: A simple and strong anchor-free object detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09214.pdf)
>  In computer vision, object detection is one of most important tasks, which underpins a few instance-level recognition tasks and many downstream applications. Recently one-stage methods have gained much attention over two-stage approaches due to their simpler design and competitive performance. Here we propose a fully convolutional one-stage object detector (FCOS) to solve object detection in a per-pixel prediction fashion, analogue to other dense prediction problems such as semantic segmentation. Almost all state-of-the-art object detectors such as RetinaNet, SSD, YOLOv3, and Faster R-CNN rely on pre-defined anchor boxes. In contrast, our proposed detector FCOS is anchor box free, as well as proposal free. By eliminating the pre-defined set of anchor boxes, FCOS completely avoids the complicated computation related to anchor boxes such as calculating the intersection over union (IoU) scores during training. More importantly, we also avoid all hyper-parameters related to anchor boxes, which are often sensitive to the final detection performance. With the only post-processing non-maximum suppression (NMS), we demonstrate a much simpler and flexible detection framework achieving improved detection accuracy. We hope that the proposed FCOS framework can serve as a simple and strong alternative for many other instance-level tasks. Code and pre-trained models are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/AdelaiDet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 14.Iterative Nadaraya-Watson Distribution Transfer for Colour Grading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09208.pdf)
>  We propose a new method with Nadaraya-Watson that maps one N-dimensional distribution to another taking into account available information about correspondences. We extend the 2D/3D problem to higher dimensions by encoding overlapping neighborhoods of data points and solve the high dimensional problem in 1D space using an iterative projection approach. To show potentials of this mapping, we apply it to colour transfer between two images that exhibit overlapped scene. Experiments show quantitative and qualitative improvements over previous state of the art colour transfer methods.      
### 15.Visual Identification of Individual Holstein Friesian Cattle via Deep Metric Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09205.pdf)
>  Holstein Friesian cattle exhibit individually-characteristic black and white coat patterns visually akin to those arising from Turing's reaction-diffusion systems. This work takes advantage of these natural markings in order to automate visual detection and biometric identification of individual Holstein Friesians via convolutional neural networks and deep metric learning techniques. Using agriculturally relevant top-down imaging, we present methods for the detection, localisation, and identification of individual Holstein Friesians in an open herd setting, i.e. where changes in the herd do not require system re-training. We propose the use of SoftMax-based reciprocal triplet loss to address the identification problem and evaluate the techniques in detail against fixed herd paradigms. We find that deep metric learning systems show strong performance even under conditions where cattle unseen during system training are to be identified and re-identified - achieving 98.2% accuracy when trained on just half of the population. This work paves the way for facilitating the visual non-intrusive monitoring of cattle applicable to precision farming for automated health and welfare monitoring and to veterinary research in behavioural analysis, disease outbreak tracing, and more.      
### 16.AVLnet: Learning Audio-Visual Language Representations from Instructional Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09199.pdf)
>  Current methods for learning visually grounded language from videos often rely on time-consuming and expensive data collection, such as human annotated textual summaries or machine generated automatic speech recognition transcripts. In this work, we introduce Audio-Video Language Network (AVLnet), a self-supervised network that learns a shared audio-visual embedding space directly from raw video inputs. We circumvent the need for annotation and instead learn audio-visual language representations directly from randomly segmented video clips and their raw audio waveforms. We train AVLnet on publicly available instructional videos and evaluate our model on video clip and language retrieval tasks on three video datasets. Our proposed model outperforms several state-of-the-art text-video baselines by up to 11.8% in a video clip retrieval task, despite operating on the raw audio instead of manually annotated text captions. Further, we show AVLnet is capable of integrating textual information, increasing its modularity and improving performance by up to 20.3% on the video clip retrieval task. Finally, we perform analysis of AVLnet's learned representations, showing our model has learned to relate visual objects with salient words and natural sounds.      
### 17.Dense Non-Rigid Structure from Motion: A Manifold Viewpoint  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09197.pdf)
>  Non-Rigid Structure-from-Motion (NRSfM) problem aims to recover 3D geometry of a deforming object from its 2D feature correspondences across multiple frames. Classical approaches to this problem assume a small number of feature points and, ignore the local non-linearities of the shape deformation, and therefore, struggles to reliably model non-linear deformations. Furthermore, available dense NRSfM algorithms are often hurdled by scalability, computations, noisy measurements and, restricted to model just global deformation. In this paper, we propose algorithms that can overcome these limitations with the previous methods and, at the same time, can recover a reliable dense 3D structure of a non-rigid object with higher accuracy. Assuming that a deforming shape is composed of a union of local linear subspace and, span a global low-rank space over multiple frames enables us to efficiently model complex non-rigid deformations. To that end, each local linear subspace is represented using Grassmannians and, the global 3D shape across multiple frames is represented using a low-rank representation. We show that our approach significantly improves accuracy, scalability, and robustness against noise. Also, our representation naturally allows for simultaneous reconstruction and clustering framework which in general is observed to be more suitable for NRSfM problems. Our method currently achieves leading performance on the standard benchmark datasets.      
### 18.Cogradient Descent for Bilinear Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09142.pdf)
>  Conventional learning methods simplify the bilinear model by regarding two intrinsically coupled factors independently, which degrades the optimization procedure. One reason lies in the insufficient training due to the asynchronous gradient descent, which results in vanishing gradients for the coupled variables. In this paper, we introduce a Cogradient Descent algorithm (CoGD) to address the bilinear problem, based on a theoretical framework to coordinate the gradient of hidden variables via a projection function. We solve one variable by considering its coupling relationship with the other, leading to a synchronous gradient descent to facilitate the optimization procedure. Our algorithm is applied to solve problems with one variable under the sparsity constraint, which is widely used in the learning paradigm. We validate our CoGD considering an extensive set of applications including image reconstruction, inpainting, and network pruning. Experiments show that it improves the state-of-the-art by a significant margin.      
### 19.Improving accuracy and speeding up Document Image Classification through parallel systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09141.pdf)
>  This paper presents a study showing the benefits of the EfficientNet models compared with heavier Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) in the Document Classification task, essential problem in the digitalization process of institutions. We show in the RVL-CDIP dataset that we can improve previous results with a much lighter model and present its transfer learning capabilities on a smaller in-domain dataset such as Tobacco3482. Moreover, we present an ensemble pipeline which is able to boost solely image input by combining image model predictions with the ones generated by BERT model on extracted text by OCR. We also show that the batch size can be effectively increased without hindering its accuracy so that the training process can be sped up by parallelizing throughout multiple GPUs, decreasing the computational time needed. Lastly, we expose the training performance differences between PyTorch and Tensorflow Deep Learning frameworks.      
### 20.AlphaGAN: Fully Differentiable Architecture Search for Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09134.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) are formulated as minimax game problems, whereby generators attempt to approach real data distributions by virtue of adversarial learning against discriminators. The intrinsic problem complexity poses the challenge to enhance the performance of generative networks. In this work, we aim to boost model learning from the perspective of network architectures, by incorporating recent progress on automated architecture search into GANs. To this end, we propose a fully differentiable search framework for generative adversarial networks, dubbed alphaGAN. The searching process is formalized as solving a bi-level minimax optimization problem, in which the outer-level objective aims for seeking a suitable network architecture towards pure Nash Equilibrium conditioned on the generator and the discriminator network parameters optimized with a traditional GAN loss in the inner level. The entire optimization performs a first-order method by alternately minimizing the two-level objective in a fully differentiable manner, enabling architecture search to be completed in an enormous search space. Extensive experiments on CIFAR-10 and STL-10 datasets show that our algorithm can obtain high-performing architectures only with 3-GPU hours on a single GPU in the search space comprised of approximate 2 ? 1011 possible configurations. We also provide a comprehensive analysis on the behavior of the searching process and the properties of searched architectures, which would benefit further research on architectures for generative models. Pretrained models and codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yuesongtian/AlphaGAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.1st place solution for AVA-Kinetics Crossover in AcitivityNet Challenge 2020  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09116.pdf)
>  This technical report introduces our winning solution to the spatio-temporal action localization track, AVA-Kinetics Crossover, in ActivityNet Challenge 2020. Our entry is mainly based on Actor-Context-Actor Relation Network. We describe technical details for the new AVA-Kinetics dataset, together with some experimental results. Without any bells and whistles, we achieved 39.62 mAP on the test set of AVA-Kinetics, which outperforms other entries by a large margin. Code will be available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Siyu-C/ACAR-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.UCSG-Net -- Unsupervised Discovering of Constructive Solid Geometry Tree  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09102.pdf)
>  Signed distance field (SDF) is a prominent implicit representation of 3D meshes. Methods that are based on such representation achieved state-of-the-art 3D shape reconstruction quality. However, these methods struggle to reconstruct non-convex shapes. One remedy is to incorporate a constructive solid geometry framework (CSG) that represents a shape as a decomposition into primitives. It allows to embody a 3D shape of high complexity and non-convexity with a simple tree representation of Boolean operations. Nevertheless, existing approaches are supervised and require the entire CSG parse tree that is given upfront during the training process. On the contrary, we propose a model that extracts a CSG parse tree without any supervision - UCSG-Net. Our model predicts parameters of primitives and binarizes their SDF representation through differentiable indicator function. It is achieved jointly with discovering the structure of a Boolean operators tree. The model selects dynamically which operator combination over primitives leads to the reconstruction of high fidelity. We evaluate our method on 2D and 3D autoencoding tasks. We show that the predicted parse tree representation is interpretable and can be used in CAD software.      
### 23.Progressive Skeletonization: Trimming more fat from a network at initialization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09081.pdf)
>  Recent studies have shown that skeletonization (pruning parameters) of networks at initialization provides all the practical benefits of sparsity both at inference and training time, while only marginally degrading their performance. However, we observe that beyond a certain level of sparsity (approx 95%), these approaches fail to preserve the network performance, and to our surprise, in many cases perform even worse than trivial random pruning. To this end, we propose to find a skeletonized network with maximum foresight connection sensitivity (FORCE). Intuitively, out of all possible sub-networks, we propose to find the one whose connections would have a maximum impact on the loss when perturbed. Our approximate solution to maximize the FORCE, progressively prunes connections of a given network at initialization. This allows parameters that were unimportant at earlier stages of skeletonization to become important at later stages. In many cases, our approach enables us to remove up to 99.9% parameters, while keeping networks trainable and providing significantly better performance than recent approaches. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach at various levels of sparsity (from medium to extreme) through extensive experiments and analysis.      
### 24.Mucko: Multi-Layer Cross-Modal Knowledge Reasoning for Fact-based Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09073.pdf)
>  Fact-based Visual Question Answering (FVQA) requires external knowledge beyond visible content to answer questions about an image, which is challenging but indispensable to achieve general VQA. One limitation of existing FVQA solutions is that they jointly embed all kinds of information without fine-grained selection, which introduces unexpected noises for reasoning the final answer. How to capture the question-oriented and information-complementary evidence remains a key challenge to solve the problem. In this paper, we depict an image by a multi-modal heterogeneous graph, which contains multiple layers of information corresponding to the visual, semantic and factual features. On top of the multi-layer graph representations, we propose a modality-aware heterogeneous graph convolutional network to capture evidence from different layers that is most relevant to the given question. Specifically, the intra-modal graph convolution selects evidence from each modality and cross-modal graph convolution aggregates relevant information across different modalities. By stacking this process multiple times, our model performs iterative reasoning and predicts the optimal answer by analyzing all question-oriented evidence. We achieve a new state-of-the-art performance on the FVQA task and demonstrate the effectiveness and interpretability of our model with extensive experiments. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/astro-zihao/mucko" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.Multi-Precision Policy Enforced Training (MuPPET): A precision-switching strategy for quantised fixed-point training of CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09049.pdf)
>  Large-scale convolutional neural networks (CNNs) suffer from very long training times, spanning from hours to weeks, limiting the productivity and experimentation of deep learning practitioners. As networks grow in size and complexity, training time can be reduced through low-precision data representations and computations. However, in doing so the final accuracy suffers due to the problem of vanishing gradients. Existing state-of-the-art methods combat this issue by means of a mixed-precision approach utilising two different precision levels, FP32 (32-bit floating-point) and FP16/FP8 (16-/8-bit floating-point), leveraging the hardware support of recent GPU architectures for FP16 operations to obtain performance gains. This work pushes the boundary of quantised training by employing a multilevel optimisation approach that utilises multiple precisions including low-precision fixed-point representations. The novel training strategy, MuPPET, combines the use of multiple number representation regimes together with a precision-switching mechanism that decides at run time the transition point between precision regimes. Overall, the proposed strategy tailors the training process to the hardware-level capabilities of the target hardware architecture and yields improvements in training time and energy efficiency compared to state-of-the-art approaches. Applying MuPPET on the training of AlexNet, ResNet18 and GoogLeNet on ImageNet (ILSVRC12) and targeting an NVIDIA Turing GPU, MuPPET achieves the same accuracy as standard full-precision training with training-time speedup of up to 1.84$\times$ and an average speedup of 1.58$\times$ across the networks.      
### 26.Improved Deep Point Cloud Geometry Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09043.pdf)
>  Point clouds have been recognized as a crucial data structure for 3D content and are essential in a number of applications such as virtual and mixed reality, autonomous driving, cultural heritage, etc. In this paper, we propose a set of contributions to improve deep point cloud compression, i.e.: using a scale hyperprior model for entropy coding; employing deeper transforms; a different balancing weight in the focal loss; optimal thresholding for decoding; and sequential model training. In addition, we present an extensive ablation study on the impact of each of these factors, in order to provide a better understanding about why they improve RD performance. An optimal combination of the proposed improvements achieves BD-PSNR gains over G-PCC trisoup and octree of 5.51 (6.50) dB and 6.83 (5.85) dB, respectively, when using the point-to-point (point-to-plane) metric.      
### 27.Fine-Tuning DARTS for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09042.pdf)
>  Neural Architecture Search (NAS) has gained attraction due to superior classification performance. Differential Architecture Search (DARTS) is a computationally light method. To limit computational resources DARTS makes numerous approximations. These approximations result in inferior performance. We propose to fine-tune DARTS using fixed operations as they are independent of these approximations. Our method offers a good trade-off between the number of parameters and classification accuracy. Our approach improves the top-1 accuracy on Fashion-MNIST, CompCars, and MIO-TCD datasets by 0.56%, 0.50%, and 0.39%, respectively compared to the state-of-the-art approaches. Our approach performs better than DARTS, improving the accuracy by 0.28%, 1.64%, 0.34%, 4.5%, and 3.27% compared to DARTS, on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, Fashion-MNIST, CompCars, and MIO-TCD datasets, respectively.      
### 28.Deep Learning based Segmentation of Fish in Noisy Forward Looking MBES Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09034.pdf)
>  In this work, we investigate a Deep Learning (DL) approach to fish segmentation in a small dataset of noisy low-resolution images generated by a forward-looking multibeam echosounder (MBES). We build on recent advances in DL and Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) for semantic segmentation and demonstrate an end-to-end approach for a fish/non-fish probability prediction for all range-azimuth positions projected by an imaging sonar. We use self-collected datasets from the Danish Sound and the Faroe Islands to train and test our model and present techniques to obtain satisfying performance and generalization even with a low-volume dataset. We show that our model proves the desired performance and has learned to harness the importance of semantic context and take this into account to separate noise and non-targets from real targets. Furthermore, we present techniques to deploy models on low-cost embedded platforms to obtain higher performance fit for edge environments - where compute and power are restricted by size/cost - for testing and prototyping.      
### 29.Real-time Universal Style Transfer on High-resolution Images via Zero-channel Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09029.pdf)
>  Extracting effective deep features to represent content and style information is the key to universal style transfer. Most existing algorithms use VGG19 as the feature extractor, which incurs a high computational cost and impedes real-time style transfer on high-resolution images. In this work, we propose a lightweight alternative architecture - ArtNet, which is based on GoogLeNet, and later pruned by a novel channel pruning method named Zero-channel Pruning specially designed for style transfer approaches. Besides, we propose a theoretically sound sandwich swap transform (S2) module to transfer deep features, which can create a pleasing holistic appearance and good local textures with an improved content preservation ability. By using ArtNet and S2, our method is 2.3 to 107.4 times faster than state-of-the-art approaches. The comprehensive experiments demonstrate that ArtNet can achieve universal, real-time, and high-quality style transfer on high-resolution images simultaneously, (68.03 FPS on 512 times 512 images).      
### 30.Global Feature Aggregation for Accident Anticipation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08942.pdf)
>  Anticipation of accidents ahead of time in autonomous and non-autonomous vehicles aids in accident avoidance. In order to recognize abnormal events such as traffic accidents in a video sequence, it is important that the network takes into account interactions of objects in a given frame. We propose a novel Feature Aggregation (FA) block that refines each object's features by computing a weighted sum of the features of all objects in a frame. We use FA block along with Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) network to anticipate accidents in the video sequences. We report mean Average Precision (mAP) and Average Time-to-Accident (ATTA) on Street Accident (SA) dataset. Our proposed method achieves the highest score for risk anticipation by predicting accidents 0.32 sec and 0.75 sec earlier compared to the best results with Adaptive Loss and dynamic parameter prediction based methods respectively.      
### 31.Learning the Redundancy-free Features for Generalized Zero-Shot Object Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08939.pdf)
>  Zero-shot object recognition or zero-shot learning aims to transfer the object recognition ability among the semantically related categories, such as fine-grained animal or bird species. However, the images of different fine-grained objects tend to merely exhibit subtle differences in appearance, which will severely deteriorate zero-shot object recognition. To reduce the superfluous information in the fine-grained objects, in this paper, we propose to learn the redundancy-free features for generalized zero-shot learning. We achieve our motivation by projecting the original visual features into a new (redundancy-free) feature space and then restricting the statistical dependence between these two feature spaces. Furthermore, we require the projected features to keep and even strengthen the category relationship in the redundancy-free feature space. In this way, we can remove the redundant information from the visual features without losing the discriminative information. We extensively evaluate the performance on four benchmark datasets. The results show that our redundancy-free feature based generalized zero-shot learning (RFF-GZSL) approach can outperform the state-of-the-arts often by a large margin. Our code is available.      
### 32.Plug-and-Play Anomaly Detection with Expectation Maximization Filtering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08933.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection in crowds enables early rescue response. A plug-and-play smart camera for crowd surveillance has numerous constraints different from typical anomaly detection: the training data cannot be used iteratively; there are no training labels; and training and classification needs to be performed simultaneously. We tackle all these constraints with our approach in this paper. We propose a Core Anomaly-Detection (CAD) neural network which learns the motion behavior of objects in the scene with an unsupervised method. On average over standard datasets, CAD with a single epoch of training shows a percentage increase in Area Under the Curve (AUC) of 4.66% and 4.9% compared to the best results with convolutional autoencoders and convolutional LSTM-based methods, respectively. With a single epoch of training, our method improves the AUC by 8.03% compared to the convolutional LSTM-based approach. We also propose an Expectation Maximization filter which chooses samples for training the core anomaly-detection network. The overall framework improves the AUC compared to future frame prediction-based approach by 24.87% when crowd anomaly detection is performed on a video stream. We believe our work is the first step towards using deep learning methods with autonomous plug-and-play smart cameras for crowd anomaly detection.      
### 33.Depth by Poking: Learning to Estimate Depth from Self-Supervised Grasping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08903.pdf)
>  Accurate depth estimation remains an open problem for robotic manipulation; even state of the art techniques including structured light and LiDAR sensors fail on reflective or transparent surfaces. We address this problem by training a neural network model to estimate depth from RGB-D images, using labels from physical interactions between a robot and its environment. Our network predicts, for each pixel in an input image, the z position that a robot's end effector would reach if it attempted to grasp or poke at the corresponding position. Given an autonomous grasping policy, our approach is self-supervised as end effector position labels can be recovered through forward kinematics, without human annotation. Although gathering such physical interaction data is expensive, it is necessary for training and routine operation of state of the art manipulation systems. Therefore, this depth estimator comes ``for free'' while collecting data for other tasks (e.g., grasping, pushing, placing). We show our approach achieves significantly lower root mean squared error than traditional structured light sensors and unsupervised deep learning methods on difficult, industry-scale jumbled bin datasets.      
### 34.Exploiting Visual Semantic Reasoning for Video-Text Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08889.pdf)
>  Video retrieval is a challenging research topic bridging the vision and language areas and has attracted broad attention in recent years. Previous works have been devoted to representing videos by directly encoding from frame-level features. In fact, videos consist of various and abundant semantic relations to which existing methods pay less attention. To address this issue, we propose a Visual Semantic Enhanced Reasoning Network (ViSERN) to exploit reasoning between frame regions. Specifically, we consider frame regions as vertices and construct a fully-connected semantic correlation graph. Then, we perform reasoning by novel random walk rule-based graph convolutional networks to generate region features involved with semantic relations. With the benefit of reasoning, semantic interactions between regions are considered, while the impact of redundancy is suppressed. Finally, the region features are aggregated to form frame-level features for further encoding to measure video-text similarity. Extensive experiments on two public benchmark datasets validate the effectiveness of our method by achieving state-of-the-art performance due to the powerful semantic reasoning.      
### 35.CNN Acceleration by Low-rank Approximation with Quantized Factors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08878.pdf)
>  The modern convolutional neural networks although achieve great results in solving complex computer vision tasks still cannot be effectively used in mobile and embedded devices due to the strict requirements for computational complexity, memory and power consumption. The CNNs have to be compressed and accelerated before deployment. In order to solve this problem the novel approach combining two known methods, low-rank tensor approximation in Tucker format and quantization of weights and feature maps (activations), is proposed. The greedy one-step and multi-step algorithms for the task of multilinear rank selection are proposed. The approach for quality restoration after applying Tucker decomposition and quantization is developed. The efficiency of our method is demonstrated for ResNet18 and ResNet34 on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and Imagenet classification tasks. As a result of comparative analysis performed for other methods for compression and acceleration our approach showed its promising features.      
### 36.GPU-accelerated Hierarchical Panoramic Image Feature Retrieval for Indoor Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08861.pdf)
>  Indoor localization has many applications, such as commercial Location Based Services (LBS), robotic navigation, and assistive navigation for the blind. This paper formulates the indoor localization problem into a multimedia retrieving problem by modeling visual landmarks with a panoramic image feature, and calculating a user's location via GPU- accelerated parallel retrieving algorithm. To solve the scene similarity problem, we apply a multi-images based retrieval strategy and a 2D aggregation method to estimate the final retrieval location. Experiments on a campus building real data demonstrate real-time responses (14fps) and robust localization.      
### 37.Dual-Resolution Correspondence Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08844.pdf)
>  We tackle the problem of establishing dense pixel-wise correspondences between a pair of images. In this work, we introduce Dual-Resolution Correspondence Networks (DRC-Net), to obtain pixel-wise correspondences in a coarse-to-fine manner. DRC-Net extracts both coarse- and fine- resolution feature maps. The coarse maps are used to produce a full but coarse 4D correlation tensor, which is then refined by a learnable neighbourhood consensus module. The fine-resolution feature maps are used to obtain the final dense correspondences guided by the refined coarse 4D correlation tensor. The selected coarse-resolution matching scores allow the fine-resolution features to focus only on a limited number of possible matches with high confidence. In this way, DRC-Net dramatically increases matching reliability and localisation accuracy, while avoiding to apply the expensive 4D convolution kernels on fine-resolution feature maps. We comprehensively evaluate our method on large-scale public benchmarks including HPatches, InLoc, and Aachen Day-Night. It achieves the state-of-the-art results on all of them.      
### 38.Cardiac Segmentation with Strong Anatomical Guarantees  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08825.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNN) have had unprecedented success in medical imaging and, in particular, in medical image segmentation. However, despite the fact that segmentation results are closer than ever to the inter-expert variability, CNNs are not immune to producing anatomically inaccurate segmentations, even when built upon a shape prior. In this paper, we present a framework for producing cardiac image segmentation maps that are guaranteed to respect pre-defined anatomical criteria, while remaining within the inter-expert variability. The idea behind our method is to use a well-trained CNN, have it process cardiac images, identify the anatomically implausible results and warp these results toward the closest anatomically valid cardiac shape. This warping procedure is carried out with a constrained variational autoencoder (cVAE) trained to learn a representation of valid cardiac shapes through a smooth, yet constrained, latent space. With this cVAE, we can project any implausible shape into the cardiac latent space and steer it toward the closest correct shape. We tested our framework on short-axis MRI as well as apical two and four-chamber view ultrasound images, two modalities for which cardiac shapes are drastically different. With our method, CNNs can now produce results that are both within the inter-expert variability and always anatomically plausible without having to rely on a shape prior.      
### 39.A study of the effect of the illumination model on the generation of synthetic training datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08819.pdf)
>  The use of computer generated images to train Deep Neural Networks is a viable alternative to real images when the latter are scarce or expensive. In this paper, we study how the illumination model used by the rendering software affects the quality of the generated images. We created eight training sets, each one with a different illumination model, and tested them on three different network architectures, ResNet, U-Net and a combined architecture developed by us. The test set consisted of photos of 3D printed objects produced from the same CAD models used to generate the training set. The effect of the other parameters of the rendering process, such as textures and camera position, was randomized. <br>Our results show that the effect of the illumination model is important, comparable in significance to the network architecture. We also show that both light probes capturing natural environmental light, and modelled lighting environments, can give good results. In the case of light probes, we identified as two significant factors affecting performance the similarity between the light probe and the test environment, as well as the light probe's resolution. Regarding modelled lighting environment, similarity with the test environment was again identified as a significant factor.      
### 40.Total Deep Variation: A Stable Regularizer for Inverse Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08789.pdf)
>  Various problems in computer vision and medical imaging can be cast as inverse problems. A frequent method for solving inverse problems is the variational approach, which amounts to minimizing an energy composed of a data fidelity term and a regularizer. Classically, handcrafted regularizers are used, which are commonly outperformed by state-of-the-art deep learning approaches. In this work, we combine the variational formulation of inverse problems with deep learning by introducing the data-driven general-purpose total deep variation regularizer. In its core, a convolutional neural network extracts local features on multiple scales and in successive blocks. This combination allows for a rigorous mathematical analysis including an optimal control formulation of the training problem in a mean-field setting and a stability analysis with respect to the initial values and the parameters of the regularizer. In addition, we experimentally verify the robustness against adversarial attacks and numerically derive upper bounds for the generalization error. Finally, we achieve state-of-the-art results for numerous imaging tasks.      
### 41.HyperFlow: Representing 3D Objects as Surfaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08710.pdf)
>  In this work, we present HyperFlow - a novel generative model that leverages hypernetworks to create continuous 3D object representations in a form of lightweight surfaces (meshes), directly out of point clouds. Efficient object representations are essential for many computer vision applications, including robotic manipulation and autonomous driving. However, creating those representations is often cumbersome, because it requires processing unordered sets of point clouds. Therefore, it is either computationally expensive, due to additional optimization constraints such as permutation invariance, or leads to quantization losses introduced by binning point clouds into discrete voxels. Inspired by mesh-based representations of objects used in computer graphics, we postulate a fundamentally different approach and represent 3D objects as a family of surfaces. To that end, we devise a generative model that uses a hypernetwork to return the weights of a Continuous Normalizing Flows (CNF) target network. The goal of this target network is to map points from a probability distribution into a 3D mesh. To avoid numerical instability of the CNF on compact support distributions, we propose a new Spherical Log-Normal function which models density of 3D points around object surfaces mimicking noise introduced by 3D capturing devices. As a result, we obtain continuous mesh-based object representations that yield better qualitative results than competing approaches, while reducing training time by over an order of magnitude.      
### 42.Skin Segmentation from NIR Images using Unsupervised Domain Adaptation through Generative Latent Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08696.pdf)
>  Segmentation of the pixels corresponding to human skin is an essential first step in multiple applications ranging from surveillance to heart-rate estimation from remote-photoplethysmography. However, the existing literature considers the problem only in the visible-range of the EM-spectrum which limits their utility in low or no light settings where the criticality of the application is higher. To alleviate this problem, we consider the problem of skin segmentation from the Near-infrared images. However, Deep learning based state-of-the-art segmentation techniques demands large amounts of labelled data that is unavailable for the current problem. Therefore we cast the skin segmentation problem as that of target-independent unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) where we use the data from the Red-channel of the visible-range to develop skin segmentation algorithm on NIR images. We propose a method for target-independent segmentation where the 'nearest-clone' of a target image in the source domain is searched and used as a proxy in the segmentation network trained only on the source domain. We prove the existence of 'nearest-clone' and propose a method to find it through an optimization algorithm over the latent space of a Deep generative model based on variational inference. We demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed method for NIR skin segmentation over the state-of-the-art UDA segmenation methods on the two newly created skin segmentation datasets in NIR domain despite not having access to the target NIR data.      
### 43.DeshuffleGAN: A Self-Supervised GAN to Improve Structure Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08694.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) triggered an increased interest in problem of image generation due to their improved output image quality and versatility for expansion towards new methods. Numerous GAN-based works attempt to improve generation by architectural and loss-based extensions. We argue that one of the crucial points to improve the GAN performance in terms of realism and similarity to the original data distribution is to be able to provide the model with a capability to learn the spatial structure in data. To that end, we propose the DeshuffleGAN to enhance the learning of the discriminator and the generator, via a self-supervision approach. Specifically, we introduce a deshuffling task that solves a puzzle of randomly shuffled image tiles, which in turn helps the DeshuffleGAN learn to increase its expressive capacity for spatial structure and realistic appearance. We provide experimental evidence for the performance improvement in generated images, compared to the baseline methods, which is consistently observed over two different datasets.      
### 44.Multi-Image Summarization: Textual Summary from a Set of Cohesive Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08686.pdf)
>  Multi-sentence summarization is a well studied problem in NLP, while generating image descriptions for a single image is a well studied problem in Computer Vision. However, for applications such as image cluster labeling or web page summarization, summarizing a set of images is also a useful and challenging task. This paper proposes the new task of multi-image summarization, which aims to generate a concise and descriptive textual summary given a coherent set of input images. We propose a model that extends the image-captioning Transformer-based architecture for single image to multi-image. A dense average image feature aggregation network allows the model to focus on a coherent subset of attributes across the input images. We explore various input representations to the Transformer network and empirically show that aggregated image features are superior to individual image embeddings. We additionally show that the performance of the model is further improved by pretraining the model parameters on a single-image captioning task, which appears to be particularly effective in eliminating hallucinations in the output.      
### 45.Predicting Livelihood Indicators from Crowdsourced Street Level Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08661.pdf)
>  Major decisions from governments and other large organizations rely on measurements of the populace's well-being, but making such measurements at a broad scale is expensive and thus infrequent in much of the developing world. We propose an inexpensive, scalable, and interpretable approach to predict key livelihood indicators from public crowd-sourced street-level imagery. Such imagery can be cheaply collected and more frequently updated compared to traditional surveying methods, while containing plausibly relevant information for a range of livelihood indicators. We propose two approaches to learn from the street-level imagery. First method creates multihousehold cluster representations by detecting informative objects and the second method uses a graph-based approach that leverages the inherent structure between images. By visualizing what features are important to a model and how they are used, we can help end-user organizations understand the models and offer an alternate approach for index estimation that uses cheaply obtained roadway features. By comparing our results against ground data collected in nationally-representative household surveys, we show our approach can be used to accurately predict indicators of poverty, population, and health across India.      
### 46.ESL: Entropy-guided Self-supervised Learning for Domain Adaptation in Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08658.pdf)
>  While fully-supervised deep learning yields good models for urban scene semantic segmentation, these models struggle to generalize to new environments with different lighting or weather conditions for instance. In addition, producing the extensive pixel-level annotations that the task requires comes at a great cost. Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) is one approach that tries to address these issues in order to make such systems more scalable. In particular, self-supervised learning (SSL) has recently become an effective strategy for UDA in semantic segmentation. At the core of such methods lies `pseudo-labeling', that is, the practice of assigning high-confident class predictions as pseudo-labels, subsequently used as true labels, for target data. To collect pseudo-labels, previous works often rely on the highest softmax score, which we here argue as an unfavorable confidence measurement. <br>In this work, we propose Entropy-guided Self-supervised Learning (ESL), leveraging entropy as the confidence indicator for producing more accurate pseudo-labels. On different UDA benchmarks, ESL consistently outperforms strong SSL baselines and achieves state-of-the-art results.      
### 47.Self-Supervised Domain Mismatch Estimation for Autonomous Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08613.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving requires self awareness of its perception functions. Technically spoken, this can be realized by observers, which monitor the performance indicators of various perception modules. In this work we choose, exemplarily, a semantic segmentation to be monitored, and propose an autoencoder, trained in a self-supervised fashion on the very same training data as the semantic segmentation to be monitored. While the autoencoder's image reconstruction performance (PSNR) during online inference shows already a good predictive power w.r.t. semantic segmentation performance, we propose a novel domain mismatch metric DM as the earth mover's distance between a pre-stored PSNR distribution on training (source) data, and an online-acquired PSNR distribution on any inference (target) data. We are able to show by experiments that the DM metric has a strong rank order correlation with the semantic segmentation within its functional scope. We also propose a training domain-dependent threshold for the DM metric to define this functional scope.      
### 48.Targeted Adversarial Perturbations for Monocular Depth Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08602.pdf)
>  We study the effect of adversarial perturbations on the task of monocular depth prediction. Specifically, we explore the ability of small, imperceptible additive perturbations to selectively alter the perceived geometry of the scene. We show that such perturbations can not only globally re-scale the predicted distances from the camera, but also alter the prediction to match a different target scene. We also show that, when given semantic or instance information, perturbations can fool the network to alter the depth of specific categories or instances in the scene, and even remove them while preserving the rest of the scene. To understand the effect of targeted perturbations, we conduct experiments on state-of-the-art monocular depth prediction methods. Our experiments reveal vulnerabilities in monocular depth prediction networks, and shed light on the biases and context learned by them.      
### 49.Building One-Shot Semi-supervised (BOSS) Learning up to Fully Supervised Performance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09363.pdf)
>  Reaching the performance of fully supervised learning with unlabeled data and only labeling one sample per class might be ideal for deep learning applications. We demonstrate for the first time the potential for building one-shot semi-supervised (BOSS) learning on Cifar-10 and SVHN up to attain test accuracies that are comparable to fully supervised learning. Our method combines class prototype refining, class balancing, and self-training. A good prototype choice is essential and we propose a practical technique for obtaining iconic examples. In addition, we demonstrate that class balancing methods substantially improve accuracy results in semi-supervised learning to levels that allow self-training to reach the level of fully supervised learning performance. Rigorous empirical evaluations provide evidence that labeling large datasets is not necessary for training deep neural networks. We made our code available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lnsmith54/BOSS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>} to facilitate replication and for use with future real-world applications.      
### 50.Explorable Decoding of Compressed Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09332.pdf)
>  The ever-growing amounts of visual contents captured on a daily basis necessitate the use of lossy compression methods in order to save storage space and transmission bandwidth. While extensive research efforts are devoted to improving compression techniques, every method inevitably discards information. Especially at low bit rates, this information often corresponds to semantically meaningful visual cues, so that decompression involves significant ambiguity. In spite of this fact, existing decompression algorithms typically produce only a single output, and do not allow the viewer to explore the set of images that map to the given compressed code. Recently, explorable image restoration has been studied in the context of super-resolution. In this work, we propose to take this idea to the realm of image decompression. Specifically, we develop a novel deep-network based decoder architecture for the ubiquitous JPEG standard, which allows traversing the set of decompressed images that are consistent with the compressed input code. To allow for simple user interaction, we also develop a graphical user interface that comprises several intuitive exploration and editing tools. We exemplify our framework on graphical, medical and forensic use cases, demonstrating its wide range of potential applications.      
### 51.Lung Segmentation and Nodule Detection in Computed Tomography Scan using a Convolutional Neural Network Trained Adversarially using Turing Test Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09308.pdf)
>  Lung cancer is the most common form of cancer found worldwide with a high mortality rate. Early detection of pulmonary nodules by screening with a low-dose computed tomography (CT) scan is crucial for its effective clinical management. Nodules which are symptomatic of malignancy occupy about 0.0125 - 0.025\% of volume in a CT scan of a patient. Manual screening of all slices is a tedious task and presents a high risk of human errors. To tackle this problem we propose a computationally efficient two stage framework. In the first stage, a convolutional neural network (CNN) trained adversarially using Turing test loss segments the lung region. In the second stage, patches sampled from the segmented region are then classified to detect the presence of nodules. The proposed method is experimentally validated on the LUNA16 challenge dataset with a dice coefficient of $0.984\pm0.0007$ for 10-fold cross-validation.      
### 52.Hierarchical, rotation-equivariant neural networks to predict the structure of protein complexes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09275.pdf)
>  Predicting the structure of multi-protein complexes is a grand challenge in biochemistry, with major implications for basic science and drug discovery. Computational structure prediction methods generally leverage pre-defined structural features to distinguish accurate structural models from less accurate ones. This raises the question of whether it is possible to learn characteristics of accurate models directly from atomic coordinates of protein complexes, with no prior assumptions. Here we introduce a machine learning method that learns directly from the 3D positions of all atoms to identify accurate models of protein complexes, without using any pre-computed physics-inspired or statistical terms. Our neural network architecture combines multiple ingredients that together enable end-to-end learning from molecular structures containing tens of thousands of atoms: a point-based representation of atoms, equivariance with respect to rotation and translation, local convolutions, and hierarchical subsampling operations. When used in combination with previously developed scoring functions, our network substantially improves the identification of accurate structural models among a large set of possible models. Our network can also be used to predict the accuracy of a given structural model in absolute terms. The architecture we present is readily applicable to other tasks involving learning on 3D structures of large atomic systems.      
### 53.Structured and Localized Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09261.pdf)
>  We present a novel approach to image restoration that leverages ideas from localized structured prediction and non-linear multi-task learning. We optimize a penalized energy function regularized by a sum of terms measuring the distance between patches to be restored and clean patches from an external database gathered beforehand. The resulting estimator comes with strong statistical guarantees leveraging local dependency properties of overlapping patches. We derive the corresponding algorithms for energies based on the mean-squared and Euclidean norm errors. Finally, we demonstrate the practical effectiveness of our model on different image restoration problems using standard benchmarks.      
### 54.Two-Dimensional Non-Line-of-Sight Scene Estimation from a Single Edge Occluder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09241.pdf)
>  Passive non-line-of-sight imaging methods are often faster and stealthier than their active counterparts, requiring less complex and costly equipment. However, many of these methods exploit motion of an occluder or the hidden scene, or require knowledge or calibration of complicated occluders. The edge of a wall is a known and ubiquitous occluding structure that may be used as an aperture to image the region hidden behind it. Light from around the corner is cast onto the floor forming a fan-like penumbra rather than a sharp shadow. Subtle variations in the penumbra contain a remarkable amount of information about the hidden scene. Previous work has leveraged the vertical nature of the edge to demonstrate 1D (in angle measured around the corner) reconstructions of moving and stationary hidden scenery from as little as a single photograph of the penumbra. In this work, we introduce a second reconstruction dimension: range measured from the edge. We derive a new forward model, accounting for radial falloff, and propose two inversion algorithms to form 2D reconstructions from a single photograph of the penumbra. Performances of both algorithms are demonstrated on experimental data corresponding to several different hidden scene configurations. A Cramer-Rao bound analysis further demonstrates the feasibility (and utility) of the 2D corner camera.      
### 55.Reconstruction of turbulent data with deep generative models for semantic inpainting from TURB-Rot database  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09179.pdf)
>  We study the applicability of tools developed by the computer vision community for features learning and semantic image inpainting to perform data reconstruction of fluid turbulence configurations. The aim is twofold. First, we explore on a quantitative basis, the capability of Convolutional Neural Networks embedded in a Deep Generative Adversarial Model (Deep-GAN) to generate missing data in turbulence, a paradigmatic high dimensional chaotic system. In particular, we investigate their use in reconstructing two-dimensional damaged snapshots extracted from a large database of numerical configurations of 3d turbulence in the presence of rotation, a case with multi-scale random features where both large-scale organised structures and small-scale highly intermittent and non-Gaussian fluctuations are present. Second, following a reverse engineering approach, we aim to rank the input flow properties (features) in terms of their qualitative and quantitative importance to obtain a better set of reconstructed fields. We present two approaches both based on Context Encoders. The first one infers the missing data via a minimization of the L2 pixel-wise reconstruction loss, plus a small adversarial penalisation. The second searches for the closest encoding of the corrupted flow configuration from a previously trained generator. Finally, we present a comparison with a different data assimilation tool, based on Nudging, an equation-informed unbiased protocol, well known in the numerical weather prediction community. The TURB-Rot database, \url{<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://smart-turb.roma2.infn.it" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>}, of roughly 300K 2d turbulent images is released and details on how to download it are given.      
### 56.G1020: A Benchmark Retinal Fundus Image Dataset for Computer-Aided Glaucoma Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09158.pdf)
>  Scarcity of large publicly available retinal fundus image datasets for automated glaucoma detection has been the bottleneck for successful application of artificial intelligence towards practical Computer-Aided Diagnosis (CAD). A few small datasets that are available for research community usually suffer from impractical image capturing conditions and stringent inclusion criteria. These shortcomings in already limited choice of existing datasets make it challenging to mature a CAD system so that it can perform in real-world environment. In this paper we present a large publicly available retinal fundus image dataset for glaucoma classification called G1020. The dataset is curated by conforming to standard practices in routine ophthalmology and it is expected to serve as standard benchmark dataset for glaucoma detection. This database consists of 1020 high resolution colour fundus images and provides ground truth annotations for glaucoma diagnosis, optic disc and optic cup segmentation, vertical cup-to-disc ratio, size of neuroretinal rim in inferior, superior, nasal and temporal quadrants, and bounding box location for optic disc. We also report baseline results by conducting extensive experiments for automated glaucoma diagnosis and segmentation of optic disc and optic cup.      
### 57.Gradient Alignment in Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09128.pdf)
>  One cornerstone of interpretable deep learning is the high degree of visual alignment that input-gradients, i.e.,the gradients of the output w.r.t. inputs, exhibit with the input data. This alignment is assumed to arise as a result of the model's generalization, justifying its use for interpretability. However, recent work has shown that it is possible to 'fool' models into having arbitrary gradients while achieving good generalization, thus falsifying the assumption above. This leaves an open question: if not generalization, what causes input-gradients to align with input data? <br>In this work, we first show that it is simple to 'fool' input-gradients using the shift-invariance property of softmax, and that gradient structure is unrelated to model generalization. Second, we re-interpret the logits of standard classifiers as unnormalized log-densities of the data distribution, and find that we can improve this gradient alignment via a generative modelling objective called <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://score-matching.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> show this, we derive a novel approximation to the score-matching objective that eliminates the need for expensive Hessian computations, which may be of independent interest.Our experiments help us identify one factor that causes input-gradient alignment in models, that being the approximate generative modelling behaviour of the normalized logit distributions.      
### 58.End-to-End Real-time Catheter Segmentation with Optical Flow-Guided Warping during Endovascular Intervention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09117.pdf)
>  Accurate real-time catheter segmentation is an important pre-requisite for robot-assisted endovascular intervention. Most of the existing learning-based methods for catheter segmentation and tracking are only trained on small-scale datasets or synthetic data due to the difficulties of ground-truth annotation. Furthermore, the temporal continuity in intraoperative imaging sequences is not fully utilised. In this paper, we present FW-Net, an end-to-end and real-time deep learning framework for endovascular intervention. The proposed FW-Net has three modules: a segmentation network with encoder-decoder architecture, a flow network to extract optical flow information, and a novel flow-guided warping function to learn the frame-to-frame temporal continuity. We show that by effectively learning temporal continuity, the network can successfully segment and track the catheters in real-time sequences using only raw ground-truth for training. Detailed validation results confirm that our FW-Net outperforms state-of-the-art techniques while achieving real-time performance.      
### 59.Learning from Demonstration with Weakly Supervised Disentanglement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09107.pdf)
>  Robotic manipulation tasks, such as wiping with a soft sponge, require control from multiple rich sensory modalities. Human-robot interaction, aimed at teaching robots, is difficult in this setting as there is potential for mismatch between human and machine comprehension of the rich data streams. We treat the task of interpretable learning from demonstration as an optimisation problem over a probabilistic generative model. To account for the high-dimensionality of the data, a high-capacity neural network is chosen to represent the model. The latent variables in this model are explicitly aligned with high-level notions and concepts that are manifested in a set of demonstrations. We show that such alignment is best achieved through the use of labels from the end user, in an appropriately restricted vocabulary, in contrast to the conventional approach of the designer picking a prior over the latent variables. Our approach is evaluated in the context of a table-top robot manipulation task performed by a PR2 robot -- that of dabbing liquids with a sponge (forcefully pressing a sponge and moving it along a surface). The robot provides visual information, arm joint positions and arm joint efforts. We have made videos of the task and data available - see supplementary materials at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/weak-label-lfd" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 60.Multi-Objective CNN Based Algorithm for SAR Despeckling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09050.pdf)
>  Deep learning (DL) in remote sensing has nowadays became an effective operative tool: it is largely used in applications such as change detection, image restoration, segmentation, detection and classification. With reference to synthetic aperture radar (SAR) domain the application of DL techniques is not straightforward due to non trivial interpretation of SAR images, specially caused by the presence of speckle. Several deep learning solutions for SAR despeckling have been proposed in the last few years. Most of these solutions focus on the definition of different network architectures with similar cost functions not involving SAR image properties. In this paper, a convolutional neural network (CNN) with a multi-objective cost function taking care of spatial and statistical properties of the SAR image is proposed. This is achieved by the definition of a peculiar loss function obtained by the weighted combination of three different terms. Each of this term is dedicated mainly to one of the following SAR image characteristics: spatial details, speckle statistical properties and strong scatterers preservation. Their combination allows to balance these effects. Moreover, a specifically designed architecture is proposed for effectively extract distinctive features within the considered framework. Experiments on simulated and real SAR images show the accuracy of the proposed method compared to the State-of-Art despeckling algorithms, both from quantitative and qualitative point of view. The importance of considering such SAR properties in the cost function is crucial for a correct noise rejection and object preservation in different underlined scenarios, such as homogeneous, heterogeneous and extremely heterogeneous.      
### 61.Improved Techniques for Training Score-Based Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09011.pdf)
>  Score-based generative models can produce high quality image samples comparable to GANs, without requiring adversarial optimization. However, existing training procedures are limited to images of low resolution (typically below 32x32), and can be unstable under some settings. We provide a new theoretical analysis of learning and sampling from score models in high dimensional spaces, explaining existing failure modes and motivating new solutions that generalize across datasets. To enhance stability, we also propose to maintain an exponential moving average of model weights. With these improvements, we can effortlessly scale score-based generative models to images with unprecedented resolutions ranging from 64x64 to 256x256. Our score-based models can generate high-fidelity samples that rival best-in-class GANs on various image datasets, including CelebA, FFHQ, and multiple LSUN categories.      
### 62.RL-CycleGAN: Reinforcement Learning Aware Simulation-To-Real  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09001.pdf)
>  Deep neural network based reinforcement learning (RL) can learn appropriate visual representations for complex tasks like vision-based robotic grasping without the need for manually engineering or prior learning a perception system. However, data for RL is collected via running an agent in the desired environment, and for applications like robotics, running a robot in the real world may be extremely costly and time consuming. Simulated training offers an appealing alternative, but ensuring that policies trained in simulation can transfer effectively into the real world requires additional machinery. Simulations may not match reality, and typically bridging the simulation-to-reality gap requires domain knowledge and task-specific engineering. We can automate this process by employing generative models to translate simulated images into realistic ones. However, this sort of translation is typically task-agnostic, in that the translated images may not preserve all features that are relevant to the task. In this paper, we introduce the RL-scene consistency loss for image translation, which ensures that the translation operation is invariant with respect to the Q-values associated with the image. This allows us to learn a task-aware translation. Incorporating this loss into unsupervised domain translation, we obtain RL-CycleGAN, a new approach for simulation-to-real-world transfer for reinforcement learning. In evaluations of RL-CycleGAN on two vision-based robotics grasping tasks, we show that RL-CycleGAN offers a substantial improvement over a number of prior methods for sim-to-real transfer, attaining excellent real-world performance with only a modest number of real-world observations.      
### 63.How Much Can I Trust You? -- Quantifying Uncertainties in Explaining Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09000.pdf)
>  Explainable AI (XAI) aims to provide interpretations for predictions made by learning machines, such as deep neural networks, in order to make the machines more transparent for the user and furthermore trustworthy also for applications in e.g. safety-critical areas. So far, however, no methods for quantifying uncertainties of explanations have been conceived, which is problematic in domains where a high confidence in explanations is a prerequisite. We therefore contribute by proposing a new framework that allows to convert any arbitrary explanation method for neural networks into an explanation method for Bayesian neural networks, with an in-built modeling of uncertainties. Within the Bayesian framework a network's weights follow a distribution that extends standard single explanation scores and heatmaps to distributions thereof, in this manner translating the intrinsic network model uncertainties into a quantification of explanation uncertainties. This allows us for the first time to carve out uncertainties associated with a model explanation and subsequently gauge the appropriate level of explanation confidence for a user (using percentiles). We demonstrate the effectiveness and usefulness of our approach extensively in various experiments, both qualitatively and quantitatively.      
### 64.Channel Relationship Prediction with Forget-Update Module for Few-shot Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08937.pdf)
>  In this paper, we proposed a pipeline for inferring the relationship of each class in support set and a query sample using forget-update module. We first propose a novel architectural module called "channel vector sequence construction module", which boosts the performance of sequence-prediction-model-based few-shot classification methods by collecting the overall information of all support samples and a query sample. The channel vector sequence generated by this module is organized in a way that each time step of the sequence contains the information from the corresponding channel of all support samples and the query sample to be inferred. Channel vector sequence is obtained by a convolutional neural network and a fully connected network, and the spliced channel vector sequence is spliced of the corresponding channel vectors of support samples and a query sample in the original channel order. Also, we propose a forget-update module consisting of stacked forget-update blocks. The forget block modify the original information with the learned weights and the update block establishes a dense connection for the model. The proposed pipeline, which consists of channel vector sequence construction module and forget-update module, can infer the relationship between the query sample and support samples in few-shot classification scenario. Experimental results show that the pipeline can achieve state-of-the-art results on miniImagenet, CUB dataset, and cross-domain scenario.      
### 65.DeepCapture: Image Spam Detection Using Deep Learning and Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08885.pdf)
>  Image spam emails are often used to evade text-based spam filters that detect spam emails with their frequently used keywords. In this paper, we propose a new image spam email detection tool called DeepCapture using a convolutional neural network (CNN) model. There have been many efforts to detect image spam emails, but there is a significant performance degrade against entirely new and unseen image spam emails due to overfitting during the training phase. To address this challenging issue, we mainly focus on developing a more robust model to address the overfitting problem. Our key idea is to build a CNN-XGBoost framework consisting of eight layers only with a large number of training samples using data augmentation techniques tailored towards the image spam detection task. To show the feasibility of DeepCapture, we evaluate its performance with publicly available datasets consisting of 6,000 spam and 2,313 non-spam image samples. The experimental results show that DeepCapture is capable of achieving an F1-score of 88%, which has a 6% improvement over the best existing spam detection model CNN-SVM with an F1-score of 82%. Moreover, DeepCapture outperformed existing image spam detection solutions against new and unseen image datasets.      
### 66.Robust Recovery via Implicit Bias of Discrepant Learning Rates for Double Over-parameterization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08857.pdf)
>  Recent advances have shown that implicit bias of gradient descent on over-parameterized models enables the recovery of low-rank matrices from linear measurements, even with no prior knowledge on the intrinsic rank. In contrast, for robust low-rank matrix recovery from grossly corrupted measurements, over-parameterization leads to overfitting without prior knowledge on both the intrinsic rank and sparsity of corruption. This paper shows that with a double over-parameterization for both the low-rank matrix and sparse corruption, gradient descent with discrepant learning rates provably recovers the underlying matrix even without prior knowledge on neither rank of the matrix nor sparsity of the corruption. We further extend our approach for the robust recovery of natural images by over-parameterizing images with deep convolutional networks. Experiments show that our method handles different test images and varying corruption levels with a single learning pipeline where the network width and termination conditions do not need to be adjusted on a case-by-case basis. Underlying the success is again the implicit bias with discrepant learning rates on different over-parameterized parameters, which may bear on broader applications.      
### 67.On the use of human reference data for evaluating automatic image descriptions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08792.pdf)
>  Automatic image description systems are commonly trained and evaluated using crowdsourced, human-generated image descriptions. The best-performing system is then determined using some measure of similarity to the reference data (BLEU, Meteor, CIDER, etc). Thus, both the quality of the systems as well as the quality of the evaluation depends on the quality of the descriptions. As Section 2 will show, the quality of current image description datasets is insufficient. I argue that there is a need for more detailed guidelines that take into account the needs of visually impaired users, but also the feasibility of generating suitable descriptions. With high-quality data, evaluation of image description systems could use reference descriptions, but we should also look for alternatives.      
### 68.Towards Understanding the Effect of Leak in Spiking Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08761.pdf)
>  Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs) are being explored to emulate the astounding capabilities of human brain that can learn and compute functions robustly and efficiently with noisy spiking activities. A variety of spiking neuron models have been proposed to resemble biological neuronal functionalities. With varying levels of bio-fidelity, these models often contain a leak path in their internal states, called membrane potentials. While the leaky models have been argued as more bioplausible, a comparative analysis between models with and without leak from a purely computational point of view demands attention. In this paper, we investigate the questions regarding the justification of leak and the pros and cons of using leaky behavior. Our experimental results reveal that leaky neuron model provides improved robustness and better generalization compared to models with no leak. However, leak decreases the sparsity of computation contrary to the common notion. Through a frequency domain analysis, we demonstrate the effect of leak in eliminating the high-frequency components from the input, thus enabling SNNs to be more robust against noisy spike-inputs.      
### 69.A Critical and Moving-Forward View on Quantum Image Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08747.pdf)
>  Physics and computer science have a long tradition of cross-fertilization. One of the latest outcomes of this mutually beneficial relationship is quantum information science, which comprises the study of information processing tasks that can be accomplished using quantum mechanical systems. Quantum Image Processing (QIMP) is an emergent field of quantum information science whose main goal is to strengthen our capacity for storing, processing, and retrieving visual information from images and video either by transitioning from digital to quantum paradigms or by complementing digital imaging with quantum techniques. The expectation is that harnessing the properties of quantum mechanical systems in QIMP will result in the realization of advanced technologies that will outperform, enhance or complement existing and upcoming digital technologies for image and video processing tasks.      
### 70.Feature Space Saturation during Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08679.pdf)
>  We propose layer saturation - a simple, online-computable method for analyzing the information processing in neural networks. First, we show that a layer's output can be restricted to the eigenspace of its variance matrix without performance loss. We propose a computationally lightweight method for approximating the variance matrix during training. From the dimension of its lossless eigenspace we derive layer saturation - the ratio between the eigenspace dimension and layer width. We show that saturation seems to indicate which layers contribute to network performance. We demonstrate how to alter layer saturation in a neural network by changing network depth, filter sizes and input resolution. Furthermore, we show that well-chosen input resolution increases network performance by distributing the inference process more evenly across the network.      
### 71.Multiscale Deep Equilibrium Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08656.pdf)
>  We propose a new class of implicit networks, the multiscale deep equilibrium model (MDEQ), suited to large-scale and highly hierarchical pattern recognition domains. An MDEQ directly solves for and backpropagates through the equilibrium points of multiple feature resolutions simultaneously, using implicit differentiation to avoid storing intermediate states (and thus requiring only O(1) memory consumption). These simultaneously-learned multi-resolution features allow us to train a single model on a diverse set of tasks and loss functions, such as using a single MDEQ to perform both image classification and semantic segmentation. We illustrate the effectiveness of this approach on two large-scale vision tasks: ImageNet classification and semantic segmentation on high-resolution images from the Cityscapes dataset. In both settings, MDEQs are able to match or exceed the performance of recent competitive computer vision models: the first time such performance and scale have been achieved by an implicit deep learning approach. The code and pre-trained models are at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/locuslab/mdeq" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 72.Spherical Motion Dynamics of Deep Neural Networks with Batch Normalization and Weight Decay  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.08419.pdf)
>  We comprehensively reveal the learning dynamics of deep neural networks (DNN) with batch normalization (BN) and weight decay (WD), named as Spherical Motion Dynamics (SMD). Our theorem on SMD is based on the scale-invariant property of weights caused by BN, and regularization effect of WD. SMD shows the optimization trajectory of weights is like a spherical motion; and a new indicator, angular update is proposed to measure the update efficiency of DNN with BN and WD. We rigorously prove that the angular update is only determined by pre-defined hyper-parameters (i.e. learning rate, WD parameter and momentum coefficient), and provide their quantitative relationship. Most importantly, the quantitative result of SMD can perfectly match the empirical observation in complex and large scale computer vision tasks like ImageNet and COCO with standard training schemes. SMD can also yield reasonable interpretations on some phenomena about BN from an entirely new perspective, including avoidance of vanishing and exploding gradient, no risk of being trapped into sharp minima, and sudden drop of loss when shrinking learning rate. Further, to present the practical significance of SMD, we discuss the connection between SMD and commonly used learning rate tuning scheme: Linear Scaling Principle.      
