# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 1 Jun 2020
### 1.PnPNet: End-to-End Perception and Prediction with Tracking in the Loop  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14711.pdf)
>  We tackle the problem of joint perception and motion forecasting in the context of self-driving vehicles. Towards this goal we propose PnPNet, an end-to-end model that takes as input sequential sensor data, and outputs at each time step object tracks and their future trajectories. The key component is a novel tracking module that generates object tracks online from detections and exploits trajectory level features for motion forecasting. Specifically, the object tracks get updated at each time step by solving both the data association problem and the trajectory estimation problem. Importantly, the whole model is end-to-end trainable and benefits from joint optimization of all tasks. We validate PnPNet on two large-scale driving datasets, and show significant improvements over the state-of-the-art with better occlusion recovery and more accurate future prediction.      
### 2.Exploring Spatial Significance via Hybrid Pyramidal Graph Network for Vehicle Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14684.pdf)
>  Existing vehicle re-identification methods commonly use spatial pooling operations to aggregate feature maps extracted via off-the-shelf backbone networks. They ignore exploring the spatial significance of feature maps, eventually degrading the vehicle re-identification performance.      
### 3.Federated Face Anti-spoofing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14638.pdf)
>  Face presentation attack detection plays a critical role in the modern face recognition pipeline. A face anti-spoofing (FAS) model with good generalization can be obtained when it is trained with face images from different input distributions and different types of spoof attacks. In reality, training data (both real face images and spoof images) are not directly shared between data owners due to legal and privacy issues. In this paper, with the motivation of circumventing this challenge, we propose Federated Face Anti-spoofing (FedFAS) framework. FedFAS simultaneously takes advantage of rich FAS information available at different data owners while preserving data privacy. In the proposed framework, each data owner (referred to as \textit{data centers}) locally trains its own FAS model. A server learns a global FAS model by iteratively aggregating model updates from all data centers without accessing private data in each of them. Once the learned global model converges, it is used for FAS inference. We introduce the experimental setting to evaluate the proposed FedFAS framework and carry out extensive experiments to provide various insights about federated learning for FAS.      
### 4.Fixed-size Objects Encoding for Visual Relationship Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14600.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a fixed-size object encoding method (FOE-VRD) to improve performance of visual relationship detection tasks. Comparing with previous methods, FOE-VRD has an important feature, i.e., it uses one fixed-size vector to encoding all objects in each input image to assist the process of relationship detection. Firstly, we use a regular convolution neural network as a feature extractor to generate high-level features of input images. Then, for each relationship triplet in input images, i.e., $&lt;$subject-predicate-object$&gt;$, we apply ROI-pooling to get feature vectors of two regions on the feature maps that corresponding to bounding boxes of the subject and object. Besides the subject and object, our analysis implies that the results of predicate classification may also related to the rest objects in input images (we call them background objects). Due to the variable number of background objects in different images and computational costs, we cannot generate feature vectors for them one-by-one by using ROI pooling technique. Instead, we propose a novel method to encode all background objects in each image by using one fixed-size vector (i.e., FBE vector). By concatenating the 3 vectors we generate above, we successfully encode the objects using one fixed-size vector. The generated feature vector is then feed into a fully connected neural network to get predicate classification results. Experimental results on VRD database (entire set and zero-shot tests) show that the proposed method works well on both predicate classification and relationship detection.      
### 5.Map-Guided Curriculum Domain Adaptation and Uncertainty-Aware Evaluation for Semantic Nighttime Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14553.pdf)
>  We address the problem of semantic nighttime image segmentation and improve the state-of-the-art, by adapting daytime models to nighttime without using nighttime annotations. Moreover, we design a new evaluation framework to address the substantial uncertainty of semantics in nighttime images. Our central contributions are: 1) a curriculum framework to gradually adapt semantic segmentation models from day to night through progressively darker times of day, exploiting cross-time-of-day correspondences between daytime images from a reference map and dark images to guide the label inference in the dark domains; 2) a novel uncertainty-aware annotation and evaluation framework and metric for semantic segmentation, including image regions beyond human recognition capability in the evaluation in a principled fashion; 3) the Dark Zurich dataset, comprising 2416 unlabeled nighttime and 2920 unlabeled twilight images with correspondences to their daytime counterparts plus a set of 201 nighttime images with fine pixel-level annotations created with our protocol, which serves as a first benchmark for our novel evaluation. Experiments show that our map-guided curriculum adaptation significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods on nighttime sets both for standard metrics and our uncertainty-aware metric. Furthermore, our uncertainty-aware evaluation reveals that selective invalidation of predictions can improve results on data with ambiguous content such as our benchmark and profit safety-oriented applications involving invalid inputs.      
### 6.Enhanced nonconvex low-rank representation for tensor completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14521.pdf)
>  Higher-order low-rank tensor arises in many data processing applications and has attracted great interests. In this paper, we propose a new low rank model for higher-order tensor completion task based on the double nonconvex $L_{\gamma}$ norm, which is used to better approximate the rank minimization of tensor mode-matrix. An block successive upper-bound minimization method-based algorithm is designed to efficiently solve the proposed model, and it can be demonstrated that our numerical scheme converge to the coordinatewise minimizers. Numerical results on three types of public multi-dimensional datasets have tested and shown that our algorithms can recover a variety of low-rank tensors with significantly fewer samples than the compared methods.      
### 7.NuClick: A Deep Learning Framework for Interactive Segmentation of Microscopy Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14511.pdf)
>  Object Segmentation is an important step in the work-flow of computational pathology. Deep learning based models as the best forming models require huge amount of labeled data for precise and reliable prediction. However, collecting labeled data is expensive, because it necessarily involves expert knowledge. This is perhaps best illustrated by medical tasks where measurements call for expensive machinery and labels are the fruit of a time-consuming analysis that draws from multiple human experts. As nuclei, cells and glands are fundamental objects for downstream analysis in histology, in this paper we propose a simple CNN-based approach to speed up collecting segmentation annotation for these objects by utilizing minimum input from an annotator. We show for nuclei and cells as small objects, one click inside objects is enough to have precise annotation. For glands as large objects, providing a squiggle to show the extend of gland can guide the model to outline the exact boundaries. This supervisory signals are fed to network as an auxiliary channels along with RGB channels. With detailed experiments, we show that our approach is generalizable, robust against variations in the user input and that it can be used to obtain annotations for completely different domains. Practically, a model trained on the masks generated by NuClick could achieve first rank in LYON19 challenge. Furthermore, as the output of our framework, we release two data-sets: 1) a dataset of lymphocyte annotations within IHC images and 2) a dataset of WBCs annotated in blood sample images.      
### 8.Unconstrained Matching of 2D and 3D Descriptors for 6-DOF Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14502.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel concept to directly match feature descriptors extracted from 2D images with feature descriptors extracted from 3D point clouds. We use this concept to directly localize images in a 3D point cloud. We generate a dataset of matching 2D and 3D points and their corresponding feature descriptors, which is used to learn a Descriptor-Matcher classifier. To localize the pose of an image at test time, we extract keypoints and feature descriptors from the query image. The trained Descriptor-Matcher is then used to match the features from the image and the point cloud. The locations of the matched features are used in a robust pose estimation algorithm to predict the location and orientation of the query image. We carried out an extensive evaluation of the proposed method for indoor and outdoor scenarios and with different types of point clouds to verify the feasibility of our approach. Experimental results demonstrate that direct matching of feature descriptors from images and point clouds is not only a viable idea but can also be reliably used to estimate the 6-DOF poses of query cameras in any type of 3D point cloud in an unconstrained manner with high precision.      
### 9.Weakly Supervised Lesion Localization With Probabilistic-CAM Pooling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14480.pdf)
>  Localizing thoracic diseases on chest X-ray plays a critical role in clinical practices such as diagnosis and treatment planning. However, current deep learning based approaches often require strong supervision, e.g. annotated bounding boxes, for training such systems, which is infeasible to harvest in large-scale. We present Probabilistic Class Activation Map (PCAM) pooling, a novel global pooling operation for lesion localization with only image-level supervision. PCAM pooling explicitly leverages the excellent localization ability of CAM during training in a probabilistic fashion. Experiments on the ChestX-ray14 dataset show a ResNet-34 model trained with PCAM pooling outperforms state-of-the-art baselines on both the classification task and the localization task. Visual examination on the probability maps generated by PCAM pooling shows clear and sharp boundaries around lesion regions compared to the localization heatmaps generated by CAM. PCAM pooling is open sourced at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jfhealthcare/Chexpert" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.WaveSNet: Wavelet Integrated Deep Networks for Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14461.pdf)
>  In deep networks, the lost data details significantly degrade the performances of image segmentation. In this paper, we propose to apply Discrete Wavelet Transform (DWT) to extract the data details during feature map down-sampling, and adopt Inverse DWT (IDWT) with the extracted details during the up-sampling to recover the details. We firstly transform DWT/IDWT as general network layers, which are applicable to 1D/2D/3D data and various wavelets like Haar, Cohen, and Daubechies, etc. Then, we design wavelet integrated deep networks for image segmentation (WaveSNets) based on various architectures, including U-Net, SegNet, and DeepLabv3+. Due to the effectiveness of the DWT/IDWT in processing data details, experimental results on CamVid, Pascal VOC, and Cityscapes show that our WaveSNets achieve better segmentation performances than their vanilla versions.      
### 11.HourNAS: Extremely Fast Neural Architecture Search Through an Hourglass Lens  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14446.pdf)
>  Neural Architecture Search (NAS) refers to automatically design the architecture. We propose an hourglass-inspired approach (HourNAS) for this problem that is motivated by the fact that the effects of the architecture often proceed from the vital few blocks. Acting like the narrow neck of an hourglass, vital blocks in the guaranteed path from the input to the output of a deep neural network restrict the information flow and influence the network accuracy. The other blocks occupy the major volume of the network and determine the overall network complexity, corresponding to the bulbs of an hourglass. To achieve an extremely fast NAS while preserving the high accuracy, we propose to identify the vital blocks and make them the priority in the architecture search. The search space of those non-vital blocks is further shrunk to only cover the candidates that are affordable under the computational resource constraints. Experimental results on the ImageNet show that only using 3 hours (0.1 days) with one GPU, our HourNAS can search an architecture that achieves a 77.0% Top-1 accuracy, which outperforms the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 12.Dynamic Routing with Path Diversity and Consistency for Compact Network Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14439.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel dynamic routing inference method with diversity and consistency that better takes advantage of the network capacity. Specifically, by diverse routing, we achieve the goal of better utilizing of the network. By consistent routing, the better optimization of the routing mechanism is realized. Moreover, we propose a customizable computational cost controlling method that could balance the trade-off between cost and accuracy. Extensive ablation studies and experiments show that our method could achieve state-of-the-art results compared with the original full network, other dynamic networks and model compression methods. Our code will be made publicly available.      
### 13.High-order structure preserving graph neural network for few-shot learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14415.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning can find the latent structure information between the prior knowledge and the queried data by the similarity metric of meta-learning to construct the discriminative model for recognizing the new categories with the rare labeled samples. Most existing methods try to model the similarity relationship of the samples in the intra tasks, and generalize the model to identify the new categories. However, the relationship of samples between the separated tasks is difficultly considered because of the different metric criterion in the respective tasks. In contrast, the proposed high-order structure preserving graph neural network(HOSP-GNN) can further explore the rich structure of the samples to predict the label of the queried data on graph that enables the structure evolution to explicitly discriminate the categories by iteratively updating the high-order structure relationship (the relative metric in multi-samples,instead of pairwise sample metric) with the manifold structure constraints. HOSP-GNN can not only mine the high-order structure for complementing the relevance between samples that may be divided into the different task in meta-learning, and but also generate the rule of the structure updating by manifold constraint. Furthermore, HOSP-GNN doesn't need retrain the learning model for recognizing the new classes, and HOSP-GNN has the well-generalizable high-order structure for model adaptability. Experiments show that HOSP-GNN outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on supervised and semi-supervised few-shot learning in three benchmark datasets that are miniImageNet, tieredImageNet and FC100.      
### 14.Not made for each other- Audio-Visual Dissonance-based Deepfake Detection and Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14405.pdf)
>  We propose detection of deepfake videos based on the dissimilarity between the audio and visual modalities, termed as the Modality Dissonance Score (MDS). We hypothesize that manipulation of either modality will lead to dis-harmony between the two modalities, eg, loss of lip-sync, unnatural facial and lip movements, etc. MDS is computed as an aggregate of dissimilarity scores between audio and visual segments in a video. Discriminative features are learnt for the audio and visual channels in a chunk-wise manner, employing the cross-entropy loss for individual modalities, and a contrastive loss that models inter-modality similarity. Extensive experiments on the DFDC and DeepFake-TIMIT Datasets show that our approach outperforms the state-of-the-art by up to 7%. We also demonstrate temporal forgery localization, and show how our technique identifies the manipulated video segments.      
### 15.Deep graph learning for semi-supervised classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14403.pdf)
>  Graph learning (GL) can dynamically capture the distribution structure (graph structure) of data based on graph convolutional networks (GCN), and the learning quality of the graph structure directly influences GCN for semi-supervised classification. Existing methods mostly combine the computational layer and the related losses into GCN for exploring the global graph(measuring graph structure from all data samples) or local graph (measuring graph structure from local data samples). Global graph emphasises on the whole structure description of the inter-class data, while local graph trend to the neighborhood structure representation of intra-class data. However, it is difficult to simultaneously balance these graphs of the learning process for semi-supervised classification because of the interdependence of these graphs. To simulate the interdependence, deep graph learning(DGL) is proposed to find the better graph representation for semi-supervised classification. DGL can not only learn the global structure by the previous layer metric computation updating, but also mine the local structure by next layer local weight reassignment. Furthermore, DGL can fuse the different structures by dynamically encoding the interdependence of these structures, and deeply mine the relationship of the different structures by the hierarchical progressive learning for improving the performance of semi-supervised classification. Experiments demonstrate the DGL outperforms state-of-the-art methods on three benchmark datasets (Citeseer,Cora, and Pubmed) for citation networks and two benchmark datasets (MNIST and Cifar10) for images.      
### 16.Privacy-Protection Drone Patrol System based on Face Anonymization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14390.pdf)
>  The robot market has been growing significantly and is expected to become 1.5 times larger in 2024 than what it was in 2019. Robots have attracted attention of security companies thanks to their mobility. These days, for security robots, unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) have quickly emerged by highlighting their advantage: they can even go to any hazardous place that humans cannot access. For UAVs, Drone has been a representative model and has several merits to consist of various sensors such as high-resolution cameras. Therefore, Drone is the most suitable as a mobile surveillance robot. These attractive advantages such as high-resolution cameras and mobility can be a double-edged sword, i.e., privacy infringement. Surveillance drones take videos with high-resolution to fulfill their role, however, those contain a lot of privacy sensitive information. The indiscriminate shooting is a critical issue for those who are very reluctant to be exposed. To tackle the privacy infringement, this work proposes face-anonymizing drone patrol system. In this system, one person's face in a video is transformed into a different face with facial components maintained. To construct our privacy-preserving system, we have adopted the latest generative adversarial networks frameworks and have some modifications on losses of those frameworks. Our face-anonymzing approach is evaluated with various public face-image and video dataset. Moreover, our system is evaluated with a customized drone consisting of a high-resolution camera, a companion computer, and a drone control computer. Finally, we confirm that our system can protect privacy sensitive information with our face-anonymzing algorithm while preserving the performance of robot perception, i.e., simultaneous localization and mapping.      
### 17.Controlling Length in Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14386.pdf)
>  We develop and evaluate captioning models that allow control of caption length. Our models can leverage this control to generate captions of different style and descriptiveness.      
### 18.UGC-VQA: Benchmarking Blind Video Quality Assessment for User Generated Content  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14354.pdf)
>  Recent years have witnessed an explosion of user-generated content (UGC) videos shared and streamed over the Internet, thanks to the evolution of affordable and reliable consumer capture devices, and the tremendous popularity of social media platforms. Accordingly, there is a great need for accurate video quality assessment (VQA) models for UGC/consumer videos to monitor, control, and optimize this vast content. Blind quality prediction of in-the-wild videos is quite challenging, since the quality degradations of UGC content are unpredictable, complicated, and often commingled. Here we contribute to advancing the UGC-VQA problem by conducting a comprehensive evaluation of leading no-reference/blind VQA (BVQA) features and models on a fixed evaluation architecture, yielding new empirical insights on both subjective video quality studies and VQA model design. By employing a feature selection strategy on top of leading VQA model features, we are able to extract 60 of the 763 statistical features used by the leading models to create a new fusion-based BVQA model, which we dub the \textbf{VID}eo quality \textbf{EVAL}uator (VIDEVAL), that effectively balances the trade-off between VQA performance and efficiency. Our experimental results show that VIDEVAL achieves state-of-the-art performance at considerably lower computational cost than other leading models. Our study protocol also defines a reliable benchmark for the UGC-VQA problem, which we believe will facilitate further research on deep learning-based VQA modeling, as well as perceptually-optimized efficient UGC video processing, transcoding, and streaming. To promote reproducible research and public evaluation, an implementation of VIDEVAL has been made available online: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tu184044109/VIDEVAL_release" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 19.Self-Attention Dense Depth Estimation Network for Unrectified Video Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14313.pdf)
>  The dense depth estimation of a 3D scene has numerous applications, mainly in robotics and surveillance. LiDAR and radar sensors are the hardware solution for real-time depth estimation, but these sensors produce sparse depth maps and are sometimes unreliable. In recent years research aimed at tackling depth estimation using single 2D image has received a lot of attention. The deep learning based self-supervised depth estimation methods from the rectified stereo and monocular video frames have shown promising results. We propose a self-attention based depth and ego-motion network for unrectified images. We also introduce non-differentiable distortion of the camera into the training pipeline. Our approach performs competitively when compared to other established approaches that used rectified images for depth estimation.      
### 20.Predicting Goal-directed Human Attention Using Inverse Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14310.pdf)
>  Being able to predict human gaze behavior has obvious importance for behavioral vision and for computer vision applications. Most models have mainly focused on predicting free-viewing behavior using saliency maps, but these predictions do not generalize to goal-directed behavior, such as when a person searches for a visual target object. We propose the first inverse reinforcement learning (IRL) model to learn the internal reward function and policy used by humans during visual search. The viewer's internal belief states were modeled as dynamic contextual belief maps of object locations. These maps were learned by IRL and then used to predict behavioral scanpaths for multiple target categories. To train and evaluate our IRL model we created COCO-Search18, which is now the largest dataset of high-quality search fixations in existence. COCO-Search18 has 10 participants searching for each of 18 target-object categories in 6202 images, making about 300,000 goal-directed fixations. When trained and evaluated on COCO-Search18, the IRL model outperformed baseline models in predicting search fixation scanpaths, both in terms of similarity to human search behavior and search efficiency. Finally, reward maps recovered by the IRL model reveal distinctive target-dependent patterns of object prioritization, which we interpret as a learned object context.      
### 21.Combining Fine- and Coarse-Grained Classifiers for Diabetic Retinopathy Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14308.pdf)
>  Visual artefacts of early diabetic retinopathy in retinal fundus images are usually small in size, inconspicuous, and scattered all over retina. Detecting diabetic retinopathy requires physicians to look at the whole image and fixate on some specific regions to locate potential biomarkers of the disease. Therefore, getting inspiration from ophthalmologist, we propose to combine coarse-grained classifiers that detect discriminating features from the whole images, with a recent breed of fine-grained classifiers that discover and pay particular attention to pathologically significant regions. To evaluate the performance of this proposed ensemble, we used publicly available EyePACS and Messidor datasets. Extensive experimentation for binary, ternary and quaternary classification shows that this ensemble largely outperforms individual image classifiers as well as most of the published works in most training setups for diabetic retinopathy detection. Furthermore, the performance of fine-grained classifiers is found notably superior than coarse-grained image classifiers encouraging the development of task-oriented fine-grained classifiers modelled after specialist ophthalmologists.      
### 22.Monocular Depth Estimators: Vulnerabilities and Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14302.pdf)
>  Recent advancements of neural networks lead to reliable monocular depth estimation. Monocular depth estimated techniques have the upper hand over traditional depth estimation techniques as it only needs one image during inference. Depth estimation is one of the essential tasks in robotics, and monocular depth estimation has a wide variety of safety-critical applications like in self-driving cars and surgical devices. Thus, the robustness of such techniques is very crucial. It has been shown in recent works that these deep neural networks are highly vulnerable to adversarial samples for tasks like classification, detection and segmentation. These adversarial samples can completely ruin the output of the system, making their credibility in real-time deployment questionable. In this paper, we investigate the robustness of the most state-of-the-art monocular depth estimation networks against adversarial attacks. Our experiments show that tiny perturbations on an image that are invisible to the naked eye (perturbation attack) and corruption less than about 1% of an image (patch attack) can affect the depth estimation drastically. We introduce a novel deep feature annihilation loss that corrupts the hidden feature space representation forcing the decoder of the network to output poor depth maps. The white-box and black-box test compliments the effectiveness of the proposed attack. We also perform adversarial example transferability tests, mainly cross-data transferability.      
### 23.ePillID Dataset: A Low-Shot Fine-Grained Benchmark for Pill Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14288.pdf)
>  Identifying prescription medications is a frequent task for patients and medical professionals; however, this is an error-prone task as many pills have similar appearances (e.g. white round pills), which increases the risk of medication errors. In this paper, we introduce ePillID, the largest public benchmark on pill image recognition, composed of 13k images representing 8184 appearance classes (two sides for 4092 pill types). For most of the appearance classes, there exists only one reference image, making it a challenging low-shot recognition setting. We present our experimental setup and evaluation results of various baseline models on the benchmark. The best baseline using a multi-head metric-learning approach with bilinear features performed remarkably well; however, our error analysis suggests that they still fail to distinguish particularly confusing classes. The code and data are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/usuyama/ePillID-benchmark" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 24.Two-stage framework for optic disc localization and glaucoma classification in retinal fundus images using deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14284.pdf)
>  With the advancement of powerful image processing and machine learning techniques, CAD has become ever more prevalent in all fields of medicine including ophthalmology. Since optic disc is the most important part of retinal fundus image for glaucoma detection, this paper proposes a two-stage framework that first detects and localizes optic disc and then classifies it into healthy or glaucomatous. The first stage is based on RCNN and is responsible for localizing and extracting optic disc from a retinal fundus image while the second stage uses Deep CNN to classify the extracted disc into healthy or glaucomatous. In addition to the proposed solution, we also developed a rule-based semi-automatic ground truth generation method that provides necessary annotations for training RCNN based model for automated disc localization. The proposed method is evaluated on seven publicly available datasets for disc localization and on ORIGA dataset, which is the largest publicly available dataset for glaucoma classification. The results of automatic localization mark new state-of-the-art on six datasets with accuracy reaching 100% on four of them. For glaucoma classification we achieved AUC equal to 0.874 which is 2.7% relative improvement over the state-of-the-art results previously obtained for classification on ORIGA. Once trained on carefully annotated data, Deep Learning based methods for optic disc detection and localization are not only robust, accurate and fully automated but also eliminates the need for dataset-dependent heuristic algorithms. Our empirical evaluation of glaucoma classification on ORIGA reveals that reporting only AUC, for datasets with class imbalance and without pre-defined train and test splits, does not portray true picture of the classifier's performance and calls for additional performance metrics to substantiate the results.      
### 25.LR-CNN: Local-aware Region CNN for Vehicle Detection in Aerial Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14264.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art object detection approaches such as Fast/Faster R-CNN, SSD, or YOLO have difficulties detecting dense, small targets with arbitrary orientation in large aerial images. The main reason is that using interpolation to align RoI features can result in a lack of accuracy or even loss of location information. We present the Local-aware Region Convolutional Neural Network (LR-CNN), a novel two-stage approach for vehicle detection in aerial imagery. We enhance translation invariance to detect dense vehicles and address the boundary quantization issue amongst dense vehicles by aggregating the high-precision RoIs' features. Moreover, we resample high-level semantic pooled features, making them regain location information from the features of a shallower convolutional block. This strengthens the local feature invariance for the resampled features and enables detecting vehicles in an arbitrary orientation. The local feature invariance enhances the learning ability of the focal loss function, and the focal loss further helps to focus on the hard examples. Taken together, our method better addresses the challenges of aerial imagery. We evaluate our approach on several challenging datasets (VEDAI, DOTA), demonstrating a significant improvement over state-of-the-art methods. We demonstrate the good generalization ability of our approach on the DLR 3K dataset.      
### 26.Overview: Computer vision and machine learning for microstructural characterization and analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14260.pdf)
>  The characterization and analysis of microstructure is the foundation of microstructural science, connecting the materials structure to its composition, process history, and properties. Microstructural quantification traditionally involves a human deciding a priori what to measure and then devising a purpose-built method for doing so. However, recent advances in data science, including computer vision (CV) and machine learning (ML) offer new approaches to extracting information from microstructural images. This overview surveys CV approaches to numerically encode the visual information contained in a microstructural image, which then provides input to supervised or unsupervised ML algorithms that find associations and trends in the high-dimensional image representation. CV/ML systems for microstructural characterization and analysis span the taxonomy of image analysis tasks, including image classification, semantic segmentation, object detection, and instance segmentation. These tools enable new approaches to microstructural analysis, including the development of new, rich visual metrics and the discovery of processing-microstructure-property relationships.      
### 27.Human Recognition Using Face in Computed Tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14238.pdf)
>  With the mushrooming use of computed tomography (CT) images in clinical decision making, management of CT data becomes increasingly difficult. From the patient identification perspective, using the standard DICOM tag to track patient information is challenged by issues such as misspelling, lost file, site variation, etc. In this paper, we explore the feasibility of leveraging the faces in 3D CT images as biometric features. Specifically, we propose an automatic processing pipeline that first detects facial landmarks in 3D for ROI extraction and then generates aligned 2D depth images, which are used for automatic recognition. To boost the recognition performance, we employ transfer learning to reduce the data sparsity issue and to introduce a group sampling strategy to increase inter-class discrimination when training the recognition network. Our proposed method is capable of capturing underlying identity characteristics in medical images while reducing memory consumption. To test its effectiveness, we curate 600 3D CT images of 280 patients from multiple sources for performance evaluation. Experimental results demonstrate that our method achieves a 1:56 identification accuracy of 92.53% and a 1:1 verification accuracy of 96.12%, outperforming other competing approaches.      
### 28.Fuzziness-based Spatial-Spectral Class Discriminant Information Preserving Active Learning for Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14236.pdf)
>  Traditional Active/Self/Interactive Learning for Hyperspectral Image Classification (HSIC) increases the size of the training set without considering the class scatters and randomness among the existing and new samples. Second, very limited research has been carried out on joint spectral-spatial information and finally, a minor but still worth mentioning is the stopping criteria which not being much considered by the community. Therefore, this work proposes a novel fuzziness-based spatial-spectral within and between for both local and global class discriminant information preserving (FLG) method. We first investigate a spatial prior fuzziness-based misclassified sample information. We then compute the total local and global for both within and between class information and formulate it in a fine-grained manner. Later this information is fed to a discriminative objective function to query the heterogeneous samples which eliminate the randomness among the training samples. Experimental results on benchmark HSI datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the FLG method on Generative, Extreme Learning Machine and Sparse Multinomial Logistic Regression (SMLR)-LORSAL classifiers.      
### 29.FCN+RL: A Fully Convolutional Network followed by Refinement Layers to Offline Handwritten Signature Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14229.pdf)
>  Although secular, handwritten signature is one of the most reliable biometric methods used by most countries. In the last ten years, the application of technology for verification of handwritten signatures has evolved strongly, including forensic aspects. Some factors, such as the complexity of the background and the small size of the region of interest - signature pixels - increase the difficulty of the targeting task. Other factors that make it challenging are the various variations present in handwritten signatures such as location, type of ink, color and type of pen, and the type of stroke. In this work, we propose an approach to locate and extract the pixels of handwritten signatures on identification documents, without any prior information on the location of the signatures. The technique used is based on a fully convolutional encoder-decoder network combined with a block of refinement layers for the alpha channel of the predicted image. The experimental results demonstrate that the technique outputs a clean signature with higher fidelity in the lines than the traditional approaches and preservation of the pertinent characteristics to the signer's spelling. To evaluate the quality of our proposal, we use the following image similarity metrics: SSIM, SIFT, and Dice Coefficient. The qualitative and quantitative results show a significant improvement in comparison with the baseline system.      
### 30.Depth-aware Blending of Smoothed Images for Bokeh Effect Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14214.pdf)
>  Bokeh effect is used in photography to capture images where the closer objects look sharp and every-thing else stays out-of-focus. Bokeh photos are generally captured using Single Lens Reflex cameras using shallow depth-of-field. Most of the modern smartphones can take bokeh images by leveraging dual rear cameras or a good auto-focus hardware. However, for smartphones with single-rear camera without a good auto-focus hardware, we have to rely on software to generate bokeh images. This kind of system is also useful to generate bokeh effect in already captured images. In this paper, an end-to-end deep learning framework is proposed to generate high-quality bokeh effect from images. The original image and different versions of smoothed images are blended to generate Bokeh effect with the help of a monocular depth estimation network. The proposed approach is compared against a saliency detection based baseline and a number of approaches proposed in AIM 2019 Challenge on Bokeh Effect Synthesis. Extensive experiments are shown in order to understand different parts of the proposed algorithm. The network is lightweight and can process an HD image in 0.03 seconds. This approach ranked second in AIM 2019 Bokeh effect challenge-Perceptual Track.      
### 31.Improving Community Resiliency and Emergency Response With Artificial Intelligence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14212.pdf)
>  New crisis response and management approaches that incorporate the latest information technologies are essential in all phases of emergency preparedness and response, including the planning, response, recovery, and assessment phases. Accurate and timely information is as crucial as is rapid and coherent coordination among the responding organizations. We are working towards a multipronged emergency response tool that provide stakeholders timely access to comprehensive, relevant, and reliable information. The faster emergency personnel are able to analyze, disseminate and act on key information, the more effective and timelier their response will be and the greater the benefit to affected populations. Our tool consists of encoding multiple layers of open source geospatial data including flood risk location, road network strength, inundation maps that proxy inland flooding and computer vision semantic segmentation for estimating flooded areas and damaged infrastructure. These data layers are combined and used as input data for machine learning algorithms such as finding the best evacuation routes before, during and after an emergency or providing a list of available lodging for first responders in an impacted area for first. Even though our system could be used in a number of use cases where people are forced from one location to another, we demonstrate the feasibility of our system for the use case of Hurricane Florence in Lumberton, North Carolina.      
### 32.Probabilistic Object Classification using CNN ML-MAP layers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14565.pdf)
>  Deep networks are currently the state-of-the-art for sensory perception in autonomous driving and robotics. However, deep models often generate overconfident predictions precluding proper probabilistic interpretation which we argue is due to the nature of the SoftMax layer. To reduce the overconfidence without compromising the classification performance, we introduce a CNN probabilistic approach based on distributions calculated in the network's Logit layer. The approach enables Bayesian inference by means of ML and MAP layers. Experiments with calibrated and the proposed prediction layers are carried out on object classification using data from the KITTI database. Results are reported for camera ($RGB$) and LiDAR (range-view) modalities, where the new approach shows promising performance compared to SoftMax.      
### 33.Hyperspectral Image Super-resolution via Deep Spatio-spectral Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14400.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral images are of crucial importance in order to better understand features of different materials. To reach this goal, they leverage on a high number of spectral bands. However, this interesting characteristic is often paid by a reduced spatial resolution compared with traditional multispectral image systems. In order to alleviate this issue, in this work, we propose a simple and efficient architecture for deep convolutional neural networks to fuse a low-resolution hyperspectral image (LR-HSI) and a high-resolution multispectral image (HR-MSI), yielding a high-resolution hyperspectral image (HR-HSI). The network is designed to preserve both spatial and spectral information thanks to an architecture from two folds: one is to utilize the HR-HSI at a different scale to get an output with a satisfied spectral preservation; another one is to apply concepts of multi-resolution analysis to extract high-frequency information, aiming to output high quality spatial details. Finally, a plain mean squared error loss function is used to measure the performance during the training. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed network architecture achieves best performance (both qualitatively and quantitatively) compared with recent state-of-the-art hyperspectral image super-resolution approaches. Moreover, other significant advantages can be pointed out by the use of the proposed approach, such as, a better network generalization ability, a limited computational burden, and a robustness with respect to the number of training samples.      
### 34.A Light-Weighted Convolutional Neural Network for Bitemporal SAR Image Change Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14376.pdf)
>  Recently, many Convolution Neural Networks (CNN) have been successfully employed in bitemporal SAR image change detection. However, most of the existing networks are too heavy and occupy a large volume of memory for storage and calculation. Motivated by this, in this paper, we propose a lightweight neural network to reduce the computational and spatial complexity and facilitate the change detection on an edge device. In the proposed network, we replace normal convolutional layers with bottleneck layers that keep the same number of channels between input and output. Next, we employ dilated convolutional kernels with a few non-zero entries that reduce the running time in convolutional operators. Comparing with the conventional convolutional neural network, our light-weighted neural network will be more efficient with fewer parameters. We verify our light-weighted neural network on four sets of bitemporal SAR images. The experimental results show that the proposed network can obtain better performance than the conventional CNN and has better model generalization, especially on the challenging datasets with complex scenes.      
### 35.Extracting low-dimensional psychological representations from convolutional neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14363.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are increasingly being used in cognitive modeling as a means of deriving representations for complex stimuli such as images. While the predictive power of these networks is high, it is often not clear whether they also offer useful explanations of the task at hand. Convolutional neural network representations have been shown to be predictive of human similarity judgments for images after appropriate adaptation. However, these high-dimensional representations are difficult to interpret. Here we present a method for reducing these representations to a low-dimensional space which is still predictive of similarity judgments. We show that these low-dimensional representations also provide insightful explanations of factors underlying human similarity judgments.      
### 36.Enhancing Foreground Boundaries for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14355.pdf)
>  Object segmentation plays an important role in the modern medical image analysis, which benefits clinical study, disease diagnosis, and surgery planning. Given the various modalities of medical images, the automated or semi-automated segmentation approaches have been used to identify and parse organs, bones, tumors, and other regions-of-interest (ROI). However, these contemporary segmentation approaches tend to fail to predict the boundary areas of ROI, because of the fuzzy appearance contrast caused during the imaging procedure. To further improve the segmentation quality of boundary areas, we propose a boundary enhancement loss to enforce additional constraints on optimizing machine learning models. The proposed loss function is light-weighted and easy to implement without any pre- or post-processing. Our experimental results validate that our loss function are better than, or at least comparable to, other state-of-the-art loss functions in terms of segmentation accuracy.      
### 37.Bipartite Distance for Shape-Aware Landmark Detection in Spinal X-Ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14330.pdf)
>  Scoliosis is a congenital disease that causes lateral curvature in the spine. Its assessment relies on the identification and localization of vertebrae in spinal X-ray images, conventionally via tedious and time-consuming manual radiographic procedures that are prone to subjectivity and observational variability. Reliability can be improved through the automatic detection and localization of spinal landmarks. To guide a CNN in the learning of spinal shape while detecting landmarks in X-ray images, we propose a novel loss based on a bipartite distance (BPD) measure, and show that it consistently improves landmark detection performance.      
### 38.Uncertainty Evaluation Metric for Brain Tumour Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14262.pdf)
>  In this paper, we develop a metric designed to assess and rank uncertainty measures for the task of brain tumour sub-tissue segmentation in the BraTS 2019 sub-challenge on uncertainty quantification. The metric is designed to: (1) reward uncertainty measures where high confidence is assigned to correct assertions, and where incorrect assertions are assigned low confidence and (2) penalize measures that have higher percentages of under-confident correct assertions. Here, the workings of the components of the metric are explored based on a number of popular uncertainty measures evaluated on the BraTS 2019 dataset.      
### 39.Joint Total Variation ESTATICS for Robust Multi-Parameter Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14247.pdf)
>  Quantitative magnetic resonance imaging (qMRI) derives tissue-specific parameters -- such as the apparent transverse relaxation rate R2*, the longitudinal relaxation rate R1 and the magnetisation transfer saturation -- that can be compared across sites and scanners and carry important information about the underlying microstructure. The multi-parameter mapping (MPM) protocol takes advantage of multi-echo acquisitions with variable flip angles to extract these parameters in a clinically acceptable scan time. In this context, ESTATICS performs a joint loglinear fit of multiple echo series to extract R2* and multiple extrapolated intercepts, thereby improving robustness to motion and decreasing the variance of the estimators. In this paper, we extend this model in two ways: (1) by introducing a joint total variation (JTV) prior on the intercepts and decay, and (2) by deriving a nonlinear maximum \emph{a posteriori} estimate. We evaluated the proposed algorithm by predicting left-out echoes in a rich single-subject dataset. In this validation, we outperformed other state-of-the-art methods and additionally showed that the proposed approach greatly reduces the variance of the estimated maps, without introducing bias.      
