# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 18 Jun 2020
### 1.Learning to Detect 3D Reflection Symmetry for Single-View Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.10042.pdf)
>  3D reconstruction from a single RGB image is a challenging problem in computer vision. Previous methods are usually solely data-driven, which lead to inaccurate 3D shape recovery and limited generalization capability. In this work, we focus on object-level 3D reconstruction and present a geometry-based end-to-end deep learning framework that first detects the mirror plane of reflection symmetry that commonly exists in man-made objects and then predicts depth maps by finding the intra-image pixel-wise correspondence of the symmetry. Our method fully utilizes the geometric cues from symmetry during the test time by building plane-sweep cost volumes, a powerful tool that has been used in multi-view stereopsis. To our knowledge, this is the first work that uses the concept of cost volumes in the setting of single-image 3D reconstruction. We conduct extensive experiments on the ShapeNet dataset and find that our reconstruction method significantly outperforms the previous state-of-the-art single-view 3D reconstruction networks in term of the accuracy of camera poses and depth maps, without requiring objects being completely symmetric. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhou13/symmetrynet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.LSD-C: Linearly Separable Deep Clusters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.10039.pdf)
>  We present LSD-C, a novel method to identify clusters in an unlabeled dataset. Our algorithm first establishes pairwise connections in the feature space between the samples of the minibatch based on a similarity metric. Then it regroups in clusters the connected samples and enforces a linear separation between clusters. This is achieved by using the pairwise connections as targets together with a binary cross-entropy loss on the predictions that the associated pairs of samples belong to the same cluster. This way, the feature representation of the network will evolve such that similar samples in this feature space will belong to the same linearly separated cluster. Our method draws inspiration from recent semi-supervised learning practice and proposes to combine our clustering algorithm with self-supervised pretraining and strong data augmentation. We show that our approach significantly outperforms competitors on popular public image benchmarks including CIFAR 10/100, STL 10 and MNIST, as well as the document classification dataset Reuters 10K.      
### 3.Semantic Visual Navigation by Watching YouTube Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.10034.pdf)
>  Semantic cues and statistical regularities in real-world environment layouts can improve efficiency for navigation in novel environments. This paper learns and leverages such semantic cues for navigating to objects of interest in novel environments, by simply watching YouTube videos. This is challenging because YouTube videos don't come with labels for actions or goals, and may not even showcase optimal behavior. Our proposed method tackles these challenges through the use of Q-learning on pseudo-labeled transition quadruples (image, action, next image, reward). We show that such off-policy Q-learning from passive data is able to learn meaningful semantic cues for navigation. These cues, when used in a hierarchical navigation policy, lead to improved efficiency at the ObjectGoal task in visually realistic simulations. We improve upon end-to-end RL methods by 66%, while using 250x fewer interactions. Code, data, and models will be made available.      
### 4.Fast Object Classification and Meaningful Data Representation of Segmented Lidar Instances  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.10011.pdf)
>  Object detection algorithms for Lidar data have seen numerous publications in recent years, reporting good results on dataset benchmarks oriented towards automotive requirements. Nevertheless, many of these are not deployable to embedded vehicle systems, as they require immense computational power to be executed close to real time. <br>In this work, we propose a way to facilitate real-time Lidar object classification on CPU. We show how our approach uses segmented object instances to extract important features, enabling a computationally efficient batch-wise classification. For this, we introduce a data representation which translates three-dimensional information into small image patches, using decomposed normal vector images. We couple this with dedicated object statistics to handle edge cases. We apply our method on the tasks of object detection and semantic segmentation, as well as the relatively new challenge of panoptic segmentation. Through evaluation, we show, that our algorithm is capable of producing good results on public data, while running in real time on CPU without using specific optimisation.      
### 5.Deeply Learned Spectral Total Variation Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.10004.pdf)
>  Non-linear spectral decompositions of images based on one-homogeneous functionals such as total variation have gained considerable attention in the last few years. Due to their ability to extract spectral components corresponding to objects of different size and contrast, such decompositions enable filtering, feature transfer, image fusion and other applications. However, obtaining this decomposition involves solving multiple non-smooth optimisation problems and is therefore computationally highly intensive. In this paper, we present a neural network approximation of a non-linear spectral decomposition. We report up to four orders of magnitude ($\times 10,000$) speedup in processing of mega-pixel size images, compared to classical GPU implementations. Our proposed network, TVSpecNET, is able to implicitly learn the underlying PDE and, despite being entirely data driven, inherits invariances of the model based transform. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first approach towards learning a non-linear spectral decomposition of images. Not only do we gain a staggering computational advantage, but this approach can also be seen as a step towards studying neural networks that can decompose an image into spectral components defined by a user rather than a handcrafted functional.      
### 6.Noise or Signal: The Role of Image Backgrounds in Object Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09994.pdf)
>  We assess the tendency of state-of-the-art object recognition models to depend on signals from image backgrounds. We create a toolkit for disentangling foreground and background signal on ImageNet images, and find that (a) models can achieve non-trivial accuracy by relying on the background alone, (b) models often misclassify images even in the presence of correctly classified foregrounds--up to 87.5% of the time with adversarially chosen backgrounds, and (c) more accurate models tend to depend on backgrounds less. Our analysis of backgrounds brings us closer to understanding which correlations machine learning models use, and how they determine models' out of distribution performance.      
### 7.WhoAmI: An Automatic Tool for Visual Recognition of Tiger and Leopard Individuals in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09962.pdf)
>  Photographs of wild animals in their natural habitats can be recorded unobtrusively via cameras that are triggered by motion nearby. The installation of such camera traps is becoming increasingly common across the world. Although this is a convenient source of invaluable data for biologists, ecologists and conservationists, the arduous task of poring through potentially millions of pictures each season introduces prohibitive costs and frustrating delays. We develop automatic algorithms that are able to detect animals, identify the species of animals and to recognize individual animals for two species. we propose the first fully-automatic tool that can recognize specific individuals of leopard and tiger due to their characteristic body markings. We adopt a class of supervised learning approach of machine learning where a Deep Convolutional Neural Network (DCNN) is trained using several instances of manually-labelled images for each of the three classification tasks. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on a data set of camera-trap images recorded in the jungles of Southern India.      
### 8.When We First Met: Visual-Inertial Person Localization for Co-Robot Rendezvous  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09959.pdf)
>  We aim to enable robots to visually localize a target person through the aid of an additional sensing modality -- the target person's 3D inertial measurements. The need for such technology may arise when a robot is to meet person in a crowd for the first time or when an autonomous vehicle must rendezvous with a rider amongst a crowd without knowing the appearance of the person in advance. A person's inertial information can be measured with a wearable device such as a smart-phone and can be shared selectively with an autonomous system during the rendezvous. We propose a method to learn a visual-inertial feature space in which the motion of a person in video can be easily matched to the motion measured by a wearable inertial measurement unit (IMU). The transformation of the two modalities into the joint feature space is learned through the use of a contrastive loss which forces inertial motion features and video motion features generated by the same person to lie close in the joint feature space. To validate our approach, we compose a dataset of over 60,000 video segments of moving people along with wearable IMU data. Our experiments show that our proposed method is able to accurately localize a target person with 80.7% accuracy using only 5 seconds of IMU data and video.      
### 9.Contrastive Learning for Weakly Supervised Phrase Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09920.pdf)
>  Phrase grounding, the problem of associating image regions to caption words, is a crucial component of vision-language tasks. We show that phrase grounding can be learned by optimizing word-region attention to maximize a lower bound on mutual information between images and caption words. Given pairs of images and captions, we maximize compatibility of the attention-weighted regions and the words in the corresponding caption, compared to non-corresponding pairs of images and captions. A key idea is to construct effective negative captions for learning through language model guided word substitutions. Training with our negatives yields a $\sim10\%$ absolute gain in accuracy over randomly-sampled negatives from the training data. Our weakly supervised phrase grounding model trained on COCO-Captions shows a healthy gain of $5.7\%$ to achieve $76.7\%$ accuracy on Flickr30K Entities benchmark.      
### 10.FISHING Net: Future Inference of Semantic Heatmaps In Grids  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09917.pdf)
>  For autonomous robots to navigate a complex environment, it is crucial to understand the surrounding scene both geometrically and semantically. Modern autonomous robots employ multiple sets of sensors, including lidars, radars, and cameras. Managing the different reference frames and characteristics of the sensors, and merging their observations into a single representation complicates perception. Choosing a single unified representation for all sensors simplifies the task of perception and fusion. In this work, we present an end-to-end pipeline that performs semantic segmentation and short term prediction using a top-down representation. Our approach consists of an ensemble of neural networks which take in sensor data from different sensor modalities and transform them into a single common top-down semantic grid representation. We find this representation favorable as it is agnostic to sensor-specific reference frames and captures both the semantic and geometric information for the surrounding scene. Because the modalities share a single output representation, they can be easily aggregated to produce a fused output. In this work we predict short-term semantic grids but the framework can be extended to other tasks. This approach offers a simple, extensible, end-to-end approach for multi-modal perception and prediction.      
### 11.Vision-Aided Dynamic Blockage Prediction for 6G Wireless Communication Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09902.pdf)
>  Unlocking the full potential of millimeter-wave and sub-terahertz wireless communication networks hinges on realizing unprecedented low-latency and high-reliability requirements. The challenge in meeting those requirements lies partly in the sensitivity of signals in the millimeter-wave and sub-terahertz frequency ranges to blockages. One promising way to tackle that challenge is to help a wireless network develop a sense of its surrounding using machine learning. This paper attempts to do that by utilizing deep learning and computer vision. It proposes a novel solution that proactively predicts \textit{dynamic} link blockages. More specifically, it develops a deep neural network architecture that learns from observed sequences of RGB images and beamforming vectors how to predict possible future link blockages. The proposed architecture is evaluated on a publicly available dataset that represents a synthetic dynamic communication scenario with multiple moving users and blockages. It scores a link-blockage prediction accuracy in the neighborhood of 86\%, a performance that is unlikely to be matched without utilizing visual data.      
### 12.Let's face it: Probabilistic multi-modal interlocutor-aware generation of facial gestures in dyadic settings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09888.pdf)
>  To enable more natural face-to-face interactions, conversational agents need to adapt their behavior to their interlocutors. One key aspect of this is generation of appropriate non-verbal behavior for the agent, for example facial gestures, here defined as facial expressions and head movements. Most existing gesture-generating systems do not utilize multi-modal cues from the interlocutor when synthesizing non-verbal behavior. Those that do, typically use deterministic methods that risk producing repetitive and non-vivid motions. In this paper, we introduce a probabilistic method to synthesize interlocutor-aware facial gestures - represented by highly expressive FLAME parameters - in dyadic conversations. Our contributions are: a) a method for feature extraction from multi-party video and speech recordings, resulting in a representation that allows for independent control and manipulation of expression and speech articulation in a 3D avatar; b) an extension to MoGlow, a recent motion-synthesis method based on normalizing flows, to also take multi-modal signals from the interlocutor as input and subsequently output interlocutor-aware facial gestures; and c) subjective and objective experiments assessing the use and relative importance of the different modalities in the synthesized output. The results show that the model successfully leverages the input from the interlocutor to generate more appropriate behavior.      
### 13.Quantification of groundnut leaf defects using image processing algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09887.pdf)
>  Identification, classification, and quantification of crop defects are of paramount of interest to the farmers for preventive measures and decrease the yield loss through necessary remedial actions. Due to the vast agricultural field, manual inspection of crops is tedious and time-consuming. UAV based data collection, observation, identification, and quantification of defected leaves area are considered to be an effective solution. The present work attempts to estimate the percentage of affected groundnut leaves area across four regions of Andharapradesh using image processing techniques. The proposed method involves colour space transformation combined with thresholding technique to perform the segmentation. The calibration measures are performed during acquisition with respect to UAV capturing distance, angle and other relevant camera parameters. Finally, our method can estimate the consolidated leaves and defected area. The image analysis results across these four regions reveal that around 14 - 28% of leaves area is affected across the groundnut field and thereby yield will be diminished correspondingly. Hence, it is recommended to spray the pesticides on the affected regions alone across the field to improve the plant growth and thereby yield will be increased.      
### 14.Unsupervised Learning of Visual Features by Contrasting Cluster Assignments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09882.pdf)
>  Unsupervised image representations have significantly reduced the gap with supervised pretraining, notably with the recent achievements of contrastive learning methods. These contrastive methods typically work online and rely on a large number of explicit pairwise feature comparisons, which is computationally challenging. In this paper, we propose an online algorithm, SwAV, that takes advantage of contrastive methods without requiring to compute pairwise comparisons. Specifically, our method simultaneously clusters the data while enforcing consistency between cluster assignments produced for different augmentations (or views) of the same image, instead of comparing features directly as in contrastive learning. Simply put, we use a swapped prediction mechanism where we predict the cluster assignment of a view from the representation of another view. Our method can be trained with large and small batches and can scale to unlimited amounts of data. Compared to previous contrastive methods, our method is more memory efficient since it does not require a large memory bank or a special momentum network. In addition, we also propose a new data augmentation strategy, multi-crop, that uses a mix of views with different resolutions in place of two full-resolution views, without increasing the memory or compute requirements much. We validate our findings by achieving 75.3% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet with ResNet-50, as well as surpassing supervised pretraining on all the considered transfer tasks.      
### 15.Using Wavelets and Spectral Methods to Study Patterns in Image-Classification Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09879.pdf)
>  Deep learning models extract, before a final classification layer, features or patterns which are key for their unprecedented advantageous performance. However, the process of complex nonlinear feature extraction is not well understood, a major reason why interpretation, adversarial robustness, and generalization of deep neural nets are all open research problems. In this paper, we use wavelet transformation and spectral methods to analyze the contents of image classification datasets, extract specific patterns from the datasets and find the associations between patterns and classes. We show that each image can be written as the summation of a finite number of rank-1 patterns in the wavelet space, providing a low rank approximation that captures the structures and patterns essential for learning. Regarding the studies on memorization vs learning, our results clearly reveal disassociation of patterns from classes, when images are randomly labeled. Our method can be used as a pattern recognition approach to understand and interpret learnability of these datasets. It may also be used for gaining insights about the features and patterns that deep classifiers learn from the datasets.      
### 16.Self-Supervised Joint Learning Framework of Depth Estimation via Implicit Cues  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09876.pdf)
>  In self-supervised monocular depth estimation, the depth discontinuity and motion objects' artifacts are still challenging problems. Existing self-supervised methods usually utilize a single view to train the depth estimation network. Compared with static views, abundant dynamic properties between video frames are beneficial to refined depth estimation, especially for dynamic objects. In this work, we propose a novel self-supervised joint learning framework for depth estimation using consecutive frames from monocular and stereo videos. The main idea is using an implicit depth cue extractor which leverages dynamic and static cues to generate useful depth proposals. These cues can predict distinguishable motion contours and geometric scene structures. Furthermore, a new high-dimensional attention module is introduced to extract clear global transformation, which effectively suppresses uncertainty of local descriptors in high-dimensional space, resulting in a more reliable optimization in learning framework. Experiments demonstrate that the proposed framework outperforms the state-of-the-art(SOTA) on KITTI and Make3D datasets.      
### 17.Shallow Feature Based Dense Attention Network for Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09853.pdf)
>  While the performance of crowd counting via deep learning has been improved dramatically in the recent years, it remains an ingrained problem due to cluttered backgrounds and varying scales of people within an image. In this paper, we propose a Shallow feature based Dense Attention Network (SDANet) for crowd counting from still images, which diminishes the impact of backgrounds via involving a shallow feature based attention model, and meanwhile, captures multi-scale information via densely connecting hierarchical image features. Specifically, inspired by the observation that backgrounds and human crowds generally have noticeably different responses in shallow features, we decide to build our attention model upon shallow-feature maps, which results in accurate background-pixel detection. Moreover, considering that the most representative features of people across different scales can appear in different layers of a feature extraction network, to better keep them all, we propose to densely connect hierarchical image features of different layers and subsequently encode them for estimating crowd density. Experimental results on three benchmark datasets clearly demonstrate the superiority of SDANet when dealing with different scenarios. Particularly, on the challenging UCF CC 50 dataset, our method outperforms other existing methods by a large margin, as is evident from a remarkable 11.9% Mean Absolute Error (MAE) drop of our SDANet.      
### 18.Burst Photography for Learning to Enhance Extremely Dark Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09845.pdf)
>  Capturing images under extremely low-light conditions poses significant challenges for the standard camera pipeline. Images become too dark and too noisy, which makes traditional enhancement techniques almost impossible to apply. Recently, learning-based approaches have shown very promising results for this task since they have substantially more expressive capabilities to allow for improved quality. Motivated by these studies, in this paper, we aim to leverage burst photography to boost the performance and obtain much sharper and more accurate RGB images from extremely dark raw images. The backbone of our proposed framework is a novel coarse-to-fine network architecture that generates high-quality outputs progressively. The coarse network predicts a low-resolution, denoised raw image, which is then fed to the fine network to recover fine-scale details and realistic textures. To further reduce the noise level and improve the color accuracy, we extend this network to a permutation invariant structure so that it takes a burst of low-light images as input and merges information from multiple images at the feature-level. Our experiments demonstrate that our approach leads to perceptually more pleasing results than the state-of-the-art methods by producing more detailed and considerably higher quality images.      
### 19.Sketch-Guided Scenery Image Outpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09788.pdf)
>  The outpainting results produced by existing approaches are often too random to meet users' requirement. In this work, we take the image outpainting one step forward by allowing users to harvest personal custom outpainting results using sketches as the guidance. To this end, we propose an encoder-decoder based network to conduct sketch-guided outpainting, where two alignment modules are adopted to impose the generated content to be realistic and consistent with the provided sketches. First, we apply a holistic alignment module to make the synthesized part be similar to the real one from the global view. Second, we reversely produce the sketches from the synthesized part and encourage them be consistent with the ground-truth ones using a sketch alignment module. In this way, the learned generator will be imposed to pay more attention to fine details and be sensitive to the guiding sketches. To our knowledge, this work is the first attempt to explore the challenging yet meaningful conditional scenery image outpainting. We conduct extensive experiments on two collected benchmarks to qualitatively and quantitatively validate the effectiveness of our approach compared with the other state-of-the-art generative models.      
### 20.Self-supervised Knowledge Distillation for Few-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09785.pdf)
>  Real-world contains an overwhelmingly large number of object classes, learning all of which at once is infeasible. Few shot learning is a promising learning paradigm due to its ability to learn out of order distributions quickly with only a few samples. Recent works [7, 41] show that simply learning a good feature embedding can outperform more sophisticated meta-learning and metric learning algorithms for few-shot learning. In this paper, we propose a simple approach to improve the representation capacity of deep neural networks for few-shot learning tasks. We follow a two-stage learning process: First, we train a neural network to maximize the entropy of the feature embedding, thus creating an optimal output manifold using a self-supervised auxiliary loss. In the second stage, we minimize the entropy on feature embedding by bringing self-supervised twins together, while constraining the manifold with student-teacher distillation. Our experiments show that, even in the first stage, self-supervision can outperform current state-of-the-art methods, with further gains achieved by our second stage distillation process. Our codes are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/brjathu/SKD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.Mitosis Detection Under Limited Annotation: A Joint Learning Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09772.pdf)
>  Mitotic counting is a vital prognostic marker of tumor proliferation in breast cancer. Deep learning-based mitotic detection is on par with pathologists, but it requires large labeled data for training. We propose a deep classification framework for enhancing mitosis detection by leveraging class label information, via softmax loss, and spatial distribution information among samples, via distance metric learning. We also investigate strategies towards steadily providing informative samples to boost the learning. The efficacy of the proposed framework is established through evaluation on ICPR 2012 and AMIDA 2013 mitotic data. Our framework significantly improves the detection with small training data and achieves on par or superior performance compared to state-of-the-art methods for using the entire training data.      
### 22.Maximum Roaming Multi-Task Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09762.pdf)
>  Multi-task learning has gained popularity due to the advantages it provides with respect to resource usage and performance. Nonetheless, the joint optimization of parameters with respect to multiple tasks remains an active research topic. Sub-partitioning the parameters between different tasks has proven to be an efficient way to relax the optimization constraints over the shared weights, may the partitions be disjoint or overlapping. However, one drawback of this approach is that it can weaken the inductive bias generally set up by the joint task optimization. In this work, we present a novel way to partition the parameter space without weakening the inductive bias. Specifically, we propose Maximum Roaming, a method inspired by dropout that randomly varies the parameter partitioning, while forcing them to visit as many tasks as possible at a regulated frequency, so that the network fully adapts to each update. We study the properties of our method through experiments on a variety of visual multi-task data sets. Experimental results suggest that the regularization brought by roaming has more impact on performance than usual partitioning optimization strategies. The overall method is flexible, easily applicable, provides superior regularization and consistently achieves improved performances compared to recent multi-task learning formulations.      
### 23.Evaluation of 3D CNN Semantic Mapping for Rover Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09761.pdf)
>  Terrain assessment is a key aspect for autonomous exploration rovers, surrounding environment recognition is required for multiple purposes, such as optimal trajectory planning and autonomous target identification. In this work we present a technique to generate accurate three-dimensional semantic maps for Martian environment. The algorithm uses as input a stereo image acquired by a camera mounted on a rover. Firstly, images are labeled with DeepLabv3+, which is an encoder-decoder Convolutional Neural Networl (CNN). Then, the labels obtained by the semantic segmentation are combined to stereo depth-maps in a Voxel representation. We evaluate our approach on the ESA Katwijk Beach Planetary Rover Dataset.      
### 24.Probabilistic orientation estimation with matrix Fisher distributions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09740.pdf)
>  This paper focuses on estimating probability distributions over the set of 3D rotations ($SO(3)$) using deep neural networks. Learning to regress models to the set of rotations is inherently difficult due to differences in topology between $\mathbb{R}^N$ and $SO(3)$. We overcome this issue by using a neural network to output the parameters for a matrix Fisher distribution since these parameters are homeomorphic to $\mathbb{R}^9$. By using a negative log likelihood loss for this distribution we get a loss which is convex with respect to the network outputs. By optimizing this loss we improve state-of-the-art on several challenging applicable datasets, namely Pascal3D+, ModelNet10-$SO(3)$ and UPNA head pose.      
### 25.LRPD: Long Range 3D Pedestrian Detection Leveraging Specific Strengths of LiDAR and RGB  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09738.pdf)
>  While short range 3D pedestrian detection is sufficient for emergency breaking, long range detections are required for smooth breaking and gaining trust in autonomous vehicles. The current state-of-the-art on the KITTI benchmark performs suboptimal in detecting the position of pedestrians at long range. Thus, we propose an approach specifically targeting long range 3D pedestrian detection (LRPD), leveraging the density of RGB and the precision of LiDAR. Therefore, for proposals, RGB instance segmentation and LiDAR point based proposal generation are combined, followed by a second stage using both sensor modalities symmetrically. This leads to a significant improvement in mAP on long range compared to the current state-of-the art. The evaluation of our LRPD approach was done on the pedestrians from the KITTI benchmark.      
### 26.Adversarial Defense by Latent Style Transformations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09701.pdf)
>  Machine learning models have demonstrated vulnerability to adversarial attacks, more specifically misclassification of adversarial examples. <br>In this paper, we investigate an attack-agnostic defense against adversarial attacks on high-resolution images by detecting suspicious inputs. <br>The intuition behind our approach is that the essential characteristics of a normal image are generally consistent with non-essential style transformations, e.g., slightly changing the facial expression of human portraits. <br>In contrast, adversarial examples are generally sensitive to such transformations. <br>In our approach to detect adversarial instances, we propose an in\underline{V}ertible \underline{A}utoencoder based on the \underline{S}tyleGAN2 generator via \underline{A}dversarial training (VASA) to inverse images to disentangled latent codes that reveal hierarchical styles. <br>We then build a set of edited copies with non-essential style transformations by performing latent shifting and reconstruction, based on the correspondences between latent codes and style transformations. <br>The classification-based consistency of these edited copies is used to distinguish adversarial instances.      
### 27.3D Shape Reconstruction from Free-Hand Sketches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09694.pdf)
>  Sketches are the most abstract 2D representations of real-world objects. Although a sketch usually has geometrical distortion and lacks visual cues, humans can effortlessly envision a 3D object from it. This indicates that sketches encode the appropriate information to recover 3D shapes. Although great progress has been achieved in 3D reconstruction from distortion-free line drawings, such as CAD and edge maps, little effort has been made to reconstruct 3D shapes from free-hand sketches. We pioneer to study this task and aim to enhance the power of sketches in 3D-related applications such as interactive design and VR/AR games. Further, we propose an end-to-end sketch-based 3D reconstruction framework. Instead of well-used edge maps, synthesized sketches are adopted as training data. Additionally, we propose a sketch standardization module to handle different sketch styles and distortions. With extensive experiments, we demonstrate the effectiveness of our model and its strong generalizability to various free-hand sketches.      
### 28.A Real-time Action Representation with Temporal Encoding and Deep Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09675.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have achieved remarkable success for video-based action recognition. However, most of existing approaches cannot be deployed in practice due to the high computational cost. To address this challenge, we propose a new real-time convolutional architecture, called Temporal Convolutional 3D Network (T-C3D), for action representation. T-C3D learns video action representations in a hierarchical multi-granularity manner while obtaining a high process speed. Specifically, we propose a residual 3D Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) to capture complementary information on the appearance of a single frame and the motion between consecutive frames. Based on this CNN, we develop a new temporal encoding method to explore the temporal dynamics of the whole video. Furthermore, we integrate deep compression techniques with T-C3D to further accelerate the deployment of models via reducing the size of the model. By these means, heavy calculations can be avoided when doing the inference, which enables the method to deal with videos beyond real-time speed while keeping promising performance. Our method achieves clear improvements on UCF101 action recognition benchmark against state-of-the-art real-time methods by 5.4% in terms of accuracy and 2 times faster in terms of inference speed with a less than 5MB storage model. We validate our approach by studying its action representation performance on four different benchmarks over three different tasks. Extensive experiments demonstrate comparable recognition performance to the state-of-the-art methods. The source code and the pre-trained models are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tc3d" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.Revealing the Invisible with Model and Data Shrinking for Composite-database Micro-expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09674.pdf)
>  Composite-database micro-expression recognition is attracting increasing attention as it is more practical to real-world applications. Though the composite database provides more sample diversity for learning good representation models, the important subtle dynamics are prone to disappearing in the domain shift such that the models greatly degrade their performance, especially for deep models. In this paper, we analyze the influence of learning complexity, including the input complexity and model complexity, and discover that the lower-resolution input data and shallower-architecture model are helpful to ease the degradation of deep models in composite-database task. Based on this, we propose a recurrent convolutional network (RCN) to explore the shallower-architecture and lower-resolution input data, shrinking model and input complexities simultaneously. Furthermore, we develop three parameter-free modules (i.e., wide expansion, shortcut connection and attention unit) to integrate with RCN without increasing any learnable parameters. These three modules can enhance the representation ability in various perspectives while preserving not-very-deep architecture for lower-resolution data. Besides, three modules can further be combined by an automatic strategy (a neural architecture search strategy) and the searched architecture becomes more robust. Extensive experiments on MEGC2019 dataset (composited of existing SMIC, CASME II and SAMM datasets) have verified the influence of learning complexity and shown that RCNs with three modules and the searched combination outperform the state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 30.MetaSDF: Meta-learning Signed Distance Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09662.pdf)
>  Neural implicit shape representations are an emerging paradigm that offers many potential benefits over conventional discrete representations, including memory efficiency at a high spatial resolution. Generalizing across shapes with such neural implicit representations amounts to learning priors over the respective function space and enables geometry reconstruction from partial or noisy observations. Existing generalization methods rely on conditioning a neural network on a low-dimensional latent code that is either regressed by an encoder or jointly optimized in the auto-decoder framework. Here, we formalize learning of a shape space as a meta-learning problem and leverage gradient-based meta-learning algorithms to solve this task. We demonstrate that this approach performs on par with auto-decoder based approaches while being an order of magnitude faster at test-time inference. We further demonstrate that the proposed gradient-based method outperforms encoder-decoder based methods that leverage pooling-based set encoders.      
### 31.Implicit Neural Representations with Periodic Activation Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09661.pdf)
>  Implicitly defined, continuous, differentiable signal representations parameterized by neural networks have emerged as a powerful paradigm, offering many possible benefits over conventional representations. However, current network architectures for such implicit neural representations are incapable of modeling signals with fine detail, and fail to represent a signal's spatial and temporal derivatives, despite the fact that these are essential to many physical signals defined implicitly as the solution to partial differential equations. We propose to leverage periodic activation functions for implicit neural representations and demonstrate that these networks, dubbed sinusoidal representation networks or Sirens, are ideally suited for representing complex natural signals and their derivatives. We analyze Siren activation statistics to propose a principled initialization scheme and demonstrate the representation of images, wavefields, video, sound, and their derivatives. Further, we show how Sirens can be leveraged to solve challenging boundary value problems, such as particular Eikonal equations (yielding signed distance functions), the Poisson equation, and the Helmholtz and wave equations. Lastly, we combine Sirens with hypernetworks to learn priors over the space of Siren functions.      
### 32.Self-Supervised Representation Learning for Visual Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09654.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning allows for better utilization of unlabelled data. The feature representation obtained by self-supervision can be used in downstream tasks such as classification, object detection, segmentation, and anomaly detection. While classification, object detection, and segmentation have been investigated with self-supervised learning, anomaly detection needs more attention. We consider the problem of anomaly detection in images and videos, and present a new visual anomaly detection technique for videos. Numerous seminal and state-of-the-art self-supervised methods are evaluated for anomaly detection on a variety of image datasets. The best performing image-based self-supervised representation learning method is then used for video anomaly detection to see the importance of spatial features in visual anomaly detection in videos. We also propose a simple self-supervision approach for learning temporal coherence across video frames without the use of any optical flow information. At its core, our method identifies the frame indices of a jumbled video sequence allowing it to learn the spatiotemporal features of the video. This intuitive approach shows superior performance of visual anomaly detection compared to numerous methods for images and videos on UCF101 and ILSVRC2015 video datasets.      
### 33.Learning Visual Commonsense for Robust Scene Graph Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09623.pdf)
>  Scene graph generation models understand the scene through object and predicate recognition, but are prone to mistakes due to the challenges of perception in the wild. Perception errors often lead to nonsensical compositions in the output scene graph, which do not follow real-world rules and patterns, and can be corrected using commonsense knowledge. We propose the first method to acquire visual commonsense such as affordance and intuitive physics automatically from data, and use that to enhance scene graph generation. To this end, we extend transformers to incorporate the structure of scene graphs, and train our Global-Local Attention Transformer on a scene graph corpus. Once trained, our commonsense model can be applied on any perception model and correct its obvious mistakes, resulting in a more commonsensical scene graph. We show the proposed model learns commonsense better than any alternative, and improves the accuracy of any scene graph generation model. Nevertheless, strong disproportions in real-world datasets could bias commonsense to miscorrect already confident perceptions. We address this problem by devising a fusion module that compares predictions made by the perception and commonsense models, and the confidence of each, to make a hybrid decision. Our full model learns commonsense and knows when to use it, which is shown effective through experiments, resulting in a new state of the art.      
### 34.Multi-Subspace Neural Network for Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09618.pdf)
>  In image classification task, feature extraction is always a big issue. Intra-class variability increases the difficulty in designing the extractors. Furthermore, hand-crafted feature extractor cannot simply adapt new situation. Recently, deep learning has drawn lots of attention on automatically learning features from data. In this study, we proposed multi-subspace neural network (MSNN) which integrates key components of the convolutional neural network (CNN), receptive field, with subspace concept. Associating subspace with the deep network is a novel designing, providing various viewpoints of data. Basis vectors, trained by adaptive subspace self-organization map (ASSOM) span the subspace, serve as a transfer function to access axial components and define the receptive field to extract basic patterns of data without distorting the topology in the visual task. Moreover, the multiple-subspace strategy is implemented as parallel blocks to adapt real-world data and contribute various interpretations of data hoping to be more robust dealing with intra-class variability issues. To this end, handwritten digit and object image datasets (i.e., MNIST and COIL-20) for classification are employed to validate the proposed MSNN architecture. Experimental results show MSNN is competitive to other state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 35.Learning Sparse Masks for Efficient Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09603.pdf)
>  Current CNN-based super-resolution (SR) methods process all locations equally with computational resources being uniformly assigned in space. However, since highfrequency details mainly lie around edges and textures, less computational resources are required for those flat regions. Therefore, existing CNN-based methods involve much redundant computation in flat regions, which increases their computational cost and limits the applications on mobile devices. To address this limitation, we develop an SR network (SMSR) to learn sparse masks to prune redundant computation conditioned on the input image. Within our SMSR, spatial masks learn to identify "important" locations while channel masks learn to mark redundant channels in those "unimportant" regions. Consequently, redundant computation can be accurately located and skipped while maintaining comparable performance. It is demonstrated that our SMSR achieves state-of-the-art performance with 41%/33%/27% FLOPs being reduced for x2/3/4 SR.      
### 36.Cross-Correlated Attention Networks for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09597.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks need to make robust inference in the presence of occlusion, background clutter, pose and viewpoint variations -- to name a few -- when the task of person re-identification is considered. Attention mechanisms have recently proven to be successful in handling the aforementioned challenges to some degree. However previous designs fail to capture inherent inter-dependencies between the attended features; leading to restricted interactions between the attention blocks. In this paper, we propose a new attention module called Cross-Correlated Attention (CCA); which aims to overcome such limitations by maximizing the information gain between different attended regions. Moreover, we also propose a novel deep network that makes use of different attention mechanisms to learn robust and discriminative representations of person images. The resulting model is called the Cross-Correlated Attention Network (CCAN). Extensive experiments demonstrate that the CCAN comfortably outperforms current state-of-the-art algorithms by a tangible margin.      
### 37.Mining Label Distribution Drift in Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09565.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation targets to transfer task knowledge from labeled source domain to related yet unlabeled target domain, and is catching extensive interests from academic and industrial areas. Although tremendous efforts along this direction have been made to minimize the domain divergence, unfortunately, most of existing methods only manage part of the picture by aligning feature representations from different domains. Beyond the discrepancy in feature space, the gap between known source label and unknown target label distribution, recognized as label distribution drift, is another crucial factor raising domain divergence, and has not been paid enough attention and well explored. From this point, in this paper, we first experimentally reveal how label distribution drift brings negative effects on current domain adaptation methods. Next, we propose Label distribution Matching Domain Adversarial Network (LMDAN) to handle data distribution shift and label distribution drift jointly. In LMDAN, label distribution drift problem is addressed by the proposed source samples weighting strategy, which select samples to contribute to positive adaptation and avoid negative effects brought by the mismatched in label distribution. Finally, different from general domain adaptation experiments, we modify domain adaptation datasets to create the considerable label distribution drift between source and target domain. Numerical results and empirical model analysis show that LMDAN delivers superior performance compared to other state-of-the-art domain adaptation methods under such scenarios.      
### 38.Explanation-based Weakly-supervised Learning of Visual Relations with Graph Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09562.pdf)
>  Visual relationship detection is fundamental for holistic image understanding. However, localizing and classifying (subject, predicate, object) triplets constitutes a hard learning objective due to the combinatorial explosion of possible relationships, their long-tail distribution in natural images, and an expensive annotation process. This paper introduces a novel weakly-supervised method for visual relationship detection that relies only on image-level predicate annotations. A graph neural network is trained to classify the predicates in an image from the graph representation of all objects, implicitly encoding an inductive bias for pairwise relationships. We then frame relationship detection as the explanation of such a predicate classifier, i.e. we reconstruct a complete relationship by recovering the subject and the object of a predicted predicate. Using this novel technique and minimal labels, we present comparable results to recent fully-supervised and weakly-supervised methods on three diverse and challenging datasets: HICO-DET for human-object interaction, Visual Relationship Detection for generic object-to-object relationships, and UnRel for unusual relationships.      
### 39.Visual Chirality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09512.pdf)
>  How can we tell whether an image has been mirrored? While we understand the geometry of mirror reflections very well, less has been said about how it affects distributions of imagery at scale, despite widespread use for data augmentation in computer vision. In this paper, we investigate how the statistics of visual data are changed by reflection. We refer to these changes as "visual chirality", after the concept of geometric chirality - the notion of objects that are distinct from their mirror image. Our analysis of visual chirality reveals surprising results, including low-level chiral signals pervading imagery stemming from image processing in cameras, to the ability to discover visual chirality in images of people and faces. Our work has implications for data augmentation, self-supervised learning, and image forensics.      
### 40.A generalizable saliency map-based interpretation of model outcome  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09504.pdf)
>  One of the significant challenges of deep neural networks is that the complex nature of the network prevents human comprehension of the outcome of the network. Consequently, the applicability of complex machine learning models is limited in the safety-critical domains, which incurs risk to life and property. To fully exploit the capabilities of complex neural networks, we propose a non-intrusive interpretability technique that uses the input and output of the model to generate a saliency map. The method works by empirically optimizing a randomly initialized input mask by localizing and weighing individual pixels according to their sensitivity towards the target class. Our experiments show that the proposed model interpretability approach performs better than the existing saliency map-based approaches methods at localizing the relevant input pixels. <br>Furthermore, to obtain a global perspective on the target-specific explanation, we propose a saliency map reconstruction approach to generate acceptable variations of the salient inputs from the space of input data distribution for which the model outcome remains unaltered. Experiments show that our interpretability method can reconstruct the salient part of the input with a classification accuracy of 89%.      
### 41.On the Inference of Soft Biometrics from Typing Patterns Collected in a Multi-device Environment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09501.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the inference of gender, major/minor (computer science, non-computer science), typing style, age, and height from the typing patterns collected from 117 individuals in a multi-device environment. The inference of the first three identifiers was considered as classification tasks, while the rest as regression tasks. For classification tasks, we benchmark the performance of six classical machine learning (ML) and four deep learning (DL) classifiers. On the other hand, for regression tasks, we evaluated three ML and four DL-based regressors. The overall experiment consisted of two text-entry (free and fixed) and four device (Desktop, Tablet, Phone, and Combined) configurations. The best arrangements achieved accuracies of 96.15%, 93.02%, and 87.80% for typing style, gender, and major/minor, respectively, and mean absolute errors of 1.77 years and 2.65 inches for age and height, respectively. The results are promising considering the variety of application scenarios that we have listed in this work.      
### 42.Intriguing generalization and simplicity of adversarially trained neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09373.pdf)
>  Adversarial training has been the topic of dozens of studies and a leading method for defending against adversarial attacks. Yet, it remains unknown (a) how adversarially-trained classifiers (a.k.a "robust" classifiers) generalize to new types of out-of-distribution examples; and (b) what hidden representations were learned by robust networks. In this paper, we perform a thorough, systematic study to answer these two questions on AlexNet, GoogLeNet, and ResNet-50 trained on ImageNet. While robust models often perform on-par or worse than standard models on unseen distorted, texture-preserving images (e.g. blurred), they are consistently more accurate on texture-less images (i.e. silhouettes and stylized). That is, robust models rely heavily on shapes, in stark contrast to the strong texture bias in standard ImageNet classifiers (Geirhos et al. 2018). Remarkably, adversarial training causes three significant shifts in the functions of hidden neurons. That is, each convolutional neuron often changes to (1) detect pixel-wise smoother patterns; (2) detect more lower-level features i.e. textures and colors (instead of objects); and (3) be simpler in terms of complexity i.e. detecting more limited sets of concepts.      
### 43.Big Self-Supervised Models are Strong Semi-Supervised Learners  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.10029.pdf)
>  One paradigm for learning from few labeled examples while making best use of a large amount of unlabeled data is unsupervised pretraining followed by supervised fine-tuning. Although this paradigm uses unlabeled data in a task-agnostic way, in contrast to most previous approaches to semi-supervised learning for computer vision, we show that it is surprisingly effective for semi-supervised learning on ImageNet. A key ingredient of our approach is the use of a big (deep and wide) network during pretraining and fine-tuning. We find that, the fewer the labels, the more this approach (task-agnostic use of unlabeled data) benefits from a bigger network. After fine-tuning, the big network can be further improved and distilled into a much smaller one with little loss in classification accuracy by using the unlabeled examples for a second time, but in a task-specific way. The proposed semi-supervised learning algorithm can be summarized in three steps: unsupervised pretraining of a big ResNet model using SimCLRv2 (a modification of SimCLR), supervised fine-tuning on a few labeled examples, and distillation with unlabeled examples for refining and transferring the task-specific knowledge. This procedure achieves 73.9\% ImageNet top-1 accuracy with just 1\% of the labels ($\le$13 labeled images per class) using ResNet-50, a $10\times$ improvement in label efficiency over the previous state-of-the-art. With 10\% of labels, ResNet-50 trained with our method achieves 77.5\% top-1 accuracy, outperforming standard supervised training with all of the labels.      
### 44.Universal Lower-Bounds on Classification Error under Adversarial Attacks and Random Corruption  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09989.pdf)
>  We theoretically analyse the limits of robustness to test-time adversarial and noisy examples in classification. Our work focuses on deriving bounds which uniformly apply to all classifiers (i.e all measurable functions from features to labels) for a given problem. Our contributions are three-fold. (1) In the classical framework of adversarial attacks, we use optimal transport theory to derive variational formulae for the Bayes-optimal error a classifier can make on a given classification problem, subject to adversarial attacks. The optimal adversarial attack is then an optimal transport plan for a certain binary cost-function induced by the specific attack model, and can be computed via a simple algorithm based on maximal matching on bipartite graphs. (2) We derive explicit lower-bounds on the Bayes-optimal error in the case of the popular distance-based attacks. These bounds are universal in the sense that they depend on the geometry of the class-conditional distributions of the data, but not on a particular classifier. Our results are in sharp contrast with the existing literature, wherein adversarial vulnerability of classifiers is derived as a consequence of nonzero ordinary test error. (3) For our third contribution, we study robustness to random noise corruption, wherein the attacker (or nature) is allowed to inject random noise into examples at test time. We establish nonlinear data-processing inequalities induced by such corruptions, and use them to obtain lower-bounds on the Bayes-optimal error for noisy problem.      
### 45.Multilevel Image Thresholding Using a Fully Informed Cuckoo Search Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09987.pdf)
>  Though effective in the segmentation, conventional multilevel thresholding methods are computationally expensive as exhaustive search are used for optimal thresholds to optimize the objective functions. To overcome this problem, population-based metaheuristic algorithms are widely used to improve the searching capacity. In this paper, we improve a popular metaheuristic called cuckoo search using a ring topology based fully informed strategy. In this strategy, each individual in the population learns from its neighborhoods to improve the cooperation of the population and the learning efficiency. Best solution or best fitness value can be obtained from the initial random threshold values, whose quality is evaluated by the correlation function. Experimental results have been examined on various numbers of thresholds. The results demonstrate that the proposed algorithm is more accurate and efficient than other four popular methods.      
### 46.High-Fidelity Generative Image Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09965.pdf)
>  We extensively study how to combine Generative Adversarial Networks and learned compression to obtain a state-of-the-art generative lossy compression system. In particular, we investigate normalization layers, generator and discriminator architectures, training strategies, as well as perceptual losses. In contrast to previous work, i) we obtain visually pleasing reconstructions that are perceptually similar to the input, ii) we operate in a broad range of bitrates, and iii) our approach can be applied to high-resolution images. We bridge the gap between rate-distortion-perception theory and practice by evaluating our approach both quantitatively with various perceptual metrics and a user study. The study shows that our method is preferred to previous approaches even if they use more than 2x the bitrate.      
### 47.Universally Quantized Neural Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09952.pdf)
>  A popular approach to learning encoders for lossy compression is to use additive uniform noise during training as a differentiable approximation to test-time quantization. We demonstrate that a uniform noise channel can also be implemented at test time using universal quantization (Ziv, 1985). This allows us to eliminate the mismatch between training and test phases while maintaining a completely differentiable loss function. Implementing the uniform noise channel is a special case of a more general problem to communicate a sample, which we prove is computationally hard if we do not make assumptions about its distribution. However, the uniform special case is efficient as well as easy to implement and thus of great interest from a practical point of view. Finally, we show that quantization can be obtained as a limiting case of a soft quantizer applied to the uniform noise channel, bridging compression with and without quantization.      
### 48.CoSE: Compositional Stroke Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09930.pdf)
>  We present a generative model for stroke-based drawing tasks which is able to model complex free-form structures. While previous approaches rely on sequence-based models for drawings of basic objects or handwritten text, we propose a model that treats drawings as a collection of strokes that can be composed into complex structures such as diagrams (e.g., flow-charts). At the core of the approach lies a novel auto-encoder that projects variable-length strokes into a latent space of fixed dimension. This representation space allows a relational model, operating in latent space, to better capture the relationship between strokes and to predict subsequent strokes. We demonstrate qualitatively and quantitatively that our proposed approach is able to model the appearance of individual strokes, as well as the compositional structure of larger diagram drawings. Our approach is suitable for interactive use cases such as auto-completing diagrams.      
### 49.Learning Colour Representations of Search Queries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09904.pdf)
>  Image search engines rely on appropriately designed ranking features that capture various aspects of the content semantics as well as the historic popularity. In this work, we consider the role of colour in this relevance matching process. Our work is motivated by the observation that a significant fraction of user queries have an inherent colour associated with them. While some queries contain explicit colour mentions (such as 'black car' and 'yellow daisies'), other queries have implicit notions of colour (such as 'sky' and 'grass'). Furthermore, grounding queries in colour is not a mapping to a single colour, but a distribution in colour space. For instance, a search for 'trees' tends to have a bimodal distribution around the colours green and brown. We leverage historical clickthrough data to produce a colour representation for search queries and propose a recurrent neural network architecture to encode unseen queries into colour space. We also show how this embedding can be learnt alongside a cross-modal relevance ranker from impression logs where a subset of the result images were clicked. We demonstrate that the use of a query-image colour distance feature leads to an improvement in the ranker performance as measured by users' preferences of clicked versus skipped images.      
### 50.Intelligent Protection &amp; Classification of Transients in Two-Core Symmetric Phase Angle Regulating Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09865.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the applicability of time and time-frequency features based classifiers to distinguish internal faults and other transients - magnetizing inrush, sympathetic inrush, external faults with current transformer saturation, and overexcitation - for Indirect Symmetrical Phase Angle Regulating Transformers (ISPAR). Then the faulty transformer unit (series/exciting) of the ISPAR is located, or else the transient disturbance is identified. An event detector detects variation in differential currents and registers one-cycle of 3-phase post transient samples which are used to extract the time and time-frequency features for training seven classifiers. Three different sets of features - wavelet coefficients, time-domain features, and combination of time and wavelet energy - obtained from exhaustive search using Decision Tree, random forest feature selection, and maximum Relevance Minimum Redundancy are used. The internal fault is detected with a balanced accuracy of 99.9%, the faulty unit is localized with balanced accuracy of 98.7% and the no-fault transients are classified with balanced accuracy of 99.5%. The results show potential for accurate internal fault detection and localization, and transient identification. The proposed scheme can supervise the operation of existing microprocessor-based differential relays resulting in higher stability and dependability. The ISPAR is modeled and the transients are simulated in PSCAD/EMTDC by varying several parameters.      
### 51.Optimizing Grouped Convolutions on Edge Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09791.pdf)
>  When deploying a deep neural network on constrained hardware, it is possible to replace the network's standard convolutions with grouped convolutions. This allows for substantial memory savings with minimal loss of accuracy. However, current implementations of grouped convolutions in modern deep learning frameworks are far from performing optimally in terms of speed. In this paper we propose Grouped Spatial Pack Convolutions (GSPC), a new implementation of grouped convolutions that outperforms existing solutions. We implement GSPC in TVM, which provides state-of-the-art performance on edge devices. We analyze a set of networks utilizing different types of grouped convolutions and evaluate their performance in terms of inference time on several edge devices. We observe that our new implementation scales well with the number of groups and provides the best inference times in all settings, improving the existing implementations of grouped convolutions in TVM, PyTorch and TensorFlow Lite by 3.4x, 8x and 4x on average respectively. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gecLAB/tvm-GSPC/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 52.Neural Anisotropy Directions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09717.pdf)
>  In this work, we analyze the role of the network architecture in shaping the inductive bias of deep classifiers. To that end, we start by focusing on a very simple problem, i.e., classifying a class of linearly separable distributions, and show that, depending on the direction of the discriminative feature of the distribution, many state-of-the-art deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have a surprisingly hard time solving this simple task. We then define as neural anisotropy directions (NADs) the vectors that encapsulate the directional inductive bias of an architecture. These vectors, which are specific for each architecture and hence act as a signature, encode the preference of a network to separate the input data based on some particular features. We provide an efficient method to identify NADs for several CNN architectures and thus reveal their directional inductive biases. Furthermore, we show that, for the CIFAR-10 dataset, NADs characterize features used by CNNs to discriminate between different classes.      
### 53.StatAssist &amp; GradBoost: A Study on Optimal INT8 Quantization-aware Training from Scratch  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09679.pdf)
>  This paper studies the scratch training of quantization-aware training (QAT), which has been applied to the lossless conversion of lower-bit, especially for INT8 quantization. Due to its training instability, QAT have required a full-precision (FP) pre-trained weight for fine-tuning and the performance is bound to the original FP model with floating-point computations. Here, we propose critical but straightforward optimization methods which enable the scratch training: floating-point statistic assisting (StatAssist) and stochastic-gradient boosting (GradBoost). We discovered that, first, the scratch QAT get comparable and often surpasses the performance of the floating-point counterpart without any help of the pre-trained model, especially when the model becomes complicated.We also show that our method can even train the minimax generation loss, which is very unstable and hence difficult to apply QAT fine-tuning. From extent experiments, we show that our method successfully enables QAT to train various deep models from scratch: classification, object detection, semantic segmentation, and style transfer, with comparable or often better performance than their FP baselines.      
### 54.Visor: Privacy-Preserving Video Analytics as a Cloud Service  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09628.pdf)
>  Video-analytics-as-a-service is becoming an important offering for cloud providers. A key concern in such services is the privacy of the videos being analyzed. While trusted execution environments (TEEs) are promising options for preventing the direct leakage of private video content, they remain vulnerable to side-channel attacks. We present Visor, a system that provides confidentiality for the user's video stream as well as the ML models in the presence of a compromised cloud platform and untrusted co-tenants. Visor executes video pipelines in a hybrid TEE that spans both the CPU and GPU enclaves. It protects against any side-channel attack induced by data-dependent access patterns of video modules, and also protects the CPU-GPU communication channel. Visor is up to $1000\times$ faster than nave oblivious solutions, and its overheads relative to a non-oblivious baseline are limited to $2\times$--$6\times$.      
### 55.On sparse connectivity, adversarial robustness, and a novel model of the artificial neuron  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09510.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have achieved human-level accuracy on almost all perceptual benchmarks. It is interesting that these advances were made using two ideas that are decades old: (a) an artificial neuron based on a linear summator and (b) SGD training. <br>However, there are important metrics beyond accuracy: computational efficiency and stability against adversarial perturbations. In this paper, we propose two closely connected methods to improve these metrics on contour recognition tasks: (a) a novel model of an artificial neuron, a "strong neuron," with low hardware requirements and inherent robustness against adversarial perturbations and (b) a novel constructive training algorithm that generates sparse networks with $O(1)$ connections per neuron. <br>We demonstrate the feasibility of our approach through experiments on SVHN and GTSRB benchmarks. We achieved an impressive 10x-100x reduction in operations count (10x when compared with other sparsification approaches, 100x when compared with dense networks) and a substantial reduction in hardware requirements (8-bit fixed-point math was used) with no reduction in model accuracy. Superior stability against adversarial perturbations (exceeding that of adversarial training) was achieved without any counteradversarial measures, relying on the robustness of strong neurons alone. We also proved that constituent blocks of our strong neuron are the only activation functions with perfect stability against adversarial attacks.      
### 56.Interpretable multimodal fusion networks reveal mechanisms of brain cognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09454.pdf)
>  Multimodal fusion benefits disease diagnosis by providing a more comprehensive perspective. Developing algorithms is challenging due to data heterogeneity and the complex within- and between-modality associations. Deep-network-based data-fusion models have been developed to capture the complex associations and the performance in diagnosis has been improved accordingly. Moving beyond diagnosis prediction, evaluation of disease mechanisms is critically important for biomedical research. Deep-network-based data-fusion models, however, are difficult to interpret, bringing about difficulties for studying biological mechanisms. In this work, we develop an interpretable multimodal fusion model, namely gCAM-CCL, which can perform automated diagnosis and result interpretation simultaneously. The gCAM-CCL model can generate interpretable activation maps, which quantify pixel-level contributions of the input features. This is achieved by combining intermediate feature maps using gradient-based weights. Moreover, the estimated activation maps are class-specific, and the captured cross-data associations are interest/label related, which further facilitates class-specific analysis and biological mechanism analysis. We validate the gCAM-CCL model on a brain imaging-genetic study, and show gCAM-CCL's performed well for both classification and mechanism analysis. Mechanism analysis suggests that during task-fMRI scans, several object recognition related regions of interests (ROIs) are first activated and then several downstream encoding ROIs get involved. Results also suggest that the higher cognition performing group may have stronger neurotransmission signaling while the lower cognition performing group may have problem in brain/neuron development, resulting from genetic variations.      
### 57.Noise2Inpaint: Learning Referenceless Denoising by Inpainting Unrolling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09450.pdf)
>  Deep learning based image denoising methods have been recently popular due to their improved performance. Traditionally, these methods are trained in a supervised manner, requiring a set of noisy input and clean target image pairs. More recently, self-supervised approaches have been proposed to learn denoising from noisy images only, without requiring clean ground truth during training. Succinctly, these methods assume that an image pixel is correlated with its neighboring pixels, while the noise is independent. In this work, building on these approaches and recent methods from image reconstruction, we introduce Noise2Inpaint (N2I), a training approach that recasts the denoising problem into a regularized image inpainting framework. This allows us to use an objective function, which can incorporate different statistical properties of the noise as needed. We use algorithm unrolling to unroll an iterative optimization for solving this objective function and train the unrolled network end-to-end. The training is self-supervised without requiring clean target images, where pixels in the noisy image are split into two disjoint sets. One of these is used to impose data fidelity in the unrolled network, while the other one defines the loss. We demonstrate that N2I performs successful denoising on real-world datasets, while preserving better details compared to its self-supervised counterpart Noise2Void.      
