# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 7 Jan 2020
### 1.Deep Snake for Real-Time Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01629.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a novel contour-based approach named deep snake for real-time instance segmentation. Unlike some recent methods that directly regress the coordinates of the object boundary points from an image, deep snake uses a neural network to iteratively deform an initial contour to the object boundary, which implements the classic idea of snake algorithms with a learning-based approach. For structured feature learning on the contour, we propose to use circular convolution in deep snake, which better exploits the cycle-graph structure of a contour compared against generic graph convolution. Based on deep snake, we develop a two-stage pipeline for instance segmentation: initial contour proposal and contour deformation, which can handle errors in initial object localization. Experiments show that the proposed approach achieves state-of-the-art performances on the Cityscapes, Kins and Sbd datasets while being efficient for real-time instance segmentation, 32.3 fps for 512$\times$512 images on a 1080Ti GPU. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zju3dv/snake/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 2.Chained Representation Cycling: Learning to Estimate 3D Human Pose and Shape by Cycling Between Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01613.pdf)
>  The goal of many computer vision systems is to transform image pixels into 3D representations. Recent popular models use neural networks to regress directly from pixels to 3D object parameters. Such an approach works well when supervision is available, but in problems like human pose and shape estimation, it is difficult to obtain natural images with 3D ground truth. To go one step further, we propose a new architecture that facilitates unsupervised, or lightly supervised, learning. The idea is to break the problem into a series of transformations between increasingly abstract representations. Each step involves a cycle designed to be learnable without annotated training data, and the chain of cycles delivers the final solution. Specifically, we use 2D body part segments as an intermediate representation that contains enough information to be lifted to 3D, and at the same time is simple enough to be learned in an unsupervised way. We demonstrate the method by learning 3D human pose and shape from un-paired and un-annotated images. We also explore varying amounts of paired data and show that cycling greatly alleviates the need for paired data. While we present results for modeling humans, our formulation is general and can be applied to other vision problems. 
### 3.Few-shot Learning with Multi-scale Self-supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01600.pdf)
>  Learning concepts from the limited number of datapoints is a challenging task usually addressed by the so-called one- or few-shot learning. Recently, an application of second-order pooling in few-shot learning demonstrated its superior performance due to the aggregation step handling varying image resolutions without the need of modifying CNNs to fit to specific image sizes, yet capturing highly descriptive co-occurrences. However, using a single resolution per image (even if the resolution varies across a dataset) is suboptimal as the importance of image contents varies across the coarse-to-fine levels depending on the object and its class label e. g., generic objects and scenes rely on their global appearance while fine-grained objects rely more on their localized texture patterns. Multi-scale representations are popular in image deblurring, super-resolution and image recognition but they have not been investigated in few-shot learning due to its relational nature complicating the use of standard techniques. In this paper, we propose a novel multi-scale relation network based on the properties of second-order pooling to estimate image relations in few-shot setting. To optimize the model, we leverage a scale selector to re-weight scale-wise representations based on their second-order features. Furthermore, we propose to a apply self-supervised scale prediction. Specifically, we leverage an extra discriminator to predict the scale labels and the scale discrepancy between pairs of images. Our model achieves state-of-the-art results on standard few-shot learning datasets. 
### 4.Multi-scale domain-adversarial multiple-instance CNN for cancer subtype classification with non-annotated histopathological images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01599.pdf)
>  We propose a new method for cancer subtype classification from histopathological images, which can automatically detect tumor-specific features in a given whole slide image (WSI). The cancer subtype should be classified by referring to a WSI, i.e., a large size image (typically 40,000x40,000 pixels) of an entire pathological tissue slide, which consists of cancer and non-cancer portions. One difficulty for constructing cancer subtype classifiers comes from the high cost needed for annotating WSIs; without annotation, we have to construct the tumor region detector without knowing true labels. Furthermore, both global and local image features must be extracted from the WSI by changing the magnifications of the image. In addition, the image features should be stably detected against the variety/difference of staining among the hospitals/specimen. In this paper, we develop a new CNN-based cancer subtype classification method by effectively combining multiple-instance, domain adversarial, and multi-scale learning frameworks that can overcome these practical difficulties. When the proposed method was applied to malignant lymphoma subtype classifications of 196 cases collected from multiple hospitals, the classification performance was significantly better than the standard CNN or other conventional methods, and the accuracy was favorably compared to that of standard pathologists. In addition, we confirmed by immunostaining and expert pathologist's visual inspections that the tumor regions were correctly detected. 
### 5.Hyperspectral Super-Resolution via Coupled Tensor Ring Factorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01547.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral super-resolution (HSR) fuses a low-resolution hyperspectral image (HSI) and a high-resolution multispectral image (MSI) to obtain a high-resolution HSI (HR-HSI). In this paper, we propose a new model, named coupled tensor ring factorization (CTRF), for HSR. The proposed CTRF approach simultaneously learns high spectral resolution core tensor from the HSI and high spatial resolution core tensors from the MSI, and reconstructs the HR-HSI via tensor ring (TR) representation (Figure~\ref{fig:framework}). The CTRF model can separately exploit the low-rank property of each class (Section \ref{sec:analysis}), which has been never explored in the previous coupled tensor model. Meanwhile, it inherits the simple representation of coupled matrix/CP factorization and flexible low-rank exploration of coupled Tucker factorization. <br>Guided by Theorem~\ref{th:1}, we further propose a spectral nuclear norm regularization to explore the global spectral low-rank property. <br>The experiments have demonstrated the advantage of the proposed nuclear norm regularized CTRF (NCTRF) as compared to previous matrix/tensor and deep learning methods. 
### 6.Learning From Multiple Experts: Self-paced Knowledge Distillation for Long-tailed Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01536.pdf)
>  In real-world scenarios, data tends to exhibit a long-tailed, imbalanced distribution. Developing algorithms to deal with such long-tailed distribution thus becomes indispensable in practical applications. In this paper, we propose a novel self-paced knowledge distillation framework, termed Learning From Multiple Experts (LFME). Our method is inspired by the observation that deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) trained on less imbalanced subsets of the entire long-tailed distribution often yield better performances than their jointly-trained counterparts. We refer to these models as `Expert Models', and the proposed LFME framework aggregates the knowledge from multiple `Experts' to learn a unified student model. Specifically, the proposed framework involves two levels of self-paced learning schedules: Self-paced Expert Selection and Self-paced Instance Selection, so that the knowledge is adaptively transferred from multiple `Experts' to the `Student'. In order to verify the effectiveness of our proposed framework, we conduct extensive experiments on two long-tailed benchmark classification datasets. The experimental results demonstrate that our method is able to achieve superior performances compared to the state-of-the-art methods. We also show that our method can be easily plugged into state-of-the-art long-tailed classification algorithms for further improvements. 
### 7.Mutual Mean-Teaching: Pseudo Label Refinery for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation on Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01526.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (re-ID) aims at identifying the same persons' images across different cameras. However, domain diversities between different datasets pose an evident challenge for adapting the re-ID model trained on one dataset to another one. State-of-the-art unsupervised domain adaptation methods for person re-ID transferred the learned knowledge from the source domain by optimizing with pseudo labels created by clustering algorithms on the target domain. Although they achieved state-of-the-art performances, the inevitable label noise caused by the clustering procedure was ignored. Such noisy pseudo labels substantially hinders the model's capability on further improving feature representations on the target domain. In order to mitigate the effects of noisy pseudo labels, we propose to softly refine the pseudo labels in the target domain by proposing an unsupervised framework, Mutual Mean-Teaching (MMT), to learn better features from the target domain via off-line refined hard pseudo labels and on-line refined soft pseudo labels in an alternative training manner. In addition, the common practice is to adopt both the classification loss and the triplet loss jointly for achieving optimal performances in person re-ID models. However, conventional triplet loss cannot work with softly refined labels. To solve this problem, a novel soft softmax-triplet loss is proposed to support learning with soft pseudo triplet labels for achieving the optimal domain adaptation performance. The proposed MMT framework achieves considerable improvements of 14.4%, 18.2%, 13.1% and 16.4% mAP on Market-to-Duke, Duke-to-Market, Market-to-MSMT and Duke-to-MSMT unsupervised domain adaptation tasks. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yxgeee/MMT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 8.Deceiving Image-to-Image Translation Networks for Autonomous Driving with Adversarial Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01506.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have achieved impressive performance on handling computer vision problems, however, it has been found that DNNs are vulnerable to adversarial examples. For such reason, adversarial perturbations have been recently studied in several respects. However, most previous works have focused on image classification tasks, and it has never been studied regarding adversarial perturbations on Image-to-image (Im2Im) translation tasks, showing great success in handling paired and/or unpaired mapping problems in the field of autonomous driving and robotics. This paper examines different types of adversarial perturbations that can fool Im2Im frameworks for autonomous driving purpose. We propose both quasi-physical and digital adversarial perturbations that can make Im2Im models yield unexpected results. We then empirically analyze these perturbations and show that they generalize well under both paired for image synthesis and unpaired settings for style transfer. We also validate that there exist some perturbation thresholds over which the Im2Im mapping is disrupted or impossible. The existence of these perturbations reveals that there exist crucial weaknesses in Im2Im models. Lastly, we show that our methods illustrate how perturbations affect the quality of outputs, pioneering the improvement of the robustness of current SOTA networks for autonomous driving. 
### 9.Facial Emotions Recognition using Convolutional Neural Net  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01456.pdf)
>  Human beings displays their emotions using facial expressions. For human it is very easy to recognize those emotions but for computer it is very challenging. Facial expressions vary from person to person. Brightness, contrast and resolution of every random image is different. This is why recognizing facial expression is very difficult. The facial expression recognition is an active research area. In this project, we worked on recognition of seven basic human emotions. These emotions are angry, disgust, fear, happy, sad, surprise and neutral. Every image was first passed through face detection algorithm to include it in train dataset. As CNN requires large amount of data so we duplicated our data using various filter on each image. The system is trained using CNN architecture. Preprocessed images of size 80*100 is passed as input to the first layer of CNN. Three convolutional layers were used, each of which was followed by a pooling layer and then three dense layers. The dropout rate for dense layer was 20%. The model was trained by combination of two publicly available datasets JAFFED and KDEF. 90% of the data was used for training while 10% was used for testing. We achieved maximum accuracy of 78% using combined dataset. 
### 10.CAE-LO: LiDAR Odometry Leveraging Fully Unsupervised Convolutional Auto-Encoder for Interest Point Detection and Feature Description  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01354.pdf)
>  As an important technology in 3D mapping, autonomous driving, and robot navigation, LiDAR odometry is still a challenging task. Utilizing compact 2D structured spherical ring projection model and voxel model which preserves the original shape of input data, we propose a fully unsupervised Convolutional Auto-Encoder based LiDAR Odometry (CAE-LO) that detects interest points from spherical ring data using 2D CAE and extracts features from multi-resolution voxel model using 3D CAE. We make several key contributions: 1) experiments based on KITTI dataset show that our interest points can capture more local details to improve the matching success rate on unstructured scenarios and our features outperform state-of-the-art by more than 50% in matching inlier ratio; 2) besides, we also propose a keyframe selection method based on matching pairs transferring, an odometry refinement method for keyframes based on extended interest points from spherical rings, and a backward pose update method. The odometry refinement experiments verify the proposed ideas' feasibility and effectiveness. 
### 11.Learning and Memorizing Representative Prototypes for 3D Point Cloud Semantic and Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01349.pdf)
>  3D point cloud semantic and instance segmentation is crucial and fundamental for 3D scene understanding. Due to the complex structure, point sets are distributed off balance and diversely, which appears as both category imbalance and pattern imbalance. As a result, deep networks can easily forget the non-dominant cases during the learning process, resulting in unsatisfactory performance. Although re-weighting can reduce the influence of the well-classified examples, they cannot handle the non-dominant patterns during the dynamic training. In this paper, we propose a memory-augmented network to learn and memorize the representative prototypes that cover diverse samples universally. Specifically, a memory module is introduced to alleviate the forgetting issue by recording the patterns seen in mini-batch training. The learned memory items consistently reflect the interpretable and meaningful information for both dominant and non-dominant categories and cases. The distorted observations and rare cases can thus be augmented by retrieving the stored prototypes, leading to better performances and generalization. Exhaustive experiments on the benchmarks, i.e. S3DIS and ScanNetV2, reflect the superiority of our method on both effectiveness and efficiency. Not only the overall accuracy but also nondominant classes have improved substantially. 
### 12.Convolutional Neural Networks with Intermediate Loss for 3D Super-Resolution of CT and MRI Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01330.pdf)
>  CT scanners that are commonly-used in hospitals nowadays produce low-resolution images, up to 512 pixels in size. One pixel in the image corresponds to a one millimeter piece of tissue. In order to accurately segment tumors and make treatment plans, doctors need CT scans of higher resolution. The same problem appears in MRI. In this paper, we propose an approach for the single-image super-resolution of 3D CT or MRI scans. Our method is based on deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) composed of 10 convolutional layers and an intermediate upscaling layer that is placed after the first 6 convolutional layers. Our first CNN, which increases the resolution on two axes (width and height), is followed by a second CNN, which increases the resolution on the third axis (depth). Different from other methods, we compute the loss with respect to the ground-truth high-resolution output right after the upscaling layer, in addition to computing the loss after the last convolutional layer. The intermediate loss forces our network to produce a better output, closer to the ground-truth. A widely-used approach to obtain sharp results is to add Gaussian blur using a fixed standard deviation. In order to avoid overfitting to a fixed standard deviation, we apply Gaussian smoothing with various standard deviations, unlike other approaches. We evaluate our method in the context of 2D and 3D super-resolution of CT and MRI scans from two databases, comparing it to relevant related works from the literature and baselines based on various interpolation schemes, using 2x and 4x scaling factors. The empirical results show that our approach attains superior results to all other methods. Moreover, our human annotation study reveals that both doctors and regular annotators chose our method in favor of Lanczos interpolation in 97.55% cases for 2x upscaling factor and in 96.69% cases for 4x upscaling factor. 
### 13.Agriculture-Vision: A Large Aerial Image Database for Agricultural Pattern Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01306.pdf)
>  The success of deep learning in visual recognition tasks has driven advancements in multiple fields of research. Particularly, increasing attention has been drawn towards its application in agriculture. Nevertheless, while visual pattern recognition on farmlands carries enormous economic values, little progress has been made to merge computer vision and crop sciences due to the lack of suitable agricultural image datasets. Meanwhile, problems in agriculture also pose new challenges in computer vision. For example, semantic segmentation of aerial farmland images requires inference over extremely large-size images with extreme annotation sparsity. These challenges are not present in most of the common object datasets, and we show that they are more challenging than many other aerial image datasets. To encourage research in computer vision for agriculture, we present Agriculture-Vision: a large-scale aerial farmland image dataset for semantic segmentation of agricultural patterns. We collected 94,986 high-quality aerial images from 3,432 farmlands across the US, where each image consists of RGB and Near-infrared (NIR) channels with resolution as high as 10 cm per pixel. We annotate nine types of field anomaly patterns that are most important to farmers. As a pilot study of aerial agricultural semantic segmentation, we perform comprehensive experiments using popular semantic segmentation models; we also propose an effective model designed for aerial agricultural pattern recognition. Our experiments demonstrate several challenges Agriculture-Vision poses to both the computer vision and agriculture communities. Future versions of this dataset will include even more aerial images, anomaly patterns and image channels. More information at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.agriculture-vision.com" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 14.Towards Automatic Threat Detection: A Survey of Advances of Deep Learning within X-ray Security Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01293.pdf)
>  X-ray security screening is widely used to maintain aviation/transport security, and its significance poses a particular interest in automated screening systems. This paper aims to review computerised X-ray security imaging algorithms by taxonomising the field into conventional machine learning and contemporary deep learning applications. The first part briefly discusses the classical machine learning approaches utilised within X-ray security imaging, while the latter part thoroughly investigates the use of modern deep learning algorithms. The proposed taxonomy sub-categorises the use of deep learning approaches into supervised, semi-supervised and unsupervised learning, with a particular focus on object classification, detection, segmentation and anomaly detection tasks. The paper further explores well-established X-ray datasets and provides a performance benchmark. Based on the current and future trends in deep learning, the paper finally presents a discussion and future directions for X-ray security imagery. 
### 15.General Partial Label Learning via Dual Bipartite Graph Autoencoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01290.pdf)
>  We formulate a practical yet challenging problem: General Partial Label Learning (GPLL). Compared to the traditional Partial Label Learning (PLL) problem, GPLL relaxes the supervision assumption from instance-level --- a label set partially labels an instance --- to group-level: 1) a label set partially labels a group of instances, where the within-group instance-label link annotations are missing, and 2) cross-group links are allowed --- instances in a group may be partially linked to the label set from another group. Such ambiguous group-level supervision is more practical in real-world scenarios as additional annotation on the instance-level is no longer required, e.g., face-naming in videos where the group consists of faces in a frame, labeled by a name set in the corresponding caption. In this paper, we propose a novel graph convolutional network (GCN) called Dual Bipartite Graph Autoencoder (DB-GAE) to tackle the label ambiguity challenge of GPLL. First, we exploit the cross-group correlations to represent the instance groups as dual bipartite graphs: within-group and cross-group, which reciprocally complements each other to resolve the linking ambiguities. Second, we design a GCN autoencoder to encode and decode them, where the decodings are considered as the refined results. It is worth noting that DB-GAE is self-supervised and transductive, as it only uses the group-level supervision without a separate offline training stage. Extensive experiments on two real-world datasets demonstrate that DB-GAE significantly outperforms the best baseline over absolute 0.159 F1-score and 24.8% accuracy. We further offer analysis on various levels of label ambiguities. 
### 16.Learning Global and Local Consistent Representations for Unsupervised Image Retrieval via Deep Graph Diffusion Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01284.pdf)
>  Diffusion has shown great success in improving accuracy of unsupervised image retrieval systems by utilizing high-order structures of image manifold. However, existing diffusion methods suffer from three major limitations: 1) they usually rely on local structures without considering global manifold information; 2) they focus on improving pair-wise similarities within existing images input output transductively while lacking flexibility to learn representations for novel unseen instances inductively; 3) they fail to scale to large datasets due to prohibitive memory consumption and computational burden due to intrinsic high-order operations on the whole graph. In this paper, to address these limitations, we propose a novel method,Graph Diffusion Networks (GRAD-Net), that adopts graph neural networks (GNNs), a novel variant of deep learning algorithms on irregular graphs. GRAD-Net learns semantic representations by exploiting both local and global structures of image manifold in an unsupervised fashion. By utilizing sparse coding techniques, GRAD-Net not only preserves global information on the image manifold, but also enables scalable training and efficient querying. Experiments on several large benchmark datasets demonstrate effectiveness of our method over state-of-the-art diffusion algorithms for unsupervised image retrieval. 
### 17.Deep Transfer Convolutional Neural Network and Extreme Learning Machine for Lung Nodule Diagnosis on CT images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01279.pdf)
>  Diagnosis of benign-malignant nodules in the lung on Computed Tomography (CT) images is critical for determining tumor level and reducing patient mortality. Deep learning-based diagnosis of nodules in lung CT images, however, is time-consuming and less accurate due to redundant structure and the lack of adequate training data. In this paper, a novel diagnosis method based on Deep Transfer Convolutional Neural Network (DTCNN) and Extreme Learning Machine (ELM) is explored, which merges the synergy of two algorithms to deal with benign-malignant nodules classification. An optimal DTCNN is first adopted to extract high level features of lung nodules, which has been trained with the ImageNet dataset beforehand. After that, an ELM classifier is further developed to classify benign and malignant lung nodules. Two datasets, including the Lung Image Database Consortium and Image Database Resource Initiative (LIDC-IDRI) public dataset and a private dataset from the First Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou Medical University in China (FAH-GMU), have been conducted to verify the efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed approach. The experimental results show that our novel DTCNN-ELM model provides the most reliable results compared with current state-of-the-art methods. 
### 18.Automated Segmentation of Vertebrae on Lateral Chest Radiography Using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01277.pdf)
>  The purpose of this study is to develop an automated algorithm for thoracic vertebral segmentation on chest radiography using deep learning. 124 de-identified lateral chest radiographs on unique patients were obtained. Segmentations of visible vertebrae were manually performed by a medical student and verified by a board-certified radiologist. 74 images were used for training, 10 for validation, and 40 were held out for testing. A U-Net deep convolutional neural network was employed for segmentation, using the sum of dice coefficient and binary cross-entropy as the loss function. On the test set, the algorithm demonstrated an average dice coefficient value of 90.5 and an average intersection-over-union (IoU) of 81.75. Deep learning demonstrates promise in the segmentation of vertebrae on lateral chest radiography. 
### 19.Self-Orthogonality Module: A Network Architecture Plug-in for Learning Orthogonal Filters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01275.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate the empirical impact of orthogonality regularization (OR) in deep learning, either solo or collaboratively. Recent works on OR showed some promising results on the accuracy. In our ablation study, however, we do not observe such significant improvement from existing OR techniques compared with the conventional training based on weight decay, dropout, and batch normalization. To identify the real gain from OR, inspired by the locality sensitive hashing (LSH) in angle estimation, we propose to introduce an implicit self-regularization into OR to push the mean and variance of filter angles in a network towards 90 and 0 simultaneously to achieve (near) orthogonality among the filters, without using any other explicit regularization. Our regularization can be implemented as an architectural plug-in and integrated with an arbitrary network. We reveal that OR helps stabilize the training process and leads to faster convergence and better generalization. 
### 20.FDFtNet: Facing Off Fake Images using Fake Detection Fine-tuning Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01265.pdf)
>  Creating fake images and videos such as "Deepfake" has become much easier these days due to the advancement in Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). Moreover, recent research such as the few-shot learning can create highly realistic personalized fake images with only a few images. Therefore, the threat of Deepfake to be used for a variety of malicious intents such as propagating fake images and videos becomes prevalent. And detecting these machine-generated fake images has been quite challenging than ever. In this work, we propose a light-weight robust fine-tuning neural network-based classifier architecture called Fake Detection Fine-tuning Network (FDFtNet), which is capable of detecting many of the new fake face image generation models, and can be easily combined with existing image classification networks and finetuned on a few datasets. In contrast to many existing methods, our approach aims to reuse popular pre-trained models with only a few images for fine-tuning to effectively detect fake images. The core of our approach is to introduce an image-based self-attention module called Fine-Tune Transformer that uses only the attention module and the down-sampling layer. This module is added to the pre-trained model and fine-tuned on a few data to search for new sets of feature space to detect fake images. We experiment with our FDFtNet on the GANsbased dataset (Progressive Growing GAN) and Deepfake-based dataset (Deepfake and Face2Face) with a small input image resolution of 64x64 that complicates detection. Our FDFtNet achieves an overall accuracy of 90.29% in detecting fake images generated from the GANs-based dataset, outperforming the state-of-the-art. 
### 21.A Robust Pose Transformational GAN for Pose Guided Person Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01259.pdf)
>  Generating photorealistic images of human subjects in any unseen pose have crucial applications in generating a complete appearance model of the subject. However, from a computer vision perspective, this task becomes significantly challenging due to the inability of modelling the data distribution conditioned on pose. Existing works use a complicated pose transformation model with various additional features such as foreground segmentation, human body parsing etc. to achieve robustness that leads to computational overhead. In this work, we propose a simple yet effective pose transformation GAN by utilizing the Residual Learning method without any additional feature learning to generate a given human image in any arbitrary pose. Using effective data augmentation techniques and cleverly tuning the model, we achieve robustness in terms of illumination, occlusion, distortion and scale. We present a detailed study, both qualitative and quantitative, to demonstrate the superiority of our model over the existing methods on two large datasets. 
### 22.Exploiting Event-Driven Cameras for Spatio-Temporal Prediction of Fast-Changing Trajectories  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01248.pdf)
>  This paper investigates solutions to trajectory prediction problems for artificial intelligence in robotics, to improve moving target interception, such as catching a bouncing ball. Unexpected, highly-non-linear trajectories cannot easily be solved with regression-based prediction, and as such, we look to learning methods. In addition, fast-moving targets are better sensed using recent event cameras, which produce an asynchronous output triggered by spatial change, rather than a fixed time period as with traditional cameras. We investigate how LSTM models can be adapted for event camera data, and in particular look at the benefit of using asynchronous data compared to synchronous sampling methods. 
### 23.Cooperative Initialization based Deep Neural Network Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01240.pdf)
>  Researchers have proposed various activation functions. These activation functions help the deep network to learn non-linear behavior with a significant effect on training dynamics and task performance. The performance of these activations also depends on the initial state of the weight parameters, i.e., different initial state leads to a difference in the performance of a network. In this paper, we have proposed a cooperative initialization for training the deep network using ReLU activation function to improve the network performance. Our approach uses multiple activation functions in the initial few epochs for the update of all sets of weight parameters while training the network. These activation functions cooperate to overcome their drawbacks in the update of weight parameters, which in effect learn better "feature representation" and boost the network performance later. Cooperative initialization based training also helps in reducing the overfitting problem and does not increase the number of parameters, inference (test) time in the final model while improving the performance. Experiments show that our approach outperforms various baselines and, at the same time, performs well over various tasks such as classification and detection. The Top-1 classification accuracy of the model trained using our approach improves by 2.8% for VGG-16 and 2.1% for ResNet-56 on CIFAR-100 dataset. 
### 24.EcoNAS: Finding Proxies for Economical Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01233.pdf)
>  Neural Architecture Search (NAS) achieves significant progress in many computer vision tasks. While many methods have been proposed to improve the efficiency of NAS, the search progress is still laborious because training and evaluating plausible architectures over large search space is time-consuming. Assessing network candidates under a proxy (i.e., computationally reduced setting) thus becomes inevitable. In this paper, we observe that most existing proxies exhibit different behaviors in maintaining the rank consistency among network candidates. In particular, some proxies can be more reliable -- the rank of candidates does not differ much comparing their reduced setting performance and final performance. In this paper, we systematically investigate some widely adopted reduction factors and report our observations. Inspired by these observations, we present a reliable proxy and further formulate a hierarchical proxy strategy. The strategy spends more computations on candidate networks that are potentially more accurate, while discards unpromising ones in early stage with a fast proxy. This leads to an economical evolutionary-based NAS (EcoNAS), which achieves an impressive 400x search time reduction in comparison to the evolutionary-based state of the art (8 vs. 3150 GPU days). Some new proxies led by our observations can also be applied to accelerate other NAS methods while still able to discover good candidate networks with performance matching those found by previous proxy strategies. 
### 25.Spatial-Scale Aligned Network for Fine-Grained Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01211.pdf)
>  Existing approaches for fine-grained visual recognition focus on learning marginal region-based representations while neglecting the spatial and scale misalignments, leading to inferior performance. In this paper, we propose the spatial-scale aligned network (SSANET) and implicitly address misalignments during the recognition process. Especially, SSANET consists of 1) a self-supervised proposal mining formula with Morphological Alignment Constraints; 2) a discriminative scale mining (DSM) module, which exploits the feature pyramid via a circulant matrix, and provides the Fourier solver for fast scale alignments; 3) an oriented pooling (OP) module, that performs the pooling operation in several pre-defined orientations. Each orientation defines one kind of spatial alignment, and the network automatically determines which is the optimal alignments through learning. With the proposed two modules, our algorithm can automatically determine the accurate local proposal regions and generate more robust target representations being invariant to various appearance variances. Extensive experiments verify that SSANET is competent at learning better spatial-scale invariant target representations, yielding superior performance on the fine-grained recognition task on several benchmarks. 
### 26.Informative Sample Mining Network for Multi-Domain Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01173.pdf)
>  The performance of multi-domain image-to-image translation has been significantly improved by recent progress in deep generative models. Existing approaches can use a unified model to achieve translations between all the visual domains. However, their outcomes are far from satisfying when there are large domain variations. In this paper, we reveal that improving the strategy of sample selection is an effective solution. To select informative samples, we dynamically estimate sample importance during the training of Generative Adversarial Networks, presenting Informative Sample Mining Network. We theoretically analyze the relationship between the sample importance and the prediction of the global optimal discriminator. Then a practical importance estimation function based on general discriminators is derived. In addition, we propose a novel multi-stage sample training scheme to reduce sample hardness while preserving sample informativeness. Extensive experiments on a wide range of specific image-to-image translation tasks are conducted, and the results demonstrate our superiority over current state-of-the-art methods. 
### 27.The Human Visual System and Adversarial AI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01172.pdf)
>  This paper applies theories about the Human Visual System to make Adversarial AI more effective. To date, Adversarial AI has modeled perceptual distances between clean and adversarial examples of images using Lp norms. These norms have the benefit of simple mathematical description and reasonable effectiveness in approximating perceptual distance. However, in prior decades, other areas of image processing have moved beyond simpler models like Mean Squared Error (MSE) towards more complex models that better approximate the Human Visual System (HVS). We demonstrate a proof of concept of incorporating HVS models into Adversarial AI. 
### 28.Spatio-Temporal Relation and Attention Learning for Facial Action Unit Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01168.pdf)
>  Spatio-temporal relations among facial action units (AUs) convey significant information for AU detection yet have not been thoroughly exploited. The main reasons are the limited capability of current AU detection works in simultaneously learning spatial and temporal relations, and the lack of precise localization information for AU feature learning. To tackle these limitations, we propose a novel spatio-temporal relation and attention learning framework for AU detection. Specifically, we introduce a spatio-temporal graph convolutional network to capture both spatial and temporal relations from dynamic AUs, in which the AU relations are formulated as a spatio-temporal graph with adaptively learned instead of predefined edge weights. Moreover, the learning of spatio-temporal relations among AUs requires individual AU features. Considering the dynamism and shape irregularity of AUs, we propose an attention regularization method to adaptively learn regional attentions that capture highly relevant regions and suppress irrelevant regions so as to extract a complete feature for each AU. Extensive experiments show that our approach achieves substantial improvements over the state-of-the-art AU detection methods on BP4D and especially DISFA benchmarks. 
### 29.End-To-End Trainable Video Super-Resolution Based on a New Mechanism for Implicit Motion Estimation and Compensation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01162.pdf)
>  Video super-resolution aims at generating a high-resolution video from its low-resolution counterpart. With the rapid rise of deep learning, many recently proposed video super-resolution methods use convolutional neural networks in conjunction with explicit motion compensation to capitalize on statistical dependencies within and across low-resolution frames. Two common issues of such methods are noteworthy. Firstly, the quality of the final reconstructed HR video is often very sensitive to the accuracy of motion estimation. Secondly, the warp grid needed for motion compensation, which is specified by the two flow maps delineating pixel displacements in horizontal and vertical directions, tends to introduce additional errors and jeopardize the temporal consistency across video frames. To address these issues, we propose a novel dynamic local filter network to perform implicit motion estimation and compensation by employing, via locally connected layers, sample-specific and position-specific dynamic local filters that are tailored to the target pixels. We also propose a global refinement network based on ResBlock and autoencoder structures to exploit non-local correlations and enhance the spatial consistency of super-resolved frames. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art, and validate its strength in terms of local transformation handling, temporal consistency as well as edge sharpness. 
### 30.TCM-ICP: Transformation Compatibility Measure for Registering Multiple LIDAR Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01129.pdf)
>  Rigid registration of multi-view and multi-platform LiDAR scans is a fundamental problem in 3D mapping, robotic navigation, and large-scale urban modeling applications. Data acquisition with LiDAR sensors involves scanning multiple areas from different points of view, thus generating partially overlapping point clouds of the real world scenes. Traditionally, ICP (Iterative Closest Point) algorithm is used to register the acquired point clouds together to form a unique point cloud that captures the scanned real world scene. Conventional ICP faces local minima issues and often needs a coarse initial alignment to converge to the optimum. In this work, we present an algorithm for registering multiple, overlapping LiDAR scans. We introduce a geometric metric called Transformation Compatibility Measure (TCM) which aids in choosing the most similar point clouds for registration in each iteration of the algorithm. The LiDAR scan most similar to the reference LiDAR scan is then transformed using simplex technique. An optimization of the transformation using gradient descent and simulated annealing techniques are then applied to improve the resulting registration. We evaluate the proposed algorithm on four different real world scenes and experimental results shows that the registration performance of the proposed method is comparable or superior to the traditionally used registration methods. Further, the algorithm achieves superior registration results even when dealing with outliers. 
### 31.COPD Classification in CT Images Using a 3D Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01100.pdf)
>  Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is a lung disease that is not fully reversible and one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality in the world. Early detection and diagnosis of COPD can increase the survival rate and reduce the risk of COPD progression in patients. Currently, the primary examination tool to diagnose COPD is spirometry. However, computed tomography (CT) is used for detecting symptoms and sub-type classification of COPD. Using different imaging modalities is a difficult and tedious task even for physicians and is subjective to inter-and intra-observer variations. Hence, developing meth-ods that can automatically classify COPD versus healthy patients is of great interest. In this paper, we propose a 3D deep learning approach to classify COPD and emphysema using volume-wise annotations only. We also demonstrate the impact of transfer learning on the classification of emphysema using knowledge transfer from a pre-trained COPD classification model. 
### 32.Represented Value Function Approach for Large Scale Multi Agent Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01096.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider the problem of large scale multi agent reinforcement learning. Firstly, we studied the representation problem of the pairwise value function to reduce the complexity of the interactions among agents. Secondly, we adopt a l2-norm trick to ensure the trivial term of the approximated value function is bounded. Thirdly, experimental results on battle game demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach. 
### 33.RPR: Random Partition Relaxation for Training; Binary and Ternary Weight Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01091.pdf)
>  We present Random Partition Relaxation (RPR), a method for strong quantization of neural networks weight to binary (+1/-1) and ternary (+1/0/-1) values. Starting from a pre-trained model, we quantize the weights and then relax random partitions of them to their continuous values for retraining before re-quantizing them and switching to another weight partition for further adaptation. We demonstrate binary and ternary-weight networks with accuracies beyond the state-of-the-art for GoogLeNet and competitive performance for ResNet-18 and ResNet-50 using an SGD-based training method that can easily be integrated into existing frameworks. 
### 34.Res3ATN -- Deep 3D Residual Attention Network for Hand Gesture Recognition in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01083.pdf)
>  Hand gesture recognition is a strenuous task to solve in videos. In this paper, we use a 3D residual attention network which is trained end to end for hand gesture recognition. Based on the stacked multiple attention blocks, we build a 3D network which generates different features at each attention block. Our 3D attention based residual network (Res3ATN) can be built and extended to very deep layers. Using this network, an extensive analysis is performed on other 3D networks based on three publicly available datasets. The Res3ATN network performance is compared to C3D, ResNet-10, and ResNext-101 networks. We also study and evaluate our baseline network with different number of attention blocks. The comparison shows that the 3D residual attention network with 3 attention blocks is robust in attention learning and is able to classify the gestures with better accuracy, thus outperforming existing networks. 
### 35.Pixel-Semantic Revise of Position Learning A One-Stage Object Detector with A Shared Encoder-Decoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01057.pdf)
>  We analyze that different methods based channel or position attention mechanism give rise to different performance on scale, and some of state-of-the-art detectors applying feature pyramid are integrated with various variants convolutions with many mechanisms to enhance information, resulting in increasing runtime. This work addresses the problem by constructing an anchor-free detector with shared module consisting of encoder and decoder with attention mechanism. First, we consider different level features from backbone (e.g., ResNet-50) as the base features. Second, we feed the feature into a simple block, rather than various complex operations.Then, location and classification tasks are obtained by the detector head and classifier, respectively. At the same time, we use the semantic information to revise geometry locations. Additionally, we show that the detector is a pixel-semantic revise of position, universal, effective and simple to detect, especially, large-scale objects. More importantly, this work compares different feature processing (e.g.,mean, maximum or minimum) performance across channel. Finally,we present that our method improves detection accuracy by 3.8 AP compared to state-of-the-art MNC based ResNet-101 on the standard MSCOCO baseline. 
### 36.Discrimination-aware Network Pruning for Deep Model Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01050.pdf)
>  We study network pruning which aims to remove redundant channels/kernels and hence speed up the inference of deep networks. Existing pruning methods either train from scratch with sparsity constraints or minimize the reconstruction error between the feature maps of the pre-trained models and the compressed ones. Both strategies suffer from some limitations: the former kind is computationally expensive and difficult to converge, while the latter kind optimizes the reconstruction error but ignores the discriminative power of channels. In this paper, we propose a simple-yet-effective method called discrimination-aware channel pruning (DCP) to choose the channels that actually contribute to the discriminative power. Note that a channel often consists of a set of kernels. Besides the redundancy in channels, some kernels in a channel may also be redundant and fail to contribute to the discriminative power of the network, resulting in kernel level redundancy. To solve this, we propose a discrimination-aware kernel pruning (DKP) method to further compress deep networks by removing redundant kernels. To prevent DCP/DKP from selecting redundant channels/kernels, we propose a new adaptive stopping condition, which helps to automatically determine the number of selected channels/kernels and often results in more compact models with better performance. Extensive experiments on both image classification and face recognition demonstrate the effectiveness of our methods. For example, on ILSVRC-12, the resultant ResNet-50 model with 30% reduction of channels even outperforms the baseline model by 0.36% in terms of Top-1 accuracy. The pruned MobileNetV1 and MobileNetV2 achieve 1.93x and 1.42x inference acceleration on a mobile device, respectively, with negligible performance degradation. The source code and the pre-trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SCUT-AILab/DCP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 37.Adversarial-Learned Loss for Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01046.pdf)
>  Recently, remarkable progress has been made in learning transferable representation across domains. Previous works in domain adaptation are majorly based on two techniques: domain-adversarial learning and self-training. However, domain-adversarial learning only aligns feature distributions between domains but does not consider whether the target features are discriminative. On the other hand, self-training utilizes the model predictions to enhance the discrimination of target features, but it is unable to explicitly align domain distributions. In order to combine the strengths of these two methods, we propose a novel method called Adversarial-Learned Loss for Domain Adaptation (ALDA). We first analyze the pseudo-label method, a typical self-training method. Nevertheless, there is a gap between pseudo-labels and the ground truth, which can cause incorrect training. Thus we introduce the confusion matrix, which is learned through an adversarial manner in ALDA, to reduce the gap and align the feature distributions. Finally, a new loss function is auto-constructed from the learned confusion matrix, which serves as the loss for unlabeled target samples. Our ALDA outperforms state-of-the-art approaches in four standard domain adaptation datasets. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZJULearning/ALDA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 38.Understanding Image Captioning Models beyond Visualizing Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01037.pdf)
>  This paper explains predictions of image captioning models with attention mechanisms beyond visualizing the attention itself. In this paper, we develop variants of layer-wise relevance backpropagation (LRP) and gradient backpropagation, tailored to image captioning with attention. The result provides simultaneously pixel-wise image explanation and linguistic explanation for each word in the captions. We show that given a word in the caption to be explained, explanation methods such as LRP reveal supporting and opposing pixels as well as words. We compare the properties of attention heatmaps systematically against those computed with explanation methods such as LRP, Grad-CAM and Guided Grad-CAM. We show that explanation methods, firstly, correlate to object locations with higher precision than attention, secondly, are able to identify object words that are unsupported by image content, and thirdly, provide guidance to debias and improve the model. Results are reported for image captioning using two different attention models trained with Flickr30K and MSCOCO2017 datasets. Experimental analyses show the strength of explanation methods for understanding image captioning attention models. 
### 39.FrequentNet : A New Deep Learning Baseline for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01034.pdf)
>  In this paper, we generalize the idea from the method called "PCANet" to achieve a new baseline deep learning model for image classification. Instead of using principal component vectors as the filter vector in "PCANet", we use basis vectors in discrete Fourier analysis and wavelets analysis as our filter vectors. Both of them achieve comparable performance to "PCANet" in benchmark datasets. It is noticeable that our algorithms do not require any optimization techniques to get those basis. 
### 40.Grab: Fast and Accurate Sensor Processing for Cashier-Free Shopping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01033.pdf)
>  Cashier-free shopping systems like Amazon Go improve shopping experience, but can require significant store redesign. In this paper, we propose Grab, a practical system that leverages existing infrastructure and devices to enable cashier-free shopping. Grab needs to accurately identify and track customers, and associate each shopper with items he or she retrieves from shelves. To do this, it uses a keypoint-based pose tracker as a building block for identification and tracking, develops robust feature-based face trackers, and algorithms for associating and tracking arm movements. It also uses a probabilistic framework to fuse readings from camera, weight and RFID sensors in order to accurately assess which shopper picks up which item. In experiments from a pilot deployment in a retail store, Grab can achieve over 90% precision and recall even when 40% of shopping actions are designed to confuse the system. Moreover, Grab has optimizations that help reduce investment in computing infrastructure four-fold. 
### 41.Segmentation-Aware and Adaptive Iris Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.00989.pdf)
>  Iris recognition has emerged as one of the most accurate and convenient biometric for the human identification and has been increasingly employed in a wide range of e-security applications. The quality of iris images acquired at-a-distance or under less constrained imaging environments is known to degrade the iris matching accuracy. The periocular information is inherently embedded in such iris images and can be exploited to assist in the iris recognition under such non-ideal scenarios. Our analysis of such iris templates also indicates significant degradation and reduction in the region of interest, where the iris recognition can benefit from a similarity distance that can consider importance of different binary bits, instead of the direct use of Hamming distance in the literature. Periocular information can be dynamically reinforced, by incorporating the differences in the effective area of available iris regions, for more accurate iris recognition. This paper presents such a segmentation-assisted adaptive framework for more accurate less-constrained iris recognition. The effectiveness of this framework is evaluated on three publicly available iris databases using within-dataset and cross-dataset performance evaluation and validates the merit of the proposed iris recognition framework. 
### 42.DepthTransfer: Depth Extraction from Video Using Non-parametric Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.00987.pdf)
>  We describe a technique that automatically generates plausible depth maps from videos using non-parametric depth sampling. We demonstrate our technique in cases where past methods fail (non-translating cameras and dynamic scenes). Our technique is applicable to single images as well as videos. For videos, we use local motion cues to improve the inferred depth maps, while optical flow is used to ensure temporal depth consistency. For training and evaluation, we use a Kinect-based system to collect a large dataset containing stereoscopic videos with known depths. We show that our depth estimation technique outperforms the state-of-the-art on benchmark databases. Our technique can be used to automatically convert a monoscopic video into stereo for 3D visualization, and we demonstrate this through a variety of visually pleasing results for indoor and outdoor scenes, including results from the feature film Charade. 
### 43.Inverse Rendering Techniques for Physically Grounded Image Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.00986.pdf)
>  From a single picture of a scene, people can typically grasp the spatial layout immediately and even make good guesses at materials properties and where light is coming from to illuminate the scene. For example, we can reliably tell which objects occlude others, what an object is made of and its rough shape, regions that are illuminated or in shadow, and so on. It is interesting how little is known about our ability to make these determinations; as such, we are still not able to robustly "teach" computers to make the same high-level observations as people. This document presents algorithms for understanding intrinsic scene properties from single images. The goal of these inverse rendering techniques is to estimate the configurations of scene elements (geometry, materials, luminaires, camera parameters, etc) using only information visible in an image. Such algorithms have applications in robotics and computer graphics. One such application is in physically grounded image editing: photo editing made easier by leveraging knowledge of the physical space. These applications allow sophisticated editing operations to be performed in a matter of seconds, enabling seamless addition, removal, or relocation of objects in images. 
### 44.A Deep Neuro-Fuzzy Network for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01686.pdf)
>  The combination of neural network and fuzzy systems into neuro-fuzzy systems integrates fuzzy reasoning rules into the connectionist networks. However, the existing neuro-fuzzy systems are developed under shallow structures having lower generalization capacity. We propose the first end-to-end deep neuro-fuzzy network and investigate its application for image classification. Two new operations are developed based on definitions of Takagi-Sugeno-Kang (TSK) fuzzy model namely fuzzy inference operation and fuzzy pooling operations; stacks of these operations comprise the layers in this network. We evaluate the network on MNIST, CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 datasets, finding that the network has a reasonable accuracy in these benchmarks. 
### 45.A Hybrid Approach to Temporal Pattern Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01661.pdf)
>  The primary objective of graph pattern matching is to find all appearances of an input graph pattern query in a large data graph. Such appearances are called matches. In this paper, we are interested in finding matches of interaction patterns in temporal graphs. To this end, we propose a hybrid approach that achieves effective filtering of potential matches based both on structure and time. Our approach exploits a graph representation where edges are ordered by time. We present experiments with real datasets that illustrate the efficiency of our approach. 
### 46.Opportunities and Challenges in Deep Learning Methods on Electrocardiogram Data: A Systematic Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01550.pdf)
>  Objective: To conduct a systematic review of deep learning methods on Electrocardiogram (ECG) data from the perspective of model architecture and their application task. Methods: First, we extensively searched papers deploying deep learning (deep neural network networks) on ECG data that published between January 1st 2010 and September 30th 2019 from Google Scholar, PubMed and DBLP. Then we analyze them in three aspects including task, model and data. Finally, we conclude unresolved challenges and problems that existing models can not handle well. Results: The total number of papers is 124, among them 97 papers are published after in recent two years. Almost all kinds of common deep learning architectures have been used in ECG analytics tasks like disease detection/classification, annotation/localization, sleep staging, biometric human identification, denoising and so on. Conclusion: The number of works about deep learning on ECG data is growing explosively in recent years. Indeed, these works have achieve a far more better performance in terms of accuracy. However, there are some new challenges and problems like interpretability, scalability, efficiency, which need to be addressed and paid more attention. Moreover, it is also worth to investigate by discovering new interesting applications from both the dataset view and the method view. Significance: This paper summarizes existing deep learning methods on modeling ECG data from multiple views, while also point out existing challenges and problems, while can become potential research direction in the future. 
### 47.Deeper Insights into Weight Sharing in Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01431.pdf)
>  With the success of deep neural networks, Neural Architecture Search (NAS) as a way of automatic model design has attracted wide attention. As training every child model from scratch is very time-consuming, recent works leverage weight-sharing to speed up the model evaluation procedure. These approaches greatly reduce computation by maintaining a single copy of weights on the super-net and share the weights among every child model. However, weight-sharing has no theoretical guarantee and its impact has not been well studied before. In this paper, we conduct comprehensive experiments to reveal the impact of weight-sharing: (1) The best-performing models from different runs or even from consecutive epochs within the same run have significant variance; (2) Even with high variance, we can extract valuable information from training the super-net with shared weights; (3) The interference between child models is a main factor that induces high variance; (4) Properly reducing the degree of weight sharing could effectively reduce variance and improve performance. 
### 48.Classification of Large-Scale High-Resolution SAR Images with Deep Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01425.pdf)
>  The classification of large-scale high-resolution SAR land cover images acquired by satellites is a challenging task, facing several difficulties such as semantic annotation with expertise, changing data characteristics due to varying imaging parameters or regional target area differences, and complex scattering mechanisms being different from optical imaging. Given a large-scale SAR land cover dataset collected from TerraSAR-X images with a hierarchical three-level annotation of 150 categories and comprising more than 100,000 patches, three main challenges in automatically interpreting SAR images of highly imbalanced classes, geographic diversity, and label noise are addressed. In this letter, a deep transfer learning method is proposed based on a similarly annotated optical land cover dataset (NWPU-RESISC45). Besides, a top-2 smooth loss function with cost-sensitive parameters was introduced to tackle the label noise and imbalanced classes' problems. The proposed method shows high efficiency in transferring information from a similarly annotated remote sensing dataset, a robust performance on highly imbalanced classes, and is alleviating the over-fitting problem caused by label noise. What's more, the learned deep model has a good generalization for other SAR-specific tasks, such as MSTAR target recognition with a state-of-the-art classification accuracy of 99.46%. 
### 49.Identifying and Compensating for Feature Deviation in Imbalanced Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01385.pdf)
>  We investigate learning a ConvNet classifier with class-imbalanced data. We found that a ConvNet over-fits significantly to the minor classes that do not have sufficient training instances, even if it is trained using vanilla ERM. We conduct a series of analysis and argue that feature deviation between the training and test instances serves as the main cause. We propose to incorporate class-dependent temperatures (CDT) in learning a ConvNet: CDT forces the minor-class instances to have larger decision values in training, so as to compensate for the effect of feature deviation in testing. We validate our approach on several benchmark datasets and achieve promising results. Our studies further suggest that class-imbalance data affects traditional machine learning and recent deep learning in very different ways. We hope that our insights can inspire new ways of thinking in resolving class-imbalanced deep learning. 
### 50.The troublesome kernel: why deep learning for inverse problems is typically unstable  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01258.pdf)
>  There is overwhelming empirical evidence that Deep Learning (DL) leads to unstable methods in applications ranging from image classification and computer vision to voice recognition and automated diagnosis in medicine. Recently, a similar instability phenomenon has been discovered when DL is used to solve certain problems in computational science, namely, inverse problems in imaging. In this paper we present a comprehensive mathematical analysis explaining the many facets of the instability phenomenon in DL for inverse problems. Our main results not only explain why this phenomenon occurs, they also shed light as to why finding a cure for instabilities is so difficult in practice. Additionally, these theorems show that instabilities are typically not rare events - rather, they can occur even when the measurements are subject to completely random noise - and consequently how easy it can be to destablise certain trained neural networks. We also examine the delicate balance between reconstruction performance and stability, and in particular, how DL methods may outperform state-of-the-art sparse regularization methods, but at the cost of instability. Finally, we demonstrate a counterintuitive phenomenon: training a neural network may generically not yield an optimal reconstruction method for an inverse problem. 
### 51.Biologically-Motivated Deep Learning Method using Hierarchical Competitive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01121.pdf)
>  This study proposes a novel biologically-motivated learning method for deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs). The combination of CNNs and back propagation (BP) learning is the most powerful method in recent machine learning regimes. However, it requires large labeled data for training, and this requirement can occasionally become a barrier for real world applications. To address this problem and utilize unlabeled data, I propose to introduce unsupervised competitive learning which only requires forward propagating signals as a pre-training method for CNNs. The method was evaluated by image discrimination tasks using MNIST, CIFAR-10, and ImageNet datasets, and it achieved a state-of-the-art performance as a biologically-motivated method in the ImageNet experiment. The results suggested that the method enables higher-level learning representations solely from forward propagating signals without a backward error signal for the learning of convolutional layers. The proposed method could be useful for a variety of poorly labeled data, for example, time series or medical data. 
### 52.Image Speckle Noise Denoising by a Multi-Layer Fusion Enhancement Method based on Block Matching and 3D Filtering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01055.pdf)
>  In order to improve speckle noise denoising of block matching 3d filtering (BM3D) method, an image frequency-domain multi-layer fusion enhancement method (MLFE-BM3D) based on nonsubsampled contourlet transform (NSCT) has been proposed. The method designs a NSCT hard threshold denoising enhancement to preprocess the image, then uses fusion enhancement in NSCT domain to fuse the preliminary estimation results of images before and after the NSCT hard threshold denoising, finally, BM3D denoising is carried out with the fused image to obtain the final denoising result. Experiments on natural images and medical ultrasound images show that MLFE-BM3D method can achieve better visual effects than BM3D method, the peak signal to noise ratio (PSNR) of the denoised image is increased by 0.5dB. The MLFE-BM3D method can improve the denoising effect of speckle noise in the texture region, and still maintain a good denoising effect in the smooth region of the image. 
### 53.Visual Semantic SLAM with Landmarks for Large-Scale Outdoor Environment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01028.pdf)
>  Semantic SLAM is an important field in autonomous driving and intelligent agents, which can enable robots to achieve high-level navigation tasks, obtain simple cognition or reasoning ability and achieve language-based human-robot-interaction. In this paper, we built a system to creat a semantic 3D map by combining 3D point cloud from ORB SLAM with semantic segmentation information from Convolutional Neural Network model PSPNet-101 for large-scale environments. Besides, a new dataset for KITTI sequences has been built, which contains the GPS information and labels of landmarks from Google Map in related streets of the sequences. Moreover, we find a way to associate the real-world landmark with point cloud map and built a topological map based on semantic map. 
### 54.Painting Many Pasts: Synthesizing Time Lapse Videos of Paintings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01026.pdf)
>  We introduce a new video synthesis task: synthesizing time lapse videos depicting how a given painting might have been created. Artists paint using unique combinations of brushes, strokes, colors, and layers. There are often many possible ways to create a given painting. Our goal is to learn to capture this rich range of possibilities. <br>Creating distributions of long-term videos is a challenge for learning-based video synthesis methods. We present a probabilistic model that, given a single image of a completed painting, recurrently synthesizes steps of the painting process. We implement this model as a convolutional neural network, and introduce a training scheme to facilitate learning from a limited dataset of painting time lapses. We demonstrate that this model can be used to sample many time steps, enabling long-term stochastic video synthesis. We evaluate our method on digital and watercolor paintings collected from video websites, and show that human raters find our synthesized videos to be similar to time lapses produced by real artists. 
### 55.Distributed Stochastic Algorithms for High-rate Streaming Principal Component Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01017.pdf)
>  This paper considers the problem of estimating the principal eigenvector of a covariance matrix from independent and identically distributed data samples in streaming settings. The streaming rate of data in many contemporary applications can be high enough that a single processor cannot finish an iteration of existing methods for eigenvector estimation before a new sample arrives. This paper formulates and analyzes a distributed variant of the classical Krasulina's method (D-Krasulina) that can keep up with the high streaming rate of data by distributing the computational load across multiple processing nodes. The analysis shows that---under appropriate conditions---D-Krasulina converges to the principal eigenvector in an order-wise optimal manner; i.e., after receiving $M$ samples across all nodes, its estimation error can be $O(1/M)$. In order to reduce the network communication overhead, the paper also develops and analyzes a mini-batch extension of D-Krasulina, which is termed DM-Krasulina. The analysis of DM-Krasulina shows that it can also achieve order-optimal estimation error rates under appropriate conditions, even when some samples have to be discarded within the network due to communication latency. Finally, experiments are performed over synthetic and real-world data to validate the convergence behaviors of D-Krasulina and DM-Krasulina in high-rate streaming settings. 
### 56.Segmentation of Cellular Patterns in Confocal Images of Melanocytic Lesions in vivo via a Multiscale Encoder-Decoder Network (MED-Net)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.01005.pdf)
>  In-vivo optical microscopy is advancing into routine clinical practice for non-invasively guiding diagnosis and treatment of cancer and other diseases, and thus beginning to reduce the need for traditional biopsy. However, reading and analysis of the optical microscopic images are generally still qualitative, relying mainly on visual examination. Here we present an automated semantic segmentation method called "Multiscale Encoder-Decoder Network (MED-Net)" that provides pixel-wise labeling into classes of patterns in a quantitative manner. The novelty in our approach is the modeling of textural patterns at multiple scales. This mimics the procedure for examining pathology images, which routinely starts with low magnification (low resolution, large field of view) followed by closer inspection of suspicious areas with higher magnification (higher resolution, smaller fields of view). We trained and tested our model on non-overlapping partitions of 117 reflectance confocal microscopy (RCM) mosaics of melanocytic lesions, an extensive dataset for this application, collected at four clinics in the US, and two in Italy. With patient-wise cross-validation, we achieved pixel-wise mean sensitivity and specificity of $70\pm11\%$ and $95\pm2\%$, respectively, with $0.71\pm0.09$ Dice coefficient over six classes. In the scenario, we partitioned the data clinic-wise and tested the generalizability of the model over multiple clinics. In this setting, we achieved pixel-wise mean sensitivity and specificity of $74\%$ and $95\%$, respectively, with $0.75$ Dice coefficient. We compared MED-Net against the state-of-the-art semantic segmentation models and achieved better quantitative segmentation performance. Our results also suggest that, due to its nested multiscale architecture, the MED-Net model annotated RCM mosaics more coherently, avoiding unrealistic-fragmented annotations. 
### 57.Semi-supervised Classification using Attention-based Regularization on Coarse-resolution Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.00994.pdf)
>  Many real-world phenomena are observed at multiple resolutions. Predictive models designed to predict these phenomena typically consider different resolutions separately. This approach might be limiting in applications where predictions are desired at fine resolutions but available training data is scarce. In this paper, we propose classification algorithms that leverage supervision from coarser resolutions to help train models on finer resolutions. The different resolutions are modeled as different views of the data in a multi-view framework that exploits the complementarity of features across different views to improve models on both views. Unlike traditional multi-view learning problems, the key challenge in our case is that there is no one-to-one correspondence between instances across different views in our case, which requires explicit modeling of the correspondence of instances across resolutions. We propose to use the features of instances at different resolutions to learn the correspondence between instances across resolutions using an attention mechanism.Experiments on the real-world application of mapping urban areas using satellite observations and sentiment classification on text data show the effectiveness of the proposed methods. 
