# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 20 Jan 2020
### 1.Unsupervised Learning of Camera Pose with Compositional Re-estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06479.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of unsupervised camera pose estimation. Given an input video sequence, our goal is to estimate the camera pose (i.e. the camera motion) between consecutive frames. Traditionally, this problem is tackled by placing strict constraints on the transformation vector or by incorporating optical flow through a complex pipeline. We propose an alternative approach that utilizes a compositional re-estimation process for camera pose estimation. Given an input, we first estimate a depth map. Our method then iteratively estimates the camera motion based on the estimated depth map. Our approach significantly improves the predicted camera motion both quantitatively and visually. Furthermore, the re-estimation resolves the problem of out-of-boundaries pixels in a novel and simple way. Another advantage of our approach is that it is adaptable to other camera pose estimation approaches. Experimental analysis on KITTI benchmark dataset demonstrates that our method outperforms existing state-of-the-art approaches in unsupervised camera ego-motion estimation. 
### 2.Combining PRNU and noiseprint for robust and efficient device source identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06440.pdf)
>  PRNU-based image processing is a key asset in digital multimedia forensics. It allows for reliable device identification and effective detection and localization of image forgeries, in very general conditions. However, performance impairs significantly in challenging conditions involving low quality and quantity of data. These include working on compressed and cropped images, or estimating the camera PRNU pattern based on only a few images. To boost the performance of PRNU-based analyses in such conditions we propose to leverage the image noiseprint, a recently proposed camera-model fingerprint that has proved effective for several forensic tasks. Numerical experiments on datasets widely used for source identification prove that the proposed method ensures a significant performance improvement in a wide range of challenging situations. 
### 3.TailorGAN: Making User-Defined Fashion Designs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06427.pdf)
>  Attribute editing has become an important and emerging topic of computer vision. In this paper, we consider a task: given a reference garment image A and another image B with target attribute (collar/sleeve), generate a photo-realistic image which combines the texture from reference A and the new attribute from reference B. The highly convoluted attributes and the lack of paired data are the main challenges to the task. To overcome those limitations, we propose a novel self-supervised model to synthesize garment images with disentangled attributes (e.g., collar and sleeves) without paired data. Our method consists of a reconstruction learning step and an adversarial learning step. The model learns texture and location information through reconstruction learning. And, the model's capability is generalized to achieve single-attribute manipulation by adversarial learning. Meanwhile, we compose a new dataset, named GarmentSet, with annotation of landmarks of collars and sleeves on clean garment images. Extensive experiments on this dataset and real-world samples demonstrate that our method can synthesize much better results than the state-of-the-art methods in both quantitative and qualitative comparisons. 
### 4.Subjective Annotation for a Frame Interpolation Benchmark using Artifact Amplification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06409.pdf)
>  Current benchmarks for optical flow algorithms evaluate the estimation either directly by comparing the predicted flow fields with the ground truth or indirectly by using the predicted flow fields for frame interpolation and then comparing the interpolated frames with the actual frames. In the latter case, objective quality measures such as the mean squared error are typically employed. However, it is well known that for image quality assessment, the actual quality experienced by the user cannot be fully deduced from such simple measures. Hence, we conducted a subjective quality assessment crowdscouring study for the interpolated frames provided by one of the optical flow benchmarks, the Middlebury benchmark. It contains interpolated frames from 155 methods applied to each of 8 contents. We collected forced choice paired comparisons between interpolated images and corresponding ground truth. To increase the sensitivity of observers when judging minute difference in paired comparisons we introduced a new method to the field of full-reference quality assessment, called artifact amplification. From the crowdsourcing data we reconstructed absolute quality scale values according to Thurstone's model. As a result, we obtained a re-ranking of the 155 participating algorithms w.r.t. the visual quality of the interpolated frames. This re-ranking not only shows the necessity of visual quality assessment as another evaluation metric for optical flow and frame interpolation benchmarks, the results also provide the ground truth for designing novel image quality assessment (IQA) methods dedicated to perceptual quality of interpolated images. As a first step, we proposed such a new full-reference method, called WAE-IQA. By weighing the local differences between an interpolated image and its ground truth WAE-IQA performed slightly better than the currently best FR-IQA approach from the literature. 
### 5.GraphBGS: Background Subtraction via Recovery of Graph Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06404.pdf)
>  Graph-based algorithms have been successful approaching the problems of unsupervised and semi-supervised learning. Recently, the theory of graph signal processing and semi-supervised learning have been combined leading to new developments and insights in the field of machine learning. In this paper, concepts of recovery of graph signals and semi-supervised learning are introduced in the problem of background subtraction. We propose a new algorithm named GraphBGS, this method uses a Mask R-CNN for instances segmentation; temporal median filter for background initialization; motion, texture, color, and structural features for representing the nodes of a graph; k-nearest neighbors for the construction of the graph; and finally a semi-supervised method inspired from the theory of recovery of graph signals to solve the problem of background subtraction. The method is evaluated on the publicly available change detection, and scene background initialization databases. Experimental results show that GraphBGS outperforms unsupervised background subtraction algorithms in some challenges of the change detection dataset. And most significantly, this method outperforms generative adversarial networks in unseen videos in some sequences of the scene background initialization database. 
### 6.Latency-Aware Differentiable Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06392.pdf)
>  Differentiable neural architecture search methods became popular in automated machine learning, mainly due to their low search costs and flexibility in designing the search space. However, these methods suffer the difficulty in optimizing network, so that the searched network is often unfriendly to hardware. This paper deals with this problem by adding a differentiable latency loss term into optimization, so that the search process can tradeoff between accuracy and latency with a balancing coefficient. The core of latency prediction is to encode each network architecture and feed it into a multi-layer regressor, with the training data being collected from randomly sampling a number of architectures and evaluating them on the hardware. We evaluate our approach on NVIDIA Tesla-P100 GPUs. With 100K sampled architectures (requiring a few hours), the latency prediction module arrives at a relative error of lower than 10\%. Equipped with this module, the search method can reduce the latency by 20% meanwhile preserving the accuracy. Our approach also enjoys the ability of being transplanted to a wide range of hardware platforms with very few efforts, or being used to optimizing other non-differentiable factors such as power consumption. 
### 7.BigEarthNet Deep Learning Models with A New Class-Nomenclature for Remote Sensing Image Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06372.pdf)
>  Success of deep neural networks in the framework of remote sensing (RS) image analysis depends on the availability of a high number of annotated images. BigEarthNet is a new large-scale Sentinel-2 benchmark archive that has been recently introduced in RS to advance deep learning (DL) studies. Each image patch in BigEarthNet is annotated with multi-labels provided by the CORINE Land Cover (CLC) map of 2018 based on its most thematic detailed Level-3 class nomenclature. BigEarthNet has enabled data-hungry DL algorithms to reach high performance in the context of multi-label RS image retrieval and classification. However, initial research demonstrates that some CLC classes are challenging to be accurately described by considering only (single-date) Sentinel-2 images. To further increase the effectiveness of BigEarthNet, in this paper we introduce an alternative class-nomenclature to allow DL models for better learning and describing the complex spatial and spectral information content of the Sentinel-2 images. This is achieved by interpreting and arranging the CLC Level-3 nomenclature based on the properties of Sentinel-2 images in a new nomenclature of 19 classes. Then, the new class-nomenclature of BigEarthNet is used within state-of-the-art DL models (namely VGG model at the depth of 16 and 19 layers [VGG16 and VGG19] and ResNet model at the depth of 50, 101 and 152 layers [ResNet50, ResNet101, ResNet152] as well as K-Branch CNN model) in the context of multi-label classification. Experimental results show that the models trained from scratch on BigEarthNet outperform those pre-trained on ImageNet, especially in relation to some complex classes including agriculture and other vegetated and natural environments. All DL models are made publicly available, offering an important resource to guide future progress on content based image retrieval and scene classification problems in RS. 
### 8.Efficient Facial Feature Learning with Wide Ensemble-based Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06338.pdf)
>  Ensemble methods, traditionally built with independently trained de-correlated models, have proven to be efficient methods for reducing the remaining residual generalization error, which results in robust and accurate methods for real-world applications. In the context of deep learning, however, training an ensemble of deep networks is costly and generates high redundancy which is inefficient. In this paper, we present experiments on Ensembles with Shared Representations (ESRs) based on convolutional networks to demonstrate, quantitatively and qualitatively, their data processing efficiency and scalability to large-scale datasets of facial expressions. We show that redundancy and computational load can be dramatically reduced by varying the branching level of the ESR without loss of diversity and generalization power, which are both important for ensemble performance. Experiments on large-scale datasets suggest that ESRs reduce the remaining residual generalization error on the AffectNet and FER+ datasets, reach human-level performance, and outperform state-of-the-art methods on facial expression recognition in the wild using emotion and affect concepts. 
### 9.Vision Meets Drones: Past, Present and Future  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06303.pdf)
>  Drones, or general UAVs, equipped with cameras have been fast deployed with a wide range of applications, including agriculture, aerial photography, fast delivery, and surveillance. Consequently, automatic understanding of visual data collected from drones becomes highly demanding, bringing computer vision and drones more and more closely. To promote and track the developments of object detection and tracking algorithms, we have organized two challenge workshops in conjunction with European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV) 2018, and IEEE International Conference on Computer Vision (ICCV) 2019, attracting more than 100 teams around the world. We provide a large-scale drone captured dataset, VisDrone, which includes four tracks, i.e., (1) image object detection, (2) video object detection, (3) single object tracking, and (4) multi-object tracking. This paper first presents a thorough review of object detection and tracking datasets and benchmarks, and discuss the challenges of collecting large-scale drone-based object detection and tracking datasets with fully manual annotations. After that, we describe our VisDrone dataset, which is captured over various urban/suburban areas of $14$ different cities across China from North to South. Being the largest such dataset ever published, VisDrone enables extensive evaluation and investigation of visual analysis algorithms on the drone platform. We provide a detailed analysis of the current state of the field of large-scale object detection and tracking on drones, and conclude the challenge as well as propose future directions and improvements. We expect the benchmark largely boost the research and development in video analysis on drone platforms. All the datasets and experimental results can be downloaded from the website: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VisDrone/VisDrone-Dataset" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 10.Predicting the Physical Dynamics of Unseen 3D Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06291.pdf)
>  Machines that can predict the effect of physical interactions on the dynamics of previously unseen object instances are important for creating better robots and interactive virtual worlds. In this work, we focus on predicting the dynamics of 3D objects on a plane that have just been subjected to an impulsive force. In particular, we predict the changes in state - 3D position, rotation, velocities, and stability. Different from previous work, our approach can generalize dynamics predictions to object shapes and initial conditions that were unseen during training. Our method takes the 3D object's shape as a point cloud and its initial linear and angular velocities as input. We extract shape features and use a recurrent neural network to predict the full change in state at each time step. Our model can support training with data from both a physics engine or the real world. Experiments show that we can accurately predict the changes in state for unseen object geometries and initial conditions. 
### 11.Review: deep learning on 3D point clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06280.pdf)
>  Point cloud is point sets defined in 3D metric space. Point cloud has become one of the most significant data format for 3D representation. Its gaining increased popularity as a result of increased availability of acquisition devices, such as LiDAR, as well as increased application in areas such as robotics, autonomous driving, augmented and virtual reality. Deep learning is now the most powerful tool for data processing in computer vision, becoming the most preferred technique for tasks such as classification, segmentation, and detection. While deep learning techniques are mainly applied to data with a structured grid, point cloud, on the other hand, is unstructured. The unstructuredness of point clouds makes use of deep learning for its processing directly very challenging. Earlier approaches overcome this challenge by preprocessing the point cloud into a structured grid format at the cost of increased computational cost or lost of depth information. Recently, however, many state-of-the-arts deep learning techniques that directly operate on point cloud are being developed. This paper contains a survey of the recent state-of-the-art deep learning techniques that mainly focused on point cloud data. We first briefly discussed the major challenges faced when using deep learning directly on point cloud, we also briefly discussed earlier approaches which overcome the challenges by preprocessing the point cloud into a structured grid. We then give the review of the various state-of-the-art deep learning approaches that directly process point cloud in its unstructured form. We introduced the popular 3D point cloud benchmark datasets. And we also further discussed the application of deep learning in popular 3D vision tasks including classification, segmentation and detection. 
### 12.Compounding the Performance Improvements of Assembled Techniques in a Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06268.pdf)
>  Recent studies in image classification have demonstrated a variety of techniques for improving the performance of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). However, attempts to combine existing techniques to create a practical model are still uncommon. In this study, we carry out extensive experiments to validate that carefully assembling these techniques and applying them to a basic CNN model in combination can improve the accuracy and robustness of the model while minimizing the loss of throughput. For example, our proposed ResNet-50 shows an improvement in top-1 accuracy from 76.3% to 82.78%, and an mCE improvement from 76.0% to 48.9%, on the ImageNet ILSVRC2012 validation set. With these improvements, inference throughput only decreases from 536 to 312. The resulting model significantly outperforms state-of-the-art models with similar accuracy in terms of mCE and inference throughput. To verify the performance improvement in transfer learning, fine grained classification and image retrieval tasks were tested on several open datasets and showed that the improvement to backbone network performance boosted transfer learning performance significantly. Our approach achieved 1st place in the iFood Competition Fine-Grained Visual Recognition at CVPR 2019, and the source code and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/clovaai/assembled-cnn" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 13.SieveNet: A Unified Framework for Robust Image-Based Virtual Try-On  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06265.pdf)
>  Image-based virtual try-on for fashion has gained considerable attention recently. The task requires trying on a clothing item on a target model image. An efficient framework for this is composed of two stages: (1) warping (transforming) the try-on cloth to align with the pose and shape of the target model, and (2) a texture transfer module to seamlessly integrate the warped try-on cloth onto the target model image. Existing methods suffer from artifacts and distortions in their try-on output. In this work, we present SieveNet, a framework for robust image-based virtual try-on. Firstly, we introduce a multi-stage coarse-to-fine warping network to better model fine-grained intricacies (while transforming the try-on cloth) and train it with a novel perceptual geometric matching loss. Next, we introduce a try-on cloth conditioned segmentation mask prior to improve the texture transfer network. Finally, we also introduce a dueling triplet loss strategy for training the texture translation network which further improves the quality of the generated try-on results. We present extensive qualitative and quantitative evaluations of each component of the proposed pipeline and show significant performance improvements against the current state-of-the-art method. 
### 14.Two-Phase Object-Based Deep Learning for Multi-temporal SAR Image Change Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06252.pdf)
>  Change detection is one of the fundamental applications of synthetic aperture radar (SAR) images. However, speckle noise presented in SAR images has a much negative effect on change detection. In this research, a novel two-phase object-based deep learning approach is proposed for multi-temporal SAR image change detection. Compared with traditional methods, the proposed approach brings two main innovations. One is to classify all pixels into three categories rather than two categories: unchanged pixels, changed pixels caused by strong speckle (false changes), and changed pixels formed by real terrain variation (real changes). The other is to group neighboring pixels into segmented into superpixel objects (from pixels) such as to exploit local spatial context. Two phases are designed in the methodology: 1) Generate objects based on the simple linear iterative clustering algorithm, and discriminate these objects into changed and unchanged classes using fuzzy c-means (FCM) clustering and a deep PCANet. The prediction of this Phase is the set of changed and unchanged superpixels. 2) Deep learning on the pixel sets over the changed superpixels only, obtained in the first phase, to discriminate real changes from false changes. SLIC is employed again to achieve new superpixels in the second phase. Low rank and sparse decomposition are applied to these new superpixels to suppress speckle noise significantly. A further clustering step is applied to these new superpixels via FCM. A new PCANet is then trained to classify two kinds of changed superpixels to achieve the final change maps. Numerical experiments demonstrate that, compared with benchmark methods, the proposed approach can distinguish real changes from false changes effectively with significantly reduced false alarm rates, and achieve up to 99.71% change detection accuracy using multi-temporal SAR imagery. 
### 15.Registration made easy -- standalone orthopedic navigation with HoloLens  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06209.pdf)
>  In surgical navigation, finding correspondence between preoperative plan and intraoperative anatomy, the so-called registration task, is imperative. One promising approach is to intraoperatively digitize anatomy and register it with the preoperative plan. State-of-the-art commercial navigation systems implement such approaches for pedicle screw placement in spinal fusion surgery. Although these systems improve surgical accuracy, they are not gold standard in clinical practice. Besides economical reasons, this may be due to their difficult integration into clinical workflows and unintuitive navigation feedback. Augmented Reality has the potential to overcome these limitations. Consequently, we propose a surgical navigation approach comprising intraoperative surface digitization for registration and intuitive holographic navigation for pedicle screw placement that runs entirely on the Microsoft HoloLens. Preliminary results from phantom experiments suggest that the method may meet clinical accuracy requirements. 
### 16.FPCR-Net: Feature Pyramidal Correlation and Residual Reconstruction for Semi-supervised Optical Flow Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06171.pdf)
>  Optical flow estimation is an important yet challenging problem in the field of video analytics. The features of different semantics levels/layers of a convolutional neural network can provide information of different granularity. To exploit such flexible and comprehensive information, we propose a semi-supervised Feature Pyramidal Correlation and Residual Reconstruction Network (FPCR-Net) for optical flow estimation from frame pairs. It consists of two main modules: pyramid correlation mapping and residual reconstruction. The pyramid correlation mapping module takes advantage of the multi-scale correlations of global/local patches by aggregating features of different scales to form a multi-level cost volume. The residual reconstruction module aims to reconstruct the sub-band high-frequency residuals of finer optical flow in each stage. Based on the pyramid correlation mapping, we further propose a correlation-warping-normalization (CWN) module to efficiently exploit the correlation dependency. Experiment results show that the proposed scheme achieves the state-of-the-art performance, with improvement by 0.80, 1.15 and 0.10 in terms of average end-point error (AEE) against competing baseline methods - FlowNet2, LiteFlowNet and PWC-Net on the Final pass of Sintel dataset, respectively. 
### 17.Interpreting Galaxy Deblender GAN from the Discriminator's Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06151.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) are well known for their unsupervised learning capabilities. A recent success in the field of astronomy is deblending two overlapping galaxy images via a branched GAN model. However, it remains a significant challenge to comprehend how the network works, which is particularly difficult for non-expert users. This research focuses on behaviors of one of the network's major components, the Discriminator, which plays a vital role but is often overlooked, Specifically, we enhance the Layer-wise Relevance Propagation (LRP) scheme to generate a heatmap-based visualization. We call this technique Polarized-LRP and it consists of two parts i.e. positive contribution heatmaps for ground truth images and negative contribution heatmaps for generated images. Using the Galaxy Zoo dataset we demonstrate that our method clearly reveals attention areas of the Discriminator when differentiating generated galaxy images from ground truth images. To connect the Discriminator's impact on the Generator, we visualize the gradual changes of the Generator across the training process. An interesting result we have achieved there is the detection of a problematic data augmentation procedure that would else have remained hidden. We find that our proposed method serves as a useful visual analytical tool for a deeper understanding of GAN models. 
### 18.Learning to Augment Expressions for Few-shot Fine-grained Facial Expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06144.pdf)
>  Affective computing and cognitive theory are widely used in modern human-computer interaction scenarios. Human faces, as the most prominent and easily accessible features, have attracted great attention from researchers. Since humans have rich emotions and developed musculature, there exist a lot of fine-grained expressions in real-world applications. However, it is extremely time-consuming to collect and annotate a large number of facial images, of which may even require psychologists to correctly categorize them. To the best of our knowledge, the existing expression datasets are only limited to several basic facial expressions, which are not sufficient to support our ambitions in developing successful human-computer interaction systems. To this end, a novel Fine-grained Facial Expression Database - F2ED is contributed in this paper, and it includes more than 200k images with 54 facial expressions from 119 persons. Considering the phenomenon of uneven data distribution and lack of samples is common in real-world scenarios, we further evaluate several tasks of few-shot expression learning by virtue of our F2ED, which are to recognize the facial expressions given only few training instances. These tasks mimic human performance to learn robust and general representation from few examples. To address such few-shot tasks, we propose a unified task-driven framework - Compositional Generative Adversarial Network (Comp-GAN) learning to synthesize facial images and thus augmenting the instances of few-shot expression classes. Extensive experiments are conducted on F2ED and existing facial expression datasets, i.e., JAFFE and FER2013, to validate the efficacy of our F2ED in pre-training facial expression recognition network and the effectiveness of our proposed approach Comp-GAN to improve the performance of few-shot recognition tasks. 
### 19.Spatio-Temporal Ranked-Attention Networks for Video Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06127.pdf)
>  Generating video descriptions automatically is a challenging task that involves a complex interplay between spatio-temporal visual features and language models. Given that videos consist of spatial (frame-level) features and their temporal evolutions, an effective captioning model should be able to attend to these different cues selectively. To this end, we propose a Spatio-Temporal and Temporo-Spatial (STaTS) attention model which, conditioned on the language state, hierarchically combines spatial and temporal attention to videos in two different orders: (i) a spatio-temporal (ST) sub-model, which first attends to regions that have temporal evolution, then temporally pools the features from these regions; and (ii) a temporo-spatial (TS) sub-model, which first decides a single frame to attend to, then applies spatial attention within that frame. We propose a novel LSTM-based temporal ranking function, which we call ranked attention, for the ST model to capture action dynamics. Our entire framework is trained end-to-end. We provide experiments on two benchmark datasets: MSVD and MSR-VTT. Our results demonstrate the synergy between the ST and TS modules, outperforming recent state-of-the-art methods. 
### 20.Automatic Discovery of Political Meme Genres with Diverse Appearances  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06122.pdf)
>  Forms of human communication are not static --- we expect some evolution in the way information is conveyed over time because of advances in technology. One example of this phenomenon is the image-based meme, which has emerged as a dominant form of political messaging in the past decade. While originally used to spread jokes on social media, memes are now having an outsized impact on public perception of world events. A significant challenge in automatic meme analysis has been the development of a strategy to match memes from within a single genre when the appearances of the images vary. Such variation is especially common in memes exhibiting mimicry. For example, when voters perform a common hand gesture to signal their support for a candidate. In this paper we introduce a scalable automated visual recognition pipeline for discovering political meme genres of diverse appearance. This pipeline can ingest meme images from a social network, apply computer vision-based techniques to extract local features and index new images into a database, and then organize the memes into related genres. To validate this approach, we perform a large case study on the 2019 Indonesian Presidential Election using a new dataset of over two million images collected from Twitter and Instagram. Results show that this approach can discover new meme genres with visually diverse images that share common stylistic elements, paving the way forward for further work in semantic analysis and content attribution. 
### 21.On- Device Information Extraction from Screenshots in form of tags  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06094.pdf)
>  We propose a method to make mobile screenshots easily searchable. In this paper, we present the workflow in which we: 1) preprocessed a collection of screenshots, 2) identified script presentin image, 3) extracted unstructured text from images, 4) identifiedlanguage of the extracted text, 5) extracted keywords from the text, 6) identified tags based on image features, 7) expanded tag set by identifying related keywords, 8) inserted image tags with relevant images after ranking and indexed them to make it searchable on device. We made the pipeline which supports multiple languages and executed it on-device, which addressed privacy concerns. We developed novel architectures for components in the pipeline, optimized performance and memory for on-device computation. We observed from experimentation that the solution developed can reduce overall user effort and improve end user experience while searching, whose results are published. 
### 22.Tracking of Micro Unmanned Aerial Vehicles: A Comparative Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06066.pdf)
>  Micro unmanned aerial vehicles (mUAV) became very common in recent years. As a result of their widespread usage, when they are flown by hobbyists illegally, crucial risks are imposed and such mUAVs need to be sensed by security systems. Furthermore, the sensing of mUAVs are essential for also swarm robotics research where the individuals in a flock of robots require systems to sense and localize each other for coordinated operation. In order to obtain such systems, there are studies to detect mUAVs utilizing different sensing mediums, such as vision, infrared and sound signals, and small-scale radars. However, there are still challenges that awaits to be handled in this field such as integrating tracking approaches to the vision-based detection systems to enhance accuracy and computational complexity. For this reason, in this study, we combine various tracking approaches to a vision-based mUAV detection system available in the literature, in order to evaluate different tracking approaches in terms of accuracy and as well as investigate the effect of such integration to the computational cost. 
### 23.Increasing the robustness of DNNs against image corruptions by playing the Game of Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06057.pdf)
>  The human visual system is remarkably robust against a wide range of naturally occurring variations and corruptions like rain or snow. In contrast, the performance of modern image recognition models strongly degrades when evaluated on previously unseen corruptions. Here, we demonstrate that a simple but properly tuned training with additive Gaussian and Speckle noise generalizes surprisingly well to unseen corruptions, easily reaching the previous state of the art on the corruption benchmark ImageNet-C (with ResNet50) and on MNIST-C. We build on top of these strong baseline results and show that an adversarial training of the recognition model against uncorrelated worst-case noise distributions leads to an additional increase in performance. This regularization can be combined with previously proposed defense methods for further improvement. 
### 24.Modality-Balanced Models for Visual Dialogue  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06354.pdf)
>  The Visual Dialog task requires a model to exploit both image and conversational context information to generate the next response to the dialogue. However, via manual analysis, we find that a large number of conversational questions can be answered by only looking at the image without any access to the context history, while others still need the conversation context to predict the correct answers. We demonstrate that due to this reason, previous joint-modality (history and image) models over-rely on and are more prone to memorizing the dialogue history (e.g., by extracting certain keywords or patterns in the context information), whereas image-only models are more generalizable (because they cannot memorize or extract keywords from history) and perform substantially better at the primary normalized discounted cumulative gain (NDCG) task metric which allows multiple correct answers. Hence, this observation encourages us to explicitly maintain two models, i.e., an image-only model and an image-history joint model, and combine their complementary abilities for a more balanced multimodal model. We present multiple methods for this integration of the two models, via ensemble and consensus dropout fusion with shared parameters. Empirically, our models achieve strong results on the Visual Dialog challenge 2019 (rank 3 on NDCG and high balance across metrics), and substantially outperform the winner of the Visual Dialog challenge 2018 on most metrics. 
### 25.Tethered Aerial Visual Assistance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06347.pdf)
>  In this paper, an autonomous tethered Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) is developed into a visual assistant in a marsupial co-robots team, collaborating with a tele-operated Unmanned Ground Vehicle (UGV) for robot operations in unstructured or confined environments. These environments pose extreme challenges to the remote tele-operator due to the lack of sufficient situational awareness, mostly caused by the unstructuredness and confinement, stationary and limited field-of-view and lack of depth perception from the robot's onboard cameras. To overcome these problems, a secondary tele-operated robot is used in current practices, who acts as a visual assistant and provides external viewpoints to overcome the perceptual limitations of the primary robot's onboard sensors. However, a second tele-operated robot requires extra manpower and teamwork demand between primary and secondary operators. The manually chosen viewpoints tend to be subjective and sub-optimal. Considering these intricacies, we develop an autonomous tethered aerial visual assistant in place of the secondary tele-operated robot and operator, to reduce human robot ratio from 2:2 to 1:2. Using a fundamental viewpoint quality theory, a formal risk reasoning framework, and a newly developed tethered motion suite, our visual assistant is able to autonomously navigate to good-quality viewpoints in a risk-aware manner through unstructured or confined spaces with a tether. The developed marsupial co-robots team could improve tele-operation efficiency in nuclear operations, bomb squad, disaster robots, and other domains with novel tasks or highly occluded environments, by reducing manpower and teamwork demand, and achieving better visual assistance quality with trustworthy risk-aware motion. 
### 26.DeepSUM++: Non-local Deep Neural Network for Super-Resolution of Unregistered Multitemporal Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06342.pdf)
>  Deep learning methods for super-resolution of a remote sensing scene from multiple unregistered low-resolution images have recently gained attention thanks to a challenge proposed by the European Space Agency. This paper presents an evolution of the winner of the challenge, showing how incorporating non-local information in a convolutional neural network allows to exploit self-similar patterns that provide enhanced regularization of the super-resolution problem. Experiments on the dataset of the challenge show improved performance over the state-of-the-art, which does not exploit non-local information. 
### 27.Detection Method Based on Automatic Visual Shape Clustering for Pin-Missing Defect in Transmission Lines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06236.pdf)
>  Bolts are the most numerous fasteners in transmission lines and are prone to losing their split pins. How to realize the automatic pin-missing defect detection for bolts in transmission lines so as to achieve timely and efficient trouble shooting is a difficult problem and the long-term research target of power systems. In this paper, an automatic detection model called Automatic Visual Shape Clustering Network (AVSCNet) for pin-missing defect is constructed. Firstly, an unsupervised clustering method for the visual shapes of bolts is proposed and applied to construct a defect detection model which can learn the difference of visual shape. Next, three deep convolutional neural network optimization methods are used in the model: the feature enhancement, feature fusion and region feature extraction. The defect detection results are obtained by applying the regression calculation and classification to the regional features. In this paper, the object detection model of different networks is used to test the dataset of pin-missing defect constructed by the aerial images of transmission lines from multiple locations, and it is evaluated by various indicators and is fully verified. The results show that our method can achieve considerably satisfactory detection effect. 
### 28.Sideways: Depth-Parallel Training of Video Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06232.pdf)
>  We propose Sideways, an approximate backpropagation scheme for training video models. In standard backpropagation, the gradients and activations at every computation step through the model are temporally synchronized. The forward activations need to be stored until the backward pass is executed, preventing inter-layer (depth) parallelization. However, can we leverage smooth, redundant input streams such as videos to develop a more efficient training scheme? Here, we explore an alternative to backpropagation; we overwrite network activations whenever new ones, i.e., from new frames, become available. Such a more gradual accumulation of information from both passes breaks the precise correspondence between gradients and activations, leading to theoretically more noisy weight updates. Counter-intuitively, we show that Sideways training of deep convolutional video networks not only still converges, but can also potentially exhibit better generalization compared to standard synchronized backpropagation. 
### 29.FedVision: An Online Visual Object Detection Platform Powered by Federated Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06202.pdf)
>  Visual object detection is a computer vision-based artificial intelligence (AI) technique which has many practical applications (e.g., fire hazard monitoring). However, due to privacy concerns and the high cost of transmitting video data, it is highly challenging to build object detection models on centrally stored large training datasets following the current approach. Federated learning (FL) is a promising approach to resolve this challenge. Nevertheless, there currently lacks an easy to use tool to enable computer vision application developers who are not experts in federated learning to conveniently leverage this technology and apply it in their systems. In this paper, we report FedVision - a machine learning engineering platform to support the development of federated learning powered computer vision applications. The platform has been deployed through a collaboration between WeBank and Extreme Vision to help customers develop computer vision-based safety monitoring solutions in smart city applications. Over four months of usage, it has achieved significant efficiency improvement and cost reduction while removing the need to transmit sensitive data for three major corporate customers. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first real application of FL in computer vision-based tasks. 
### 30.Spatiotemporal Camera-LiDAR Calibration: A Targetless and Structureless Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06175.pdf)
>  The demand for multimodal sensing systems for robotics is growing due to the increase in robustness, reliability and accuracy offered by these systems. These systems also need to be spatially and temporally co-registered to be effective. In this paper, we propose a targetless and structureless spatiotemporal camera-LiDAR calibration method. Our method combines a closed-form solution with a modified structureless bundle adjustment where the coarse-to-fine approach does not {require} an initial guess on the spatiotemporal parameters. Also, as 3D features (structure) are calculated from triangulation only, there is no need to have a calibration target or to match 2D features with the 3D point cloud which provides flexibility in the calibration process and sensor configuration. We demonstrate the accuracy and robustness of the proposed method through both simulation and real data experiments using multiple sensor payload configurations mounted to hand-held, aerial and legged robot systems. Also, qualitative results are given in the form of a colorized point cloud visualization. 
### 31.An adversarial learning framework for preserving users' anonymity in face-based emotion recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06103.pdf)
>  Image and video-capturing technologies have permeated our every-day life. Such technologies can continuously monitor individuals' expressions in real-life settings, affording us new insights into their emotional states and transitions, thus paving the way to novel well-being and healthcare applications. Yet, due to the strong privacy concerns, the use of such technologies is met with strong skepticism, since current face-based emotion recognition systems relying on deep learning techniques tend to preserve substantial information related to the identity of the user, apart from the emotion-specific information. This paper proposes an adversarial learning framework which relies on a convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture trained through an iterative procedure for minimizing identity-specific information and maximizing emotion-dependent information. The proposed approach is evaluated through emotion classification and face identification metrics, and is compared against two CNNs, one trained solely for emotion recognition and the other trained solely for face identification. Experiments are performed using the Yale Face Dataset and Japanese Female Facial Expression Database. Results indicate that the proposed approach can learn a convolutional transformation for preserving emotion recognition accuracy and degrading face identity recognition, providing a foundation toward privacy-aware emotion recognition technologies. 
### 32.Code-Bridged Classifier (CBC): A Low or Negative Overhead Defense for Making a CNN Classifier Robust Against Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06099.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose Code-Bridged Classifier (CBC), a framework for making a Convolutional Neural Network (CNNs) robust against adversarial attacks without increasing or even by decreasing the overall models' computational complexity. More specifically, we propose a stacked encoder-convolutional model, in which the input image is first encoded by the encoder module of a denoising auto-encoder, and then the resulting latent representation (without being decoded) is fed to a reduced complexity CNN for image classification. We illustrate that this network not only is more robust to adversarial examples but also has a significantly lower computational complexity when compared to the prior art defenses. 
### 33.Curriculum Labeling: Self-paced Pseudo-Labeling for Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.06001.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning aims to take advantage of a large amount of unlabeled data to improve the accuracy of a model that only has access to a small number of labeled examples. We propose curriculum labeling, an approach that exploits pseudo-labeling for propagating labels to unlabeled samples in an iterative and self-paced fashion. This approach is surprisingly simple and effective and surpasses or is comparable with the best methods proposed in the recent literature across all the standard benchmarks for image classification. Notably, we obtain 94.91% accuracy on CIFAR-10 using only 4,000 labeled samples, and 88.56% top-5 accuracy on Imagenet-ILSVRC using 128,000 labeled samples. In contrast to prior works, our approach shows improvements even in a more realistic scenario that leverages out-of-distribution unlabeled data samples. 
