# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 1 Jan 2020
### 1.OneGAN: Simultaneous Unsupervised Learning of Conditional Image Generation, Foreground Segmentation, and Fine-Grained Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13471.pdf)
>  We present a method for simultaneously learning, in an unsupervised manner, (i) a conditional image generator, (ii) foreground extraction and segmentation, (iii) clustering into a two-level class hierarchy, and (iv) object removal and background completion, all done without any use of annotation. The method combines a generative adversarial network and a variational autoencoder, with multiple encoders, generators and discriminators, and benefits from solving all tasks at once. The input to the training scheme is a varied collection of unlabeled images from the same domain, as well as a set of background images without a foreground object. In addition, the image generator can mix the background from one image, with a foreground that is conditioned either on that of a second image or on the index of a desired cluster. The method obtains state of the art results in comparison to the literature methods, when compared to the current state of the art in each of the tasks. 
### 2.GraspNet: A Large-Scale Clustered and Densely Annotated Datase for Object Grasping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13470.pdf)
>  Object grasping is critical for many applications, which is also a challenging computer vision problem. However, for the clustered scene, current researches suffer from the problems of insufficient training data and the lacking of evaluation benchmarks. In this work, we contribute a large-scale grasp pose detection dataset with a unified evaluation system. Our dataset contains 87,040 RGBD images with over 370 million grasp poses. Meanwhile, our evaluation system directly reports whether a grasping is successful or not by analytic computation, which is able to evaluate any kind of grasp poses without exhausted labeling pose ground-truth. We conduct extensive experiments to show that our dataset and evaluation system can align well with real-world experiments. Our dataset, source code and models will be made publicly available. 
### 3.3D Sensing of a Moving Object with a Nodding 2D LIDAR and Reconfigurable Mirrors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13461.pdf)
>  Perception in 3D has become standard practice for a large part of robotics applications. High quality 3D perception is costly. Our previous work on a nodding 2D Lidar provides high quality 3D depth information with low cost, but the sparse data generated by this sensor poses challenges in understanding the characteristics of moving objects within an uncertain environment. This paper proposes a novel design of the nodding Lidar but provides dynamic reconfigurability in terms of limiting the field of view of the sensor using a set of optical mirrors. It not only provides denser scans, but it also achieves a three times higher scan update rate. Additionally, we propose a novel calibration mechanism for this sensor and prove its effectiveness for dynamic object detection and tracking. 
### 4.Face X-ray for More General Face Forgery Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13458.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a novel image representation called face X-ray for detecting forgery in face images. The face X-ray of an input face image is a greyscale image that reveals whether the input image can be decomposed into the blending of two images from different sources. It does so by showing the blending boundary for a forged image and the absence of blending for a real image. We observe that most existing face manipulation methods share a common step: blending the altered face into an existing background image. For this reason, face X-ray provides an effective way for detecting forgery generated by most existing face manipulation algorithms. Face X-ray is general in the sense that it only assumes the existence of a blending step and does not rely on any knowledge of the artifacts associated with a specific face manipulation technique. Indeed, the algorithm for computing face X-ray can be trained without fake images generated by any of the state-of-the-art face manipulation methods. Extensive experiments show that face X-ray remains effective when applied to forgery generated by unseen face manipulation techniques, while most existing face forgery detection algorithms experience a significant performance drop. 
### 5.FaceShifter: Towards High Fidelity And Occlusion Aware Face Swapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13457.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a novel two-stage framework, called FaceShifter, for high fidelity and occlusion aware face swapping. Unlike many existing face swapping works that leverage only limited information from the target image when synthesizing the swapped face, our framework, in its first stage, generates the swapped face in high-fidelity by exploiting and integrating the target attributes thoroughly and adaptively. We propose a novel attributes encoder for extracting multi-level target face attributes, and a new generator with carefully designed Adaptive Attentional Denormalization (AAD) layers to adaptively integrate the identity and the attributes for face synthesis. To address the challenging facial occlusions, we append a second stage consisting of a novel Heuristic Error Acknowledging Refinement Network (HEAR-Net). It is trained to recover anomaly regions in a self-supervised way without any manual annotations. Extensive experiments on wild faces demonstrate that our face swapping results are not only considerably more perceptually appealing, but also better identity preserving in comparison to other state-of-the-art methods. 
### 6.BIRL: Benchmark on Image Registration methods with Landmark validation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13452.pdf)
>  This report presents a generic image registration benchmark with automatic evaluation using landmark annotations. The BIRL framework has a few key features, such as: easily extendable, performance evaluation, parallel experimenting, simple visualisations, experiment's time-out limit, pause/resume experiments. The main use-cases are (a) compare your (newly developed) method with some State-of-the-Art (SOTA) methods on a common dataset and (b) experiment SOTA methods on your custom dataset (which should contain landmark annotation). In this paper, we present mixed-methods aiming at bio-medical imaging and experimental result on CIMA dataset. However, any other methods for other domain can be added or costume dataset to be used. <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://borda.github.io/BIRL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 7.Learning 3D Human Shape and Pose from Dense Body Parts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13344.pdf)
>  Reconstructing 3D human shape and pose from a monocular image is challenging despite the promising results achieved by the most recent learning-based methods. The commonly occurred misalignment comes from the facts that the mapping from images to the model space is highly non-linear and the rotation-based pose representation of the body model is prone to result in the drift of joint positions. In this work, we investigate learning 3D human shape and pose from dense correspondences of body parts and propose a Decompose-and-aggregate Network (DaNet) to address these issues. DaNet adopts the dense correspondence maps, which densely build a bridge between 2D pixels and 3D vertexes, as intermediate representations to facilitate the learning of 2D-to-3D mapping. The prediction modules of DaNet are decomposed into one global stream and multiple local streams to enable global and fine-grained perceptions for the shape and pose predictions, respectively. Messages from local streams are further aggregated to enhance the robust prediction of the rotation-based poses, where a position-aided rotation feature refinement strategy is proposed to exploit spatial relationships between body joints. Moreover, a Part-based Dropout (PartDrop) strategy is introduced to drop out dense information from intermediate representations during training, encouraging the network to focus on more complementary body parts as well as adjacent position features. The effectiveness of our method is validated on both in-door and real-world datasets including the Human3.6M, UP3D, and DensePose-COCO datasets. Experimental results show that the proposed method significantly improves the reconstruction performance in comparison with previous state-of-the-art methods. Our code will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://hongwenzhang.github.io/dense2mesh" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . 
### 8.Unseen Face Presentation Attack Detection Using Class-Specific Sparse One-Class Multiple Kernel Fusion Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13276.pdf)
>  The paper addresses face presentation attack detection in the challenging conditions of an unseen attack scenario where the system is exposed to novel presentation attacks that were not present in the training step. For this purpose, a pure one-class face presentation attack detection approach based on kernel regression is developed which only utilises bona fide (genuine) samples for training. In the context of the proposed approach, a number of innovations, including multiple kernel fusion, client-specific modelling, sparse regularisation and probabilistic modelling of score distributions are introduced to improve the efficacy of the method. The results of experimental evaluations conducted on the OULU-NPU, Replay-Mobile, Replay-Attack and MSU-MFSD datasets illustrate that the proposed method compares very favourably with other methods operating in an unseen attack detection scenario while achieving very competitive performance to multi-class methods (benefiting from presentation attack data for training) despite using only bona fide samples for training. 
### 9.Learning to Infer User Interface Attributes from Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13243.pdf)
>  We explore a new domain of learning to infer user interface attributes that helps developers automate the process of user interface implementation. Concretely, given an input image created by a designer, we learn to infer its implementation which when rendered, looks visually the same as the input image. To achieve this, we take a black box rendering engine and a set of attributes it supports (e.g., colors, border radius, shadow or text properties), use it to generate a suitable synthetic training dataset, and then train specialized neural models to predict each of the attribute values. To improve pixel-level accuracy, we additionally use imitation learning to train a neural policy that refines the predicted attribute values by learning to compute the similarity of the original and rendered images in their attribute space, rather than based on the difference of pixel values. We instantiate our approach to the task of inferring Android Button attribute values and achieve 92.5% accuracy on a dataset consisting of real-world Google Play Store applications. 
### 10.Image Seam-Carving by Controlling Positional Distribution of Seams  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13214.pdf)
>  Image retargeting is a new image processing task that renders the change of aspect ratio in images. One of the most famous image-retargeting algorithms is seam-carving. Although seam-carving is fast and straightforward, it usually distorts the images. In this paper, we introduce a new seam-carving algorithm that not only has the simplicity of the original seam-carving but also lacks the usual unwanted distortion existed in the original method. The positional distribution of seams is introduced. We show that the proposed method outperforms the original seam-carving in terms of retargeted image quality assessment and seam coagulation measures. 
### 11.AdderNet: Do We Really Need Multiplications in Deep Learning?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13200.pdf)
>  Compared with cheap addition operation, multiplication operation is of much higher computation complexity. The widely-used convolutions in deep neural networks are exactly cross-correlation to measure the similarity between input feature and convolution filters, which involves massive multiplications between float values. In this paper, we present adder networks (AdderNets) to trade these massive multiplications in deep neural networks, especially convolutional neural networks (CNNs), for much cheaper additions to reduce computation costs. In AdderNets, we take the $\ell_1$-norm distance between filters and input feature as the output response. The influence of this new similarity measure on the optimization of neural network have been thoroughly analyzed. To achieve a better performance, we develop a special back-propagation approach for AdderNets by investigating the full-precision gradient. We then propose an adaptive learning rate strategy to enhance the training procedure of AdderNets according to the magnitude of each neuron's gradient. As a result, the proposed AdderNets can achieve 74.9% Top-1 accuracy 91.7% Top-5 accuracy using ResNet-50 on the ImageNet dataset without any multiplication in convolution layer. 
### 12.Comparison of object detection methods for crop damage assessment using deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13199.pdf)
>  Severe weather events can cause large financial losses to farmers. Detailed information on the location and severity of damage will assist farmers, insurance companies, and disaster response agencies in making wise post-damage decisions. The goal of this study was a proof-of-concept to detect damaged crop areas from aerial imagery using computer vision and deep learning techniques. A specific objective was to compare existing object detection algorithms to determine which was best suited for crop damage detection. Two modes of crop damage common in maize (corn) production were simulated: stalk lodging at the lowest ear and stalk lodging at ground level. Simulated damage was used to create a training and analysis data set. An unmanned aerial system (UAS) equipped with a RGB camera was used for image acquisition. Three popular object detectors (Faster R-CNN, YOLOv2, and RetinaNet) were assessed for their ability to detect damaged regions in a field. Average precision was used to compare object detectors. YOLOv2 and RetinaNet were able to detect crop damage across multiple late-season growth stages. Faster R-CNN was not successful as the other two advanced detectors. Detecting crop damage at later growth stages was more difficult for all tested object detectors. Weed pressure in simulated damage plots and increased target density added additional complexity. 
### 13.PV-RCNN: Point-Voxel Feature Set Abstraction for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13192.pdf)
>  We present a novel and high-performance 3D object detection framework, named PointVoxel-RCNN (PV-RCNN), for accurate 3D object detection from point clouds. Our proposed method deeply integrates both 3D voxel Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and PointNet-based set abstraction to learn more discriminative point cloud features. It takes advantages of efficient learning and high-quality proposals of the 3D voxel CNN and the flexible receptive fields of the PointNet-based networks. Specifically, the proposed framework summarizes the 3D scene with a 3D voxel CNN into a small set of keypoints via a novel voxel set abstraction module to save follow-up computations and also to encode representative scene features. Given the high-quality 3D proposals generated by the voxel CNN, the RoI-grid pooling is proposed to abstract proposal-specific features from the keypoints to the RoI-grid points via keypoint set abstraction with multiple receptive fields. Compared with conventional pooling operations, the RoI-grid feature points encode much richer context information for accurately estimating object confidences and locations. Extensive experiments on both the KITTI dataset and the Waymo Open dataset show that our proposed PV-RCNN surpasses state-of-the-art 3D detection methods with remarkable margins by using only point clouds. 
### 14.Modeling Neural Architecture Search Methods for Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13183.pdf)
>  There are many research works on the designing of architectures for the deep neural networks (DNN), which are named neural architecture search (NAS) methods. Although there are many automatic and manual techniques for NAS problems, there is no unifying model in which these NAS methods can be explored and compared. In this paper, we propose a general abstraction model for NAS methods. By using the proposed framework, it is possible to compare different design approaches for categorizing and identifying critical areas of interest in designing DNN architectures. Also, under this framework, different methods in the NAS area are summarized; hence a better view of their advantages and disadvantages is possible. 
### 15.Diversity Transfer Network for Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13182.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning is a challenging task that aims at training a classifier for unseen classes with only a few training examples. The main difficulty of few-shot learning lies in the lack of intra-class diversity within insufficient training samples. To alleviate this problem, we propose a novel generative framework, Diversity Transfer Network (DTN), that learns to transfer latent diversities from known categories and composite them with support features to generate diverse samples for novel categories in feature space. The learning problem of the sample generation (i.e., diversity transfer) is solved via minimizing an effective meta-classification loss in a single-stage network, instead of the generative loss in previous works. <br>Besides, an organized auxiliary task co-training over known categories is proposed to stabilize the meta-training process of DTN. We perform extensive experiments and ablation studies on three datasets, i.e., \emph{mini}ImageNet, CIFAR100 and CUB. The results show that DTN, with single-stage training and faster convergence speed, obtains the state-of-the-art results among the feature generation based few-shot learning methods. Code and supplementary material are available at: \texttt{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Yuxin-CV/DTN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>} 
### 16.Modeling Teacher-Student Techniques in Deep Neural Networks for Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13179.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation (KD) is a new method for transferring knowledge of a structure under training to another one. The typical application of KD is in the form of learning a small model (named as a student) by soft labels produced by a complex model (named as a teacher). Due to the novel idea introduced in KD, recently, its notion is used in different methods such as compression and processes that are going to enhance the model accuracy. Although different techniques are proposed in the area of KD, there is a lack of a model to generalize KD techniques. In this paper, various studies in the scope of KD are investigated and analyzed to build a general model for KD. All the methods and techniques in KD can be summarized through the proposed model. By utilizing the proposed model, different methods in KD are better investigated and explored. The advantages and disadvantages of different approaches in KD can be better understood and develop a new strategy for KD can be possible. Using the proposed model, different KD methods are represented in an abstract view. 
### 17.SelectFusion: A Generic Framework to Selectively Learn Multisensory Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13077.pdf)
>  Autonomous vehicles and mobile robotic systems are typically equipped with multiple sensors to provide redundancy. By integrating the observations from different sensors, these mobile agents are able to perceive the environment and estimate system states, e.g. locations and orientations. Although deep learning approaches for multimodal odometry estimation and localization have gained traction, they rarely focus on the issue of robust sensor fusion - a necessary consideration to deal with noisy or incomplete sensor observations in the real world. Moreover, current deep odometry models also suffer from a lack of interpretability. To this extent, we propose SelectFusion, an end-to-end selective sensor fusion module which can be applied to useful pairs of sensor modalities such as monocular images and inertial measurements, depth images and LIDAR point clouds. During prediction, the network is able to assess the reliability of the latent features from different sensor modalities and estimate both trajectory at scale and global pose. In particular, we propose two fusion modules based on different attention strategies: deterministic soft fusion and stochastic hard fusion, and we offer a comprehensive study of the new strategies compared to trivial direct fusion. We evaluate all fusion strategies in both ideal conditions and on progressively degraded datasets that present occlusions, noisy and missing data and time misalignment between sensors, and we investigate the effectiveness of the different fusion strategies in attending the most reliable features, which in itself, provides insights into the operation of the various models. 
### 18.Recognizing Instagram Filtered Images with Feature De-stylization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13000.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have been shown to suffer from poor generalization when small perturbations are added (like Gaussian noise), yet little work has been done to evaluate their robustness to more natural image transformations like photo filters. This paper presents a study on how popular pretrained models are affected by commonly used Instagram filters. To this end, we introduce ImageNet-Instagram, a filtered version of ImageNet, where 20 popular Instagram filters are applied to each image in ImageNet. Our analysis suggests that simple structure preserving filters which only alter the global appearance of an image can lead to large differences in the convolutional feature space. To improve generalization, we introduce a lightweight de-stylization module that predicts parameters used for scaling and shifting feature maps to "undo" the changes incurred by filters, inverting the process of style transfer tasks. We further demonstrate the module can be readily plugged into modern CNN architectures together with skip connections. We conduct extensive studies on ImageNet-Instagram, and show quantitatively and qualitatively, that the proposed module, among other things, can effectively improve generalization by simply learning normalization parameters without retraining the entire network, thus recovering the alterations in the feature space caused by the filters. 
### 19.Characteristic Regularisation for Super-Resolving Face Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12987.pdf)
>  Existing facial image super-resolution (SR) methods focus mostly on improving artificially down-sampled low-resolution (LR) imagery. Such SR models, although strong at handling artificial LR images, often suffer from significant performance drop on genuine LR test data. Previous unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) methods address this issue by training a model using unpaired genuine LR and HR data as well as cycle consistency loss formulation. However, this renders the model overstretched with two tasks: consistifying the visual characteristics and enhancing the image resolution. Importantly, this makes the end-to-end model training ineffective due to the difficulty of back-propagating gradients through two concatenated CNNs. To solve this problem, we formulate a method that joins the advantages of conventional SR and UDA models. Specifically, we separate and control the optimisations for characteristics consistifying and image super-resolving by introducing Characteristic Regularisation (CR) between them. This task split makes the model training more effective and computationally tractable. Extensive evaluations demonstrate the performance superiority of our method over state-of-the-art SR and UDA models on both genuine and artificial LR facial imagery data. 
### 20.Image retrieval approach based on local texture information derived from predefined patterns and spatial domain information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12978.pdf)
>  With the development of Information technology and communication, a large part of the databases is dedicated to images and videos. Thus retrieving images related to a query image from a large database has become an important area of research in computer vision. Until now, there are various methods of image retrieval that try to define image contents by texture, color or shape properties. In this paper, a method is presented for image retrieval based on a combination of local texture information derived from two different texture descriptors. First, the color channels of the input image are separated. The texture information is extracted using two descriptors such as evaluated local binary patterns and predefined pattern units. After extracting the features, the similarity matching is done based on distance criteria. The performance of the proposed method is evaluated in terms of precision and recall on the Simplicity database. The comparative results showed that the proposed approach offers higher precision rate than many known methods. 
### 21.Discovering Latent Classes for Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12936.pdf)
>  High annotation costs are a major bottleneck for the training of semantic segmentation systems. Therefore, methods working with less annotation effort are of special interest. This paper studies the problem of semi-supervised semantic segmentation. This means that only a small subset of the training images is annotated while the other training images do not contain any annotation. In order to leverage the information present in the unlabeled images, we propose to learn a second task that is related to semantic segmentation but easier. On labeled images, we learn latent classes consistent with semantic classes so that the variety of semantic classes assigned to a latent class is as low as possible. On unlabeled images, we predict a probability map for latent classes and use it as a supervision signal to learn semantic segmentation. The latent classes, as well as the semantic classes, are simultaneously predicted by a two-branch network. In our experiments on Pascal VOC and Cityscapes, we show that the latent classes learned this way have an intuitive meaning and that the proposed method achieves state of the art results for semi-supervised semantic segmentation. 
### 22.A New Approach for Explainable Multiple Organ Annotation with Few Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12932.pdf)
>  Despite the recent successes of deep learning, such models are still far from some human abilities like learning from few examples, reasoning and explaining decisions. In this paper, we focus on organ annotation in medical images and we introduce a reasoning framework that is based on learning fuzzy relations on a small dataset for generating explanations. Given a catalogue of relations, it efficiently induces the most relevant relations and combines them for building constraints in order to both solve the organ annotation task and generate explanations. We test our approach on a publicly available dataset of medical images where several organs are already segmented. A demonstration of our model is proposed with an example of explained annotations. It was trained on a small training set containing as few as a couple of examples. 
### 23.PPDM: Parallel Point Detection and Matching for Real-time Human-Object Interaction Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12898.pdf)
>  We propose a single-stage Human-Object Interaction (HOI) detection method that has outperformed all existing methods on HICO-DET dataset at 37 fps on a single Titan XP GPU. It is the first real-time HOI detection method. Conventional HOI detection methods are composed of two stages, i.e., human-object proposals generation, and proposals classification. Their effectiveness and efficiency are limited by the sequential and separate architecture. In this paper, we propose a Parallel Point Detection and Matching (PPDM) HOI detection framework. In PPDM, an HOI is defined as a point triplet &lt; human point, interaction point, object point&gt;. Human and object points are the center of the detection boxes, and the interaction point is the midpoint of the human and object points. PPDM contains two parallel branches, namely point detection branch and point matching branch. The point detection branch predicts three points. Simultaneously, the point matching branch predicts two displacements from the interaction point to its corresponding human and object points. The human point and the object point originated from the same interaction point are considered as matched pairs. In our novel parallel architecture, the interaction points implicitly provide context and regularization for human and object detection. The isolated detection boxes are unlikely to form meaning HOI triplets are suppressed, which increases the precision of HOI detection. Moreover, the matching between human and object detection boxes is only applied around limited numbers of filtered candidate interaction points, which saves much computational cost. Additionally, we build a new applicationoriented database named HOI-A, which severs as a good supplement to the existing datasets. The source code and the dataset will be made publicly available to facilitate the development of HOI detection. 
### 24.Real-time Segmentation and Facial Skin Tones Grading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12888.pdf)
>  Modern approaches for semantic segmention usually pay too much attention to the accuracy of the model, and therefore it is strongly recommended to introduce cumbersome backbones, which brings heavy computation burden and memory footprint. To alleviate this problem, we propose an efficient segmentation method based on deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) for the task of hair and facial skin segmentation, which achieving remarkable trade-off between speed and performance on three benchmark datasets. As far as we know, the accuracy of skin tones classification is usually unsatisfactory due to the influence of external environmental factors such as illumination and background noise. Therefore, we use the segmentated face to obtain a specific face area, and further exploit the color moment algorithm to extract its color features. Specifically, for a 224 x 224 standard input, using our high-resolution spatial detail information and low-resolution contextual information fusion network (HLNet), we achieve 90.73% Pixel Accuracy on Figaro1k dataset at over 16 FPS in the case of CPU environment. Additional experiments on CamVid dataset further confirm the universality of the proposed model. We further use masked color moment for skin tones grade evaluation and approximate 80% classification accuracy demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed scheme.Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JACKYLUO1991/Face-skin-hair-segmentaiton-and-skin-color-evaluation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 25.Integration of Regularized l1 Tracking and Instance Segmentation for Video Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12883.pdf)
>  We introduce a tracking-by-detection method that integrates a deep object detector with a particle filter tracker under the regularization framework where the tracked object is represented by a sparse dictionary. A novel observation model which establishes consensus between the detector and tracker is formulated that enables us to update the dictionary with the guidance of the deep detector. This yields an efficient representation of the object appearance through the video sequence hence improves robustness to occlusion and pose changes. Moreover we propose a new state vector consisting of translation, rotation, scaling and shearing parameters that allows tracking the deformed object bounding boxes hence significantly increases robustness to scale changes. Numerical results reported on challenging VOT2016 and VOT2018 benchmarking data sets demonstrate that the introduced tracker, L1DPF-M, achieves comparable robustness on both data sets while it outperforms state-of-the-art trackers on both data sets where the improvement achieved in success rate at IoU-th=0.5 is 11% and 9%, respectively. 
### 26.Video Depth Estimation by Fusing Flow-to-Depth Proposals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12874.pdf)
>  We present an approach with a novel differentiable flow-to-depth layer for video depth estimation. The model consists of a flow-to-depth layer, a camera pose refinement module, and a depth fusion network. Given optical flow and camera pose, our flow-to-depth layer generates depth proposals and the corresponding confidence maps by explicitly solving an epipolar geometry optimization problem. Unlike other methods, our flow-to-depth layer is differentiable, and thus we can refine camera poses by maximizing the aggregated confidence in camera pose refinement module. Our depth fusion network can utilize depth proposals and their confidence maps inferred from different adjacent frames to produce the final depth map. Furthermore, the depth fusion network can additionally take the depth proposals generated by other methods to improve the results further. The experiments on three public datasets show that our approach outperforms state-of-the-art depth estimation methods, and has strong generalization capability: our model trained on KITTI performs well on the unseen Waymo dataset while other methods degenerate a lot. 
### 27.Defending from adversarial examples with a two-stream architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12859.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep learning has shown impressive performance on many tasks. However, recent researches showed that deep learning systems are vulnerable to small, specially crafted perturbations that are imperceptible to humans. Images with such perturbations are the so called adversarial examples, which have proven to be an indisputable threat to the DNN based applications. The lack of better understanding of the DNNs has prevented the development of efficient defenses against adversarial examples. In this paper, we propose a two-stream architecture to protect CNN from attacking by adversarial examples. Our model draws on the idea of "two-stream" which commonly used in the security field, and successfully defends different kinds of attack methods by the differences of "high-resolution" and "low-resolution" networks in feature extraction. We provide a reasonable interpretation on why our two-stream architecture is difficult to defeat, and show experimentally that our method is hard to defeat with state-of-the-art attacks. We demonstrate that our two-stream architecture is robust to adversarial examples built by currently known attacking algorithms. 
### 28.RC-DARTS: Resource Constrained Differentiable Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12814.pdf)
>  Recent advances show that Neural Architectural Search (NAS) method is able to find state-of-the-art image classification deep architectures. In this paper, we consider the one-shot NAS problem for resource constrained applications. This problem is of great interest because it is critical to choose different architectures according to task complexity when the resource is constrained. Previous techniques are either too slow for one-shot learning or does not take the resource constraint into consideration. In this paper, we propose the resource constrained differentiable architecture search (RC-DARTS) method to learn architectures that are significantly smaller and faster while achieving comparable accuracy. Specifically, we propose to formulate the RC-DARTS task as a constrained optimization problem by adding the resource constraint. An iterative projection method is proposed to solve the given constrained optimization problem. We also propose a multi-level search strategy to enable layers at different depths to adaptively learn different types of neural architectures. Through extensive experiments on the Cifar10 and ImageNet datasets, we show that the RC-DARTS method learns lightweight neural architectures which have smaller model size and lower computational complexity while achieving comparable or better performances than the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 29.Rethinking Convolutional Features in Correlation Filter Based Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12811.pdf)
>  Both accuracy and efficiency are of significant importance to the task of visual object tracking. In recent years, as the surge of deep learning, Deep Convolutional NeuralNetwork (DCNN) becomes a very popular choice among the tracking community. However, due to the high computational complexity, end-to-end visual object trackers can hardly achieve an acceptable inference time and therefore can difficult to be utilized in many real-world applications. In this paper, we revisit a hierarchical deep feature-based visual tracker and found that both the performance and efficiency of the deep tracker are limited by the poor feature quality. Therefore, we propose a feature selection module to select more discriminative features for the trackers. After removing redundant features, our proposed tracker achieves significant improvements in both performance and efficiency. Finally, comparisons with state-of-the-art trackers are provided. 
### 30.PMC-GANs: Generating Multi-Scale High-Quality Pedestrian with Multimodal Cascaded GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12799.pdf)
>  Recently, generative adversarial networks (GANs) have shown great advantages in synthesizing images, leading to a boost of explorations of using faked images to augment data. This paper proposes a multimodal cascaded generative adversarial networks (PMC-GANs) to generate realistic and diversified pedestrian images and augment pedestrian detection data. The generator of our model applies a residual U-net structure, with multi-scale residual blocks to encode features, and attention residual blocks to help decode and rebuild pedestrian images. The model constructs in a coarse-to-fine fashion and adopts cascade structure, which is beneficial to produce high-resolution pedestrians. PMC-GANs outperforms baselines, and when used for data augmentation, it improves pedestrian detection results. 
### 31.Object as Hotspots: An Anchor-Free 3D Object Detection Approach via Firing of Hotspots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12791.pdf)
>  Accurate 3D object detection in LiDAR based point clouds suffers from the challenges of data sparsity and irregularities. Existing methods strive to organize the points regularly, e.g. voxelize, pass them through a designed 2D/3D neural network, and then define object-level anchors that predict offsets of 3D bounding boxes using collective evidence from all the points on the objects of interest. Converse to the state-of-the-art anchor-based methods, based on the very same nature of data sparsity and irregularities, we observe that even points on an isolated object part are informative about position and orientation of the object. We thus argue in this paper for an approach opposite to existing methods using object-level anchors. Technically, we propose to represent an object as a collection of point cliques; one can intuitively think of these point cliques as hotspots, giving rise to the representation of Object as Hotspots (OHS). Based on OHS, we propose a Hotspot Network (HotSpotNet) that performs 3D object detection via firing of hotspots without setting the predefined bounding boxes. A distinctive feature of HotSpotNet is that it makes predictions directly from individual hotspots, and final results are obtained by aggregating these hotspot predictions. Experiments on the KITTI benchmark show the efficacy of our proposed OHS representation. Our one-stage, anchor-free HotSpotNet beats all other one-stage detectors by at least 2% on cars , cyclists and pedestrian for all difficulty levels. Notably, our proposed method performs better on small and difficult objects and we rank the first among all the submitted methods on pedestrian of KITTI test set. 
### 32.Target-less registration of point clouds: A review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12756.pdf)
>  Point cloud registration has been one of the basic steps of point cloud processing, which has a lot of applications in remote sensing and robotics. In this report, we summarized the basic workflow of target-less point cloud registration,namely correspondence determination and transformation estimation. Then we reviewed three commonly used groups of registration approaches, namely the feature matching based methods, the iterative closest points algorithm and the randomly hypothesis and verify based methods. Besides, we analyzed the advantage and disadvantage of these methods are introduced their common application scenarios. At last, we discussed the challenges of current point cloud registration methods and proposed several open questions for the future development of automatic registration approaches. 
### 33.Deep Context-Aware Kernel Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12735.pdf)
>  Context plays a crucial role in visual recognition as it provides complementary clues for different learning tasks including image classification and annotation. As the performances of these tasks are currently reaching a plateau, any extra knowledge, including context, should be leveraged in order to seek significant leaps in these performances. In the particular scenario of kernel machines, context-aware kernel design aims at learning positive semi-definite similarity functions which return high values not only when data share similar contents, but also similar structures (a.k.a contexts). However, the use of context in kernel design has not been fully explored; indeed, context in these solutions is handcrafted instead of being learned. In this paper, we introduce a novel deep network architecture that learns context in kernel design. This architecture is fully determined by the solution of an objective function mixing a content term that captures the intrinsic similarity between data, a context criterion which models their structure and a regularization term that helps designing smooth kernel network representations. The solution of this objective function defines a particular deep network architecture whose parameters correspond to different variants of learned contexts including layerwise, stationary and classwise; larger values of these parameters correspond to the most influencing contextual relationships between data. Extensive experiments conducted on the challenging ImageCLEF Photo Annotation and Corel5k benchmarks show that our deep context networks are highly effective for image classification and the learned contexts further enhance the performance of image annotation. 
### 34.The Semantic Mutex Watershed for Efficient Bottom-Up Semantic Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12717.pdf)
>  Semantic instance segmentation is the task of simultaneously partitioning an image into distinct segments while associating each pixel with a class label. In commonly used pipelines, segmentation and label assignment are solved separately since joint optimization is computationally expensive. We propose a greedy algorithm for joint graph partitioning and labeling derived from the efficient Mutex Watershed partitioning algorithm. It optimizes an objective function closely related to the Symmetric Multiway Cut objective and empirically shows efficient scaling behavior. Due to the algorithm's efficiency it can operate directly on pixels without prior over-segmentation of the image into superpixels. We evaluate the performance on the Cityscapes dataset (2D urban scenes) and on a 3D microscopy volume. In urban scenes, the proposed algorithm combined with current deep neural networks outperforms the strong baseline of `Panoptic Feature Pyramid Networks' by Kirillov et al. (2019). In the 3D electron microscopy images, we show explicitly that our joint formulation outperforms a separate optimization of the partitioning and labeling problems. 
### 35.Very Long Natural Scenery Image Prediction by Outpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12688.pdf)
>  Comparing to image inpainting, image outpainting receives less attention due to two challenges in it. The first challenge is how to keep the spatial and content consistency between generated images and original input. The second challenge is how to maintain high quality in generated results, especially for multi-step generations in which generated regions are spatially far away from the initial input. To solve the two problems, we devise some innovative modules, named Skip Horizontal Connection and Recurrent Content Transfer, and integrate them into our designed encoder-decoder structure. By this design, our network can generate highly realistic outpainting prediction effectively and efficiently. Other than that, our method can generate new images with very long sizes while keeping the same style and semantic content as the given input. To test the effectiveness of the proposed architecture, we collect a new scenery dataset with diverse, complicated natural scenes. The experimental results on this dataset have demonstrated the efficacy of our proposed network. The code and dataset are available from <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/z-x-yang/NS-Outpainting" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 36.FLAT: Few-Shot Learning via Autoencoding Transformation Regularizers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12674.pdf)
>  One of the most significant challenges facing a few-shot learning task is the generalizability of the (meta-)model from the base to the novel categories. Most of existing few-shot learning models attempt to address this challenge by either learning the meta-knowledge from multiple simulated tasks on the base categories, or resorting to data augmentation by applying various transformations to training examples. However, the supervised nature of model training in these approaches limits their ability of exploring variations across different categories, thus restricting their cross-category generalizability in modeling novel concepts. To this end, we present a novel regularization mechanism by learning the change of feature representations induced by a distribution of transformations without using the labels of data examples. We expect this regularizer could expand the semantic space of base categories to cover that of novel categories through the transformation of feature representations. It could minimize the risk of overfitting into base categories by inspecting the transformation-augmented variations at the encoded feature level. This results in the proposed FLAT (Few-shot Learning via Autoencoding Transformations) approach by autoencoding the applied transformations. The experiment results show the superior performances to the current state-of-the-art methods in literature. 
### 37.Mixed-Precision Quantized Neural Network with Progressively Decreasing Bitwidth For Image Classification and Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12656.pdf)
>  Efficient model inference is an important and practical issue in the deployment of deep neural network on resource constraint platforms. Network quantization addresses this problem effectively by leveraging low-bit representation and arithmetic that could be conducted on dedicated embedded systems. In the previous works, the parameter bitwidth is set homogeneously and there is a trade-off between superior performance and aggressive compression. Actually the stacked network layers, which are generally regarded as hierarchical feature extractors, contribute diversely to the overall performance. For a well-trained neural network, the feature distributions of different categories differentiate gradually as the network propagates forward. Hence the capability requirement on the subsequent feature extractors is reduced. It indicates that the neurons in posterior layers could be assigned with lower bitwidth for quantized neural networks. Based on this observation, a simple but effective mixed-precision quantized neural network with progressively ecreasing bitwidth is proposed to improve the trade-off between accuracy and compression. Extensive experiments on typical network architectures and benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed method could achieve better or comparable results while reducing the memory space for quantized parameters by more than 30\% in comparison with the homogeneous counterparts. In addition, the results also demonstrate that the higher-precision bottom layers could boost the 1-bit network performance appreciably due to a better preservation of the original image information while the lower-precision posterior layers contribute to the regularization of $k-$bit networks. 
### 38.Personalizing Fast-Forward Videos Based on Visual and Textual Features from Social Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12655.pdf)
>  The growth of Social Networks has fueled the habit of people logging their day-to-day activities, and long First-Person Videos (FPVs) are one of the main tools in this new habit. Semantic-aware fast-forward methods are able to decrease the watch time and select meaningful moments, which is key to increase the chances of these videos being watched. However, these methods can not handle semantics in terms of personalization. In this work, we present a new approach to automatically creating personalized fast-forward videos for FPVs. Our approach explores the availability of text-centric data from the user's social networks such as status updates to infer her/his topics of interest and assigns scores to the input frames according to her/his preferences. Extensive experiments are conducted on three different datasets with simulated and real-world users as input, achieving an average F1 score of up to 12.8 percentage points higher than the best competitors. We also present a user study to demonstrate the effectiveness of our method. 
### 39.Copy Move Source-Target Disambiguation through Multi-Branch CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12640.pdf)
>  We propose a method to identify the source and target regions of a copy-move forgery so allow a correct localisation of the tampered area. First, we cast the problem into a hypothesis testing framework whose goal is to decide which region between the two nearly-duplicate regions detected by a generic copy-move detector is the original one. Then we design a multi-branch CNN architecture that solves the hypothesis testing problem by learning a set of features capable to reveal the presence of interpolation artefacts and boundary inconsistencies in the copy-moved area. The proposed architecture, trained on a synthetic dataset explicitly built for this purpose, achieves good results on copy-move forgeries from both synthetic and realistic datasets. Based on our tests, the proposed disambiguation method can reliably reveal the target region even in realistic cases where an approximate version of the copy-move localization mask is provided by a state-of-the-art copy-move detection algorithm. 
### 40.Fine-grained Object Semantic Understanding from Correspondences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12577.pdf)
>  Fine-grained semantic understanding of 3D objects is crucial in many applications such as object manipulation. However, it is hard to give a universal definition of point-level semantics that everyone would agree on. We observe that people are pretty sure about semantic correspondences between two areas from different objects, but less certain about what each area means in semantics. Therefore, we argue that by providing human labeled correspondences between different objects from the same category, one can recover rich semantic information of an object. In this paper, we propose a method that outputs dense semantic embeddings based on a novel geodesic consistency loss. Accordingly, a new dataset named CorresPondenceNet and its corresponding benchmark are designed. Several state-of-the-art networks are evaluated based on our proposed method. We show that our method could boost the fine-grained understanding of heterogeneous objects and the inference of dense semantic information is possible. 
### 41.Infant brain MRI segmentation with dilated convolution pyramid downsampling and self-attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12570.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a dual aggregation network to adaptively aggregate different information in infant brain MRI segmentation. More precisely, we added two modules based on 3D-UNet to better model information at different levels and locations. The dilated convolution pyramid downsampling module is mainly to solve the problem of loss of spatial information on the downsampling process, and it can effectively save details while reducing the resolution. The self-attention module can integrate the remote dependence on the feature maps in two dimensions of spatial and channel, effectively improving the representation ability and discriminating ability of the model. Our results are compared to the winners of iseg2017's first evaluation, the DICE ratio of WM and GM increased by 0.7%, and CSF is <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://comparable.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> the latest evaluation of the iseg-2019 cross-dataset challenge,we achieve the first place in the DICE of WM and GM, and the DICE of CSF is second. 
### 42.Visual Perception and Modelling in Unstructured Orchard for Apple Harvesting Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12555.pdf)
>  Vision perception and modelling are the essential tasks of robotic harvesting in the unstructured orchard. This paper develops a framework of visual perception and modelling for robotic harvesting of fruits in the orchard environments. The developed framework includes visual perception, scenarios mapping, and fruit modelling. The Visual perception module utilises a deep-learning model to perform multi-purpose visual perception task within the working scenarios; The scenarios mapping module applies OctoMap to represent the multiple classes of objects or elements within the environment; The fruit modelling module estimates the geometry property of objects and estimates the proper access pose of each fruit. The developed framework is implemented and evaluated in the apple orchards. The experiment results show that visual perception and modelling algorithm can accurately detect and localise the fruits, and modelling working scenarios in real orchard environments. The $F_{1}$ score and mean intersection of union of visual perception module on fruit detection and segmentation are 0.833 and 0.852, respectively. The accuracy of the fruit modelling in terms of centre localisation and pose estimation are 0.955 and 0.923, respectively. Overall, an accurate visual perception and modelling algorithm are presented in this paper. 
### 43.Learning to segment images with classification labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12533.pdf)
>  Two of the most common tasks in medical imaging are classification and segmentation. Either task requires labeled data annotated by experts, which is scarce and expensive to collect. Annotating data for segmentation is generally considered to be more laborious as the annotator has to draw around the boundaries of regions of interest, as opposed to assigning image patches a class label. Furthermore, in tasks such as breast cancer histopathology, any realistic clinical application often includes working with whole slide images, whereas most publicly available training data are in the form of image patches, which are given a class label. We propose an architecture that can alleviate the requirements for segmentation-level ground truth by making use of image-level labels to reduce the amount of time spent on data curation. In addition, this architecture can help unlock the potential of previously acquired image-level datasets on segmentation tasks by annotating a small number of regions of interest. In our experiments, we show using only one segmentation-level annotation per class, we can achieve performance comparable to a fully annotated dataset. 
### 44.Silhouette-Net: 3D Hand Pose Estimation from Silhouettes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12436.pdf)
>  3D hand pose estimation has received a lot of attention for its wide range of applications and has made great progress owing to the development of deep learning. Existing approaches mainly consider different input modalities and settings, such as monocular RGB, multi-view RGB, depth, or point cloud, to provide sufficient cues for resolving variations caused by self occlusion and viewpoint change. In contrast, this work aims to address the less-explored idea of using minimal information to estimate 3D hand poses. We present a new architecture that automatically learns a guidance from implicit depth perception and solves the ambiguity of hand pose through end-to-end training. The experimental results show that 3D hand poses can be accurately estimated from solely {\em hand silhouettes} without using depth maps. Extensive evaluations on the {\em 2017 Hands In the Million Challenge} (HIM2017) benchmark dataset further demonstrate that our method achieves comparable or even better performance than recent depth-based approaches and serves as the state-of-the-art of its own kind on estimating 3D hand poses from silhouettes. 
### 45.Hybrid Channel Based Pedestrian Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12431.pdf)
>  Pedestrian detection has achieved great improvements with the help of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). CNN can learn high-level features from input images, but the insufficient spatial resolution of CNN feature channels (feature maps) may cause a loss of information, which is harmful especially to small instances. In this paper, we propose a new pedestrian detection framework, which extends the successful RPN+BF framework to combine handcrafted features and CNN features. RoI-pooling is used to extract features from both handcrafted channels (e.g. HOG+LUV, CheckerBoards or RotatedFilters) and CNN channels. Since handcrafted channels always have higher spatial resolution than CNN channels, we apply RoI-pooling with larger output resolution to handcrafted channels to keep more detailed information. Our ablation experiments show that the developed handcrafted features can reach better detection accuracy than the CNN features extracted from the VGG-16 net, and a performance gain can be achieved by combining them. Experimental results on Caltech pedestrian dataset with the original annotations and the improved annotations demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach. When using a more advanced RPN in our framework, our approach can be further improved and get competitive results on both benchmarks. 
### 46.TextScanner: Reading Characters in Order for Robust Scene Text Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12422.pdf)
>  Driven by deep learning and the large volume of data, scene text recognition has evolved rapidly in recent years. Formerly, RNN-attention based methods have dominated this field, but suffer from the problem of \textit{attention drift} in certain situations. Lately, semantic segmentation based algorithms have proven effective at recognizing text of different forms (horizontal, oriented and curved). However, these methods may produce spurious characters or miss genuine characters, as they rely heavily on a thresholding procedure operated on segmentation maps. To tackle these challenges, we propose in this paper an alternative approach, called TextScanner, for scene text recognition. TextScanner bears three characteristics: (1) Basically, it belongs to the semantic segmentation family, as it generates pixel-wise, multi-channel segmentation maps for character class, position and order; (2) Meanwhile, akin to RNN-attention based methods, it also adopts RNN for context modeling; (3) Moreover, it performs paralleled prediction for character position and class, and ensures that characters are transcripted in correct order. The experiments on standard benchmark datasets demonstrate that TextScanner outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. Moreover, TextScanner shows its superiority in recognizing more difficult text such Chinese transcripts and aligning with target characters. 
### 47.RoadTagger: Robust Road Attribute Inference with Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12408.pdf)
>  Inferring road attributes such as lane count and road type from satellite imagery is challenging. Often, due to the occlusion in satellite imagery and the spatial correlation of road attributes, a road attribute at one position on a road may only be apparent when considering far-away segments of the road. Thus, to robustly infer road attributes, the model must integrate scattered information and capture the spatial correlation of features along roads. Existing solutions that rely on image classifiers fail to capture this correlation, resulting in poor accuracy. We find this failure is caused by a fundamental limitation -- the limited effective receptive field of image classifiers. To overcome this limitation, we propose RoadTagger, an end-to-end architecture which combines both Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) to infer road attributes. The usage of graph neural networks allows information propagation on the road network graph and eliminates the receptive field limitation of image classifiers. We evaluate RoadTagger on both a large real-world dataset covering 688 km^2 area in 20 U.S. cities and a synthesized micro-dataset. In the evaluation, RoadTagger improves inference accuracy over the CNN image classifier based approaches. RoadTagger also demonstrates strong robustness against different disruptions in the satellite imagery and the ability to learn complicated inductive rules for aggregating scattered information along the road network. 
### 48.A Genetic Algorithm based Kernel-size Selection Approach for a Multi-column Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12405.pdf)
>  Deep neural network-based architectures give promising results in various domains including \textit{pattern recognition}. Finding the optimal combination of the hyper-parameters of such a large-sized architecture is tedious and requires a large number of laboratory experiments. But, identifying the optimal combination of a hyper-parameter or appropriate kernel size for a given architecture of deep learning is always a challenging and tedious task. Here, we introduced a genetic algorithm-based technique to reduce the efforts of finding the optimal combination of a hyper-parameter (kernel size) of a convolutional neural network-based architecture. The method is evaluated on three popular datasets of different handwritten Bangla characters and digits. 
### 49.MulGAN: Facial Attribute Editing by Exemplar  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12396.pdf)
>  Recent studies on face attribute editing by exemplars have achieved promising results due to the increasing power of deep convolutional networks and generative adversarial networks. These methods encode attribute-related information in images into the predefined region of the latent feature space by employing a pair of images with opposite attributes as input to train model, the face attribute transfer between the input image and the exemplar can be achieved by exchanging their attribute-related latent feature region. However, they suffer from three limitations: (1) the model must be trained using a pair of images with opposite attributes as input; (2) weak capability of editing multiple attributes by exemplars; (3) poor quality of generating image. Instead of imposing opposite-attribute constraints on the input image in order to make the attribute information of images be encoded in the predefined region of the latent feature space, in this work we directly apply the attribute labels constraint to the predefined region of the latent feature space. Meanwhile, an attribute classification loss is employed to make the model learn to extract the attribute-related information of images into the predefined latent feature region of the corresponding attribute, which enables our method to transfer multiple attributes of the exemplar simultaneously. Besides, a novel model structure is designed to enhance attribute transfer capabilities by exemplars while improve the quality of the generated image. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our model on overcoming the above three limitations by comparing with other methods on the CelebA dataset. 
### 50.Statistical Loss and Analysis for Deep Learning in Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12385.pdf)
>  Nowadays, deep learning methods, especially the convolutional neural networks (CNNs), have shown impressive performance on extracting abstract and high-level features from the hyperspectral image. However, general training process of CNNs mainly considers the pixel-wise information or the samples' correlation to formulate the penalization while ignores the statistical properties especially the spectral variability of each class in the hyperspectral image. These samples-based penalizations would lead to the uncertainty of the training process due to the imbalanced and limited number of training samples. To overcome this problem, this work characterizes each class from the hyperspectral image as a statistical distribution and further develops a novel statistical loss with the distributions, not directly with samples for deep learning. Based on the Fisher discrimination criterion, the loss penalizes the sample variance of each class distribution to decrease the intra-class variance of the training samples. Moreover, an additional diversity-promoting condition is added to enlarge the inter-class variance between different class distributions and this could better discriminate samples from different classes in hyperspectral image. Finally, the statistical estimation form of the statistical loss is developed with the training samples through multi-variant statistical analysis. Experiments over the real-world hyperspectral images show the effectiveness of the developed statistical loss for deep learning. 
### 51.Side-Tuning: Network Adaptation via Additive Side Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13503.pdf)
>  When training a neural network for a desired task, one may prefer to adapt a pre-trained network rather than start with a randomly initialized one -- due to lacking enough training data, performing lifelong learning where the system has to learn a new task while being previously trained for other tasks, or wishing to encode priors in the network via preset weights. The most commonly employed approaches for network adaptation are fine-tuning and using the pre-trained network as a fixed feature extractor, among others. <br>In this paper, we propose a straightforward alternative: Side-Tuning. Side-tuning adapts a pre-trained network by training a lightweight "side" network that is fused with the (unchanged) pre-trained network using summation. This simple method works as well as or better than existing solutions while it resolves some of the basic issues with fine-tuning, fixed features, and several other common baselines. In particular, side-tuning is less prone to overfitting when little training data is available, yields better results than using a fixed feature extractor, and does not suffer from catastrophic forgetting in lifelong learning. We demonstrate the performance of side-tuning under a diverse set of scenarios, including lifelong learning (iCIFAR, Taskonomy), reinforcement learning, imitation learning (visual navigation in Habitat), NLP question-answering (SQuAD v2), and single-task transfer learning (Taskonomy), with consistently promising results. 
### 52.Learning Wavefront Coding for Extended Depth of Field Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13423.pdf)
>  The depth of field constitutes an important quality factor of imaging systems that highly affects the content of the acquired spatial information in the captured images. Extended depth of field (EDoF) imaging is a challenging problem due to its highly ill-posed nature, hence it has been extensively addressed in the literature. We propose a computational imaging approach for EDoF, where we employ wavefront coding via a diffractive optical element (DOE) and we achieve deblurring through a convolutional neural network. Thanks to the end-to-end differentiable modeling of optical image formation and computational post-processing, we jointly optimize the optical design, i.e., DOE, and the deblurring through standard gradient descent methods. Based on the properties of the underlying refractive lens and the desired EDoF range, we provide an analytical expression for the search space of the DOE, which helps in the convergence of the end-to-end network. We achieve superior EDoF imaging performance compared to state of the art, where we demonstrate results with minimal artifacts in various scenarios, including deep 3D scenes and broadband imaging. 
### 53.Learning Representations by Maximizing Mutual Information in Variational Autoencoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13361.pdf)
>  Variational autoencoders (VAE) have ushered in a new era of unsupervised learning methods for complex distributions. Although these techniques are elegant in their approach, they are typically not useful for representation learning. In this work, we propose a simple yet powerful class of VAEs that simultaneously result in meaningful learned representations. Our solution is to combine traditional VAEs with mutual information maximization, with the goal to enhance amortized inference in VAEs using Information Theoretic techniques. We call this approach InfoMax-VAE, and such an approach can significantly boost the quality of learned high-level representations. We realize this through the explicit maximization of information measures associated with the representation. Using extensive experiments on varied datasets and setups, we show that InfoMax-VAE outperforms contemporary popular approaches, including Info-VAE and $\beta$-VAE. 
### 54.Morphology-Agnostic Visual Robotic Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13360.pdf)
>  Existing approaches for visuomotor robotic control typically require characterizing the robot in advance by calibrating the camera or performing system identification. We propose MAVRIC, an approach that works with minimal prior knowledge of the robot's morphology, and requires only a camera view containing the robot and its environment and an unknown control interface. MAVRIC revolves around a mutual information-based method for self-recognition, which discovers visual "control points" on the robot body within a few seconds of exploratory interaction, and these control points in turn are then used for visual servoing. MAVRIC can control robots with imprecise actuation, no proprioceptive feedback, unknown morphologies including novel tools, unknown camera poses, and even unsteady handheld cameras. We demonstrate our method on visually-guided 3D point reaching, trajectory following, and robot-to-robot imitation. 
### 55.Volumetric Lung Nodule Segmentation using Adaptive ROI with Multi-View Residual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13335.pdf)
>  Accurate quantification of pulmonary nodules can greatly assist the early diagnosis of lung cancer, which can enhance patient survival possibilities. A number of nodule segmentation techniques have been proposed, however, all of the existing techniques rely on radiologist 3-D volume of interest (VOI) input or use the constant region of interest (ROI) and only investigate the presence of nodule voxels within the given VOI. Such approaches restrain the solutions to investigate the nodule presence outside the given VOI and also include the redundant structures into VOI, which may lead to inaccurate nodule segmentation. In this work, a novel semi-automated approach for 3-D segmentation of nodule in volumetric computerized tomography (CT) lung scans has been proposed. The proposed technique can be segregated into two stages, at the first stage, it takes a 2-D ROI containing the nodule as input and it performs patch-wise investigation along the axial axis with a novel adaptive ROI strategy. The adaptive ROI algorithm enables the solution to dynamically select the ROI for the surrounding slices to investigate the presence of nodule using deep residual U-Net architecture. The first stage provides the initial estimation of nodule which is further utilized to extract the VOI. At the second stage, the extracted VOI is further investigated along the coronal and sagittal axis with two different networks and finally, all the estimated masks are fed into the consensus module to produce the final volumetric segmentation of nodule. The proposed approach has been rigorously evaluated on the LIDC dataset, which is the largest publicly available dataset. The result suggests that the approach is significantly robust and accurate as compared to the previous state of the art techniques. 
### 56.Microlens array grid estimation, light field decoding, and calibration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13298.pdf)
>  We quantitatively investigate multiple algorithms for microlens array grid estimation for microlens array-based light field cameras. Explicitly taking into account natural and mechanical vignetting effects, we propose a new method for microlens array grid estimation that outperforms the ones previously discussed in the literature. To quantify the performance of the algorithms, we propose an evaluation pipeline utilizing application-specific ray-traced white images with known microlens positions. Using a large dataset of synthesized white images, we thoroughly compare the performance of the different estimation algorithms. As an example, we apply our results to the decoding and calibration of light fields taken with a Lytro Illum camera. We observe that decoding as well as calibration benefit from a more accurate, vignetting-aware grid estimation, especially in peripheral subapertures of the light field. 
### 57.Automatic segmentation and determining radiodensity of the liver in a large-scale CT database  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13290.pdf)
>  This study proposes an automatic technique for liver segmentation in computed tomography (CT) images. Localization of the liver volume is based on the correlation with an optimized set of liver templates developed by the authors that allows clear geometric interpretation. Radiodensity values are calculated based on the boundaries of the segmented liver, which allows identifying liver abnormalities. The performance of the technique was evaluated on 700 CT images from dataset of the Unified Radiological Information System (URIS) of Moscow. Despite the decrease in accuracy, the technique is applicable to CT volumes with a partially visible region of the liver. The technique can be used to process CT images obtained in various patient positions in a wide range of exposition parameters. It is capable in dealing with low dose CT scans in real large-scale medical database with over 1 million of studies. 
### 58.Scalable NAS with Factorizable Architectural Parameters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13256.pdf)
>  Neural architecture search (NAS) is an emerging topic in machine learning and computer vision. The fundamental ideology of NAS is using an automatic mechanism to replace manual designs for exploring powerful network architectures. One of the key factors of NAS is to scale-up the search space, e.g., increasing the number of operators, so that more possibilities are covered, but existing search algorithms often get lost in a large number of operators. This paper presents a scalable NAS algorithm by designing a factorizable set of architectural parameters, so that the size of the search space goes up quadratically while the burden of optimization increases linearly. As a practical example, we add a set of activation functions to the original set containing convolution, pooling and skip-connect, etc. With a marginal increase in search costs and no extra costs in retraining, we can find interesting architectures that were not explored before and achieve state-of-the-art performance in CIFAR10 and ImageNet, two standard image classification benchmarks. 
### 59.Deep Learning on Image Denoising: An overview  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13171.pdf)
>  Deep learning techniques have obtained much attention in image denoising. However, deep learning methods of different types deal with the noise have enormous differences. Specifically, discriminative learning based on deep learning can well address the Gaussian noise. Optimization model methods based on deep learning have good effect on estimating of the real noise. So far, there are little related researches to summarize different deep learning techniques for image denoising. In this paper, we make such a comparative study of different deep techniques in image denoising. We first classify the (1) deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for additive white noisy images, (2) deep CNNs for real noisy images, (3) deep CNNs for blind denoising and (4) deep CNNs for hybrid noisy images, which is the combination of noisy, blurred and low-resolution images. Then, we analyze the motivations and principles of deep learning methods of different types. Next, we compare and verify the state-of-the-art methods on public denoising datasets in terms of quantitative and qualitative analysis. Finally, we point out some potential challenges and directions of future research. 
### 60.Basis Pursuit and Orthogonal Matching Pursuit for Subspace-preserving Recovery: Theoretical Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.13091.pdf)
>  Given an overcomplete dictionary $A$ and a signal $b = Ac^*$ for some sparse vector $c^*$ whose nonzero entries correspond to linearly independent columns of $A$, classical sparse signal recovery theory considers the problem of whether $c^*$ can be recovered as the unique sparsest solution to $b = A c$. It is now well-understood that such recovery is possible by practical algorithms when the dictionary $A$ is incoherent or restricted isometric. In this paper, we consider the more general case where $b$ lies in a subspace $\mathcal{S}_0$ spanned by a subset of linearly dependent columns of $A$, and the remaining columns are outside of the subspace. In this case, the sparsest representation may not be unique, and the dictionary may not be incoherent or restricted isometric. The goal is to have the representation $c$ correctly identify the subspace, i.e. the nonzero entries of $c$ should correspond to columns of $A$ that are in the subspace $\mathcal{S}_0$. Such a representation $c$ is called subspace-preserving, a key concept that has found important applications for learning low-dimensional structures in high-dimensional data. We present various geometric conditions that guarantee subspace-preserving recovery. Among them, the major results are characterized by the covering radius and the angular distance, which capture the distribution of points in the subspace and the similarity between points in the subspace and points outside the subspace, respectively. Importantly, these conditions do not require the dictionary to be incoherent or restricted isometric. By establishing that the subspace-preserving recovery problem and the classical sparse signal recovery problem are equivalent under common assumptions on the latter, we show that several of our proposed conditions are generalizations of some well-known conditions in the sparse signal recovery literature. 
### 61.Memorize, Then Recall: A Generative Framework for Low Bit-rate Surveillance Video Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12847.pdf)
>  Surveillance video applications grow dramatically in public safety and daily life, which often detect and recognize moving objects inside video signals. Existing surveillance video compression schemes are still based on traditional hybrid coding frameworks handling temporal redundancy by block-wise motion compensation mechanism, lacking the extraction and utilization of inherent structure information. In this paper, we alleviate this issue by decomposing surveillance video signals into the structure of a global spatio-temporal feature (memory) and skeleton for each frame (clue). The memory is abstracted by a recurrent neural network across Group of Pictures (GoP) inside one video sequence, representing appearance for elements that appeared inside GoP. While the skeleton is obtained by the specific pose estimator, it served as a clue for recalling memory. In addition, we introduce an attention mechanism to learn the relationships between appearance and skeletons. And we reconstruct each frame with an adversarial training process. Experimental results demonstrate that our approach can effectively generate realistic frames from appearance and skeleton accordingly. Compared with the latest video compression standard H.265, it shows much higher compression performance on surveillance video. 
### 62.Multi-modality super-resolution loss for GAN-based super-resolution of clinical CT images using micro CT image database  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12838.pdf)
>  This paper newly introduces multi-modality loss function for GAN-based super-resolution that can maintain image structure and intensity on unpaired training dataset of clinical CT and micro CT volumes. Precise non-invasive diagnosis of lung cancer mainly utilizes 3D multidetector computed-tomography (CT) data. On the other hand, we can take micro CT images of resected lung specimen in 50 micro meter or higher resolution. However, micro CT scanning cannot be applied to living human imaging. For obtaining highly detailed information such as cancer invasion area from pre-operative clinical CT volumes of lung cancer patients, super-resolution (SR) of clinical CT volumes to $\mu$CT level might be one of substitutive solutions. While most SR methods require paired low- and high-resolution images for training, it is infeasible to obtain precisely paired clinical CT and micro CT volumes. We aim to propose unpaired SR approaches for clincial CT using micro CT images based on unpaired image translation methods such as CycleGAN or UNIT. Since clinical CT and micro CT are very different in structure and intensity, direct application of GAN-based unpaired image translation methods in super-resolution tends to generate arbitrary images. Aiming to solve this problem, we propose new loss function called multi-modality loss function to maintain the similarity of input images and corresponding output images in super-resolution task. Experimental results demonstrated that the newly proposed loss function made CycleGAN and UNIT to successfully perform SR of clinical CT images of lung cancer patients into micro CT level resolution, while original CycleGAN and UNIT failed in super-resolution. 
### 63.Early Detection of Diabetic Retinopathy and Severity Scale Measurement: A Progressive Review &amp; Scopes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12829.pdf)
>  Early detection of diabetic retinopathy prevents visual loss and blindness of a human eye. Based on the types of feature extraction method used, DR detection method can be broadly classified as Deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based and traditional feature extraction (machine learning) based. This paper presents a comprehensive survey of existing feature extraction methods based on Deep CNN and conventional feature extraction for DR detection. In addition to that, this paper focuses on the severity scale measurement of the DR detection and to the best of our knowledge this is the first survey paper which covers severity grading scale. It is also necessary to mention that this is the first study which reviews the proposed Deep CNN based method in the state of the art for DR detection methods. This study discovers that recently proposed deep learning based DR detection methods provides higher accuracy than existing traditional feature extraction methods in the literature and also useful in large scale datasets. However, deep learning based methods require GPU implementation to get the desirable output. The one of the other major finding of this paper is that there are no obvious standard severity scale detection criteria to measure the grading. Some used binary class while many other used multi stage class. 
### 64.A Hybrid Architecture of Jointly Learning Image Compression and Quality Enhancement with Improved Entropy Minimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12817.pdf)
>  Recently, learned image compression methods have been actively studied. Among them, entropy-minimization based approaches have achieved superior results compared to conventional image codecs such as BPG and JPEG2000. However, the quality enhancement and rate-minimization are conflictively coupled in the process of image compression. That is, maintaining high image quality entails less compression and vice versa. However, by jointly training separate quality enhancement in conjunction with image compression, the coding efficiency can be improved. In this paper, we propose a novel hybrid architecture of jointly learning conflictively coupled image compression and quality enhancement, called JointIQ-Net, as well as entropy model improvement, thus achieving significantly improved coding efficiency against the previous methods. Our proposed JointIQ-Net combines an image compression sub-net and an image quality enhancement sub-net in a cascade, both of which are end-to-end trained in a combined manner within the JointIQ-Net. Also the JointIQ-Net benefits from improved entropy-minimization that newly adopts a Gussian Mixture Model (GMM) and further exploits global context to estimate the probabilities of latent representations. In order to show the effectiveness of our proposed JointIQ-Net, extensive experiments have been performed, and showed that the JointIQ-Net achieves a remarkable performance improvement in coding efficiency in terms of both PSNR and MS-SSIM, compared to the previous learned image compression methods and the conventional codecs such as VTM 7.1 (intra), BPG, and JPEG2000. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first end-to-end optimized image compression method that outperforms VTM 7.1 (intra), the latest reference software of the VVC standard, in terms of both PSNR and MS-SSIM. 
### 65.SLOAM: Semantic Lidar Odometry and Mapping for Forest Inventory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12726.pdf)
>  This paper describes an end-to-end pipeline for tree diameter estimation based on semantic segmentation and lidar odometry and mapping. Accurate mapping of this type of environment is challenging since the ground and the trees are surrounded by leaves, thorns and vines, and the sensor typically experiences extreme motion. We propose a semantic feature based pose optimization that simultaneously refines the tree models while estimating the robot pose. The pipeline utilizes a custom virtual reality tool for labeling 3D scans that is used to train a semantic segmentation network. The masked point cloud is used to compute a trellis graph that identifies individual instances and extracts relevant features that are used by the SLAM module. We show that traditional lidar and image based methods fail in the forest environment on both Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) and hand-carry systems, while our method is more robust, scalable, and automatically generates tree diameter estimations. 
### 66.Deep learning surrogate models for spatial and visual connectivity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12616.pdf)
>  Spatial and visual connectivity are important metrics when developing workplace layouts. Calculating those metrics in real-time can be difficult, depending on the size of the floor plan being analysed and the resolution of the analyses. This paper investigates the possibility of considerably speeding up the outcomes of such computationally intensive simulations by using machine learning to create models capable of identifying the spatial and visual connectivity potential of a space. To that end we present the entire process of investigating different machine learning models and a pipeline for training them on such task, from the incorporation of a bespoke spatial and visual connectivity analysis engine through a distributed computation pipeline, to the process of synthesizing training data and evaluating the performance of different neural networks. 
### 67.Towards Unified INT8 Training for Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12607.pdf)
>  Recently low-bit (e.g., 8-bit) network quantization has been extensively studied to accelerate the inference. Besides inference, low-bit training with quantized gradients can further bring more considerable acceleration, since the backward process is often computation-intensive. Unfortunately, the inappropriate quantization of backward propagation usually makes the training unstable and even crash. There lacks a successful unified low-bit training framework that can support diverse networks on various tasks. In this paper, we give an attempt to build a unified 8-bit (INT8) training framework for common convolutional neural networks from the aspects of both accuracy and speed. First, we empirically find the four distinctive characteristics of gradients, which provide us insightful clues for gradient quantization. Then, we theoretically give an in-depth analysis of the convergence bound and derive two principles for stable INT8 training. Finally, we propose two universal techniques, including Direction Sensitive Gradient Clipping that reduces the direction deviation of gradients and Deviation Counteractive Learning Rate Scaling that avoids illegal gradient update along the wrong direction. The experiments show that our unified solution promises accurate and efficient INT8 training for a variety of networks and tasks, including MobileNetV2, InceptionV3 and object detection that prior studies have never succeeded. Moreover, it enjoys a strong flexibility to run on off-the-shelf hardware, and reduces the training time by 22% on Pascal GPU without too much optimization effort. We believe that this pioneering study will help lead the community towards a fully unified INT8 training for convolutional neural networks. 
### 68.Active Learning in Video Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12557.pdf)
>  Active learning methods, like uncertainty sampling, combined with probabilistic prediction techniques have achieved success in various problems like image classification and text classification. For more complex multivariate prediction tasks, the relationships between labels play an important role in designing structured classifiers with better performance. However, computational time complexity limits prevalent probabilistic methods from effectively supporting active learning. Specifically, while non-probabilistic methods based on structured support vector machines can be tractably applied to predicting bipartite matchings, conditional random fields are intractable for these structures. We propose an adversarial approach for active learning with structured prediction domains that is tractable for matching. We evaluate this approach algorithmically in an important structured prediction problems: object tracking in videos. We demonstrate better accuracy and computational efficiency for our proposed method. 
### 69.NAS evaluation is frustratingly hard  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12522.pdf)
>  Neural Architecture Search (NAS) is an exciting new field which promises to be as much as a game-changer as Convolutional Neural Networks were in 2012. Despite many great works leading to substantial improvements on a variety of tasks, comparison between different methods is still very much an open issue. While most algorithms are tested on the same datasets, there is no shared experimental protocol followed by all. As such, and due to the under-use of ablation studies, there is a lack of clarity regarding why certain methods are more effective than others. Our first contribution is a benchmark of $8$ NAS methods on $5$ datasets. To overcome the hurdle of comparing methods with different search spaces, we propose using a method's relative improvement over the randomly sampled average architecture, which effectively removes advantages arising from expertly engineered search spaces or training protocols. Surprisingly, we find that many NAS techniques struggle to significantly beat the average architecture baseline. We perform further experiments with the commonly used DARTS search space in order to understand the contribution of each component in the NAS pipeline. These experiments highlight that: (i) the use of tricks in the evaluation protocol has a predominant impact on the reported performance of architectures; (ii) the cell-based search space has a very narrow accuracy range, such that the seed has a considerable impact on architecture rankings; (iii) the hand-designed macro-structure (cells) is more important than the searched micro-structure (operations); and (iv) the depth-gap is a real phenomenon, evidenced by the change in rankings between $8$ and $20$ cell architectures. To conclude, we suggest best practices, that we hope will prove useful for the community and help mitigate current NAS pitfalls. The code used is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/antoyang/NAS-Benchmark" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 70.Detecting Out-of-Distribution Examples with In-distribution Examples and Gram Matrices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12510.pdf)
>  When presented with Out-of-Distribution (OOD) examples, deep neural networks yield confident, incorrect predictions. Detecting OOD examples is challenging, and the potential risks are high. In this paper, we propose to detect OOD examples by identifying inconsistencies between activity patterns and class predicted. We find that characterizing activity patterns by Gram matrices and identifying anomalies in gram matrix values can yield high OOD detection rates. We identify anomalies in the gram matrices by simply comparing each value with its respective range observed over the training data. Unlike many approaches, this can be used with any pre-trained softmax classifier and does not require access to OOD data for fine-tuning hyperparameters, nor does it require OOD access for inferring parameters. The method is applicable across a variety of architectures and vision datasets and, for the important and surprisingly hard task of detecting far-from-distribution out-of-distribution examples, it generally performs better than or equal to state-of-the-art OOD detection methods (including those that do assume access to OOD examples). 
### 71.Alleviation for Gradient Exploding in GANs: Fake Can Be Real  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12485.pdf)
>  In order to alleviate the notorious mode collapse phenomenon in generative adversarial networks (GANs), we propose a novel training method of GANs in which certain fake samples are considered as real ones during the training process. This strategy can reduce the gradient value that generator receives in the region where gradient exploding happens. We show the process of an unbalanced generation and a vicious circle issue resulted from gradient exploding in practical training. We also theoretically prove that gradient exploding can be alleviated with difference penalization for discriminator and fake-as-real consideration for very close real and fake samples . Accordingly, Fake-as-Real GAN (FARGAN) is proposed with a more stable training process and a more faithful generated distribution. Experiments on different datasets verify our theoretical analysis. 
### 72.Energy-based Graph Convolutional Networks for Scoring Protein Docking Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12476.pdf)
>  Structural information about protein-protein interactions, often missing at the interactome scale, is important for mechanistic understanding of cells and rational discovery of therapeutics. Protein docking provides a computational alternative to predict such information. However, ranking near-native docked models high among a large number of candidates, often known as the scoring problem, remains a critical challenge. Moreover, estimating model quality, also known as the quality assessment problem, is rarely addressed in protein docking. <br>In this study the two challenging problems in protein docking are regarded as relative and absolute scoring, respectively, and addressed in one physics-inspired deep learning framework. We represent proteins' and encounter complexes' 3D structures as intra- and inter-molecular residue contact graphs with atom-resolution node and edge features. And we propose a novel graph convolutional kernel that pool interacting nodes' features through edge features so that generalized interaction energies can be learned directly from graph data. The resulting energy-based graph convolutional networks (EGCN) with multi-head attention are trained to predict intra- and inter-molecular energies, binding affinities, and quality measures (interface RMSD) for encounter complexes. Compared to a state-of-the-art scoring function for model ranking, EGCN has significantly improved ranking for a CAPRI test set involving homology docking; and is comparable for Score_set, a CAPRI benchmark set generated by diverse community-wide docking protocols not known to training data. For Score_set quality assessment, EGCN shows about 27% improvement to our previous efforts. Directly learning from 3D structure data in graph representation, EGCN represents the first successful development of graph convolutional networks for protein docking. 
### 73.Transfer Learning for Brain Tumor Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12452.pdf)
>  Gliomas are the most common malignant brain tumors that are treated with chemoradiotherapy and surgery. Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is used by radiotherapists to manually segment brain lesions and to observe their development throughout the therapy. The manual image segmentation process is time-consuming and results tend to vary among different human raters. Therefore, there is a substantial demand for automatic image segmentation algorithms that produce a reliable and accurate segmentation of various brain tissue types. Recent advances in deep learning have led to convolutional neural network architectures that excel at various visual recognition tasks. They have been successfully applied to the medical context including medical image segmentation. In particular, fully convolutional networks (FCNs) such as the U-Net produce state-of-the-art results in the automatic segmentation of brain tumors. MRI brain scans are volumetric and exist in various co-registered modalities that serve as input channels for these FCN architectures. Training algorithms for brain tumor segmentation on this complex input requires large amounts of computational resources and is prone to overfitting. In this work, we construct FCNs with pretrained convolutional encoders. We show that we can stabilize the training process this way and produce more robust predictions. We evaluate our methods on publicly available data as well as on a privately acquired clinical dataset. We also show that the impact of pretraining is even higher for predictions on the clinical data. 
### 74.Classifying topological sector via machine learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12410.pdf)
>  We employ a machine learning technique for an estimate of the topological charge $Q$ of gauge configurations in SU(3) Yang-Mills theory in vacuum. As a first trial, we feed the four-dimensional topological charge density with and without smoothing into the convolutional neural network and train it to estimate the value of $Q$. We find that the trained neural network can estimate the value of $Q$ from the topological charge density at small flow time with high accuracy. Next, we perform the dimensional reduction of the input data as a preprocessing and analyze lower dimensional data by the neural network. We find that the accuracy of the neural network does not have statistically-significant dependence on the dimension of the input data. From this result we argue that the neural network does not find characteristic features responsible for the determination of $Q$ in the higher dimensional space. 
### 75.All-in-One Image-Grounded Conversational Agents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12394.pdf)
>  As single-task accuracy on individual language and image tasks has improved substantially in the last few years, the long-term goal of a generally skilled agent that can both see and talk becomes more feasible to explore. In this work, we focus on leveraging existing individual language and image tasks, along with resources that incorporate both vision and language towards that objective. We explore architectures that combine state-of-the-art Transformer and ResNeXt modules fed into a multimodal module to produce a combined model trained on many tasks. We provide a thorough analysis of the components of the model, and transfer performance when training on one, some, or all of the tasks. Our final models provide a single system that obtains good results on all vision and language tasks considered, and improves the state of the art in image-grounded conversational applications. 
### 76.Deep neural network models for computational histopathology: A survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12378.pdf)
>  Histopathological images contain rich phenotypic information that can be used to monitor underlying mechanisms contributing to diseases progression and patient survival outcomes. Recently, deep learning has become the mainstream methodological choice for analyzing and interpreting cancer histology images. In this paper, we present a comprehensive review of state-of-the-art deep learning approaches that have been used in the context of histopathological image analysis. From the survey of over 130 papers, we review the fields progress based on the methodological aspect of different machine learning strategies such as supervised, weakly supervised, unsupervised, transfer learning and various other sub-variants of these methods. We also provide an overview of deep learning based survival models that are applicable for disease-specific prognosis tasks. Finally, we summarize several existing open datasets and highlight critical challenges and limitations with current deep learning approaches, along with possible avenues for future research. 
### 77.ODE-based Deep Network for MRI Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12325.pdf)
>  Fast data acquisition in Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is vastly in demand and scan time directly depends on the number of acquired k-space samples. The data-driven methods based on deep neural networks have resulted in promising improvements, compared to the conventional methods, in image reconstruction algorithms. The connection between deep neural network and Ordinary Differential Equation (ODE) has been observed and studied recently. The studies show that different residual networks can be interpreted as Euler discretization of an ODE. In this paper, we propose an ODE-based deep network for MRI reconstruction to enable the rapid acquisition of MR images with improved image quality. Our results with undersampled data demonstrate that our method can deliver higher quality images in comparison to the reconstruction methods based on the standard UNet network and Residual network. 
### 78.Deep Learning in Medical Image Registration: A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.12318.pdf)
>  This paper presents a review of deep learning (DL) based medical image registration methods. We summarized the latest developments and applications of DL-based registration methods in the medical field. These methods were classified into seven categories according to their methods, functions and popularity. A detailed review of each category was presented, highlighting important contributions and identifying specific challenges. A short assessment was presented following the detailed review of each category to summarize its achievements and future potentials. We provided a comprehensive comparison among DL-based methods for lung and brain deformable registration using benchmark datasets. Lastly, we analyzed the statistics of all the cited works from various aspects, revealing the popularity and future trend of development in medical image registration using deep learning. 
