# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 14 Jan 2020
### 1.Unsupervised Any-to-Many Audiovisual Synthesis via Exemplar Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04463.pdf)
>  We present an unsupervised approach that enables us to convert the speech input of any one individual to an output set of potentially-infinitely many speakers. One can stand in front of a mic and be able to make their favorite celebrity say the same words. Our approach builds on simple autoencoders that project out-of-sample data to the distribution of the training set (motivated by PCA/linear autoencoders). We use an exemplar autoencoder to learn the voice and specific style (emotions and ambiance) of a target speaker. In contrast to existing methods, the proposed approach can be easily extended to an arbitrarily large number of speakers in a very little time using only two-three minutes of audio data from a speaker. We also exhibit the usefulness of our approach for generating video from audio signals and vice-versa. We suggest the reader to check out our project webpage for various synthesized examples: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://dunbar12138.github.io/projectpage/Audiovisual/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 2.Towards Automated Swimming Analytics Using Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04433.pdf)
>  Methods for creating a system to automate the collection of swimming analytics on a pool-wide scale are considered in this paper. There has not been much work on swimmer tracking or the creation of a swimmer database for machine learning purposes. Consequently, methods for collecting swimmer data from videos of swim competitions are explored and analyzed. The result is a guide to the creation of a comprehensive collection of swimming data suitable for training swimmer detection and tracking systems. With this database in place, systems can then be created to automate the collection of swimming analytics. 
### 3.RoutedFusion: Learning Real-time Depth Map Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04388.pdf)
>  The efficient fusion of depth maps is a key part of most state-of-the-art 3D reconstruction methods. Besides requiring high accuracy, these depth fusion methods need to be scalable and real-time capable. To this end, we present a novel real-time capable machine learning-based method for depth map fusion. Similar to the seminal depth map fusion approach by Curless and Levoy, we only update a local group of voxels to ensure real-time capability. Instead of a simple linear fusion of depth information, we propose a neural network that predicts non-linear updates to better account for typical fusion errors. Our network is composed of a 2D depth routing network and a 3D depth fusion network which efficiently handle sensor-specific noise and outliers. This is especially useful for surface edges and thin objects for which the original approach suffers from thickening artifacts. Our method outperforms the traditional fusion approach and related learned approaches on both synthetic and real data. We demonstrate the performance of our method in reconstructing fine geometric details from noise and outlier contaminated data on various scenes 
### 4.Classifying All Interacting Pairs in a Single Shot  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04360.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a novel human interaction detection approach, based on CALIPSO (Classifying ALl Interacting Pairs in a Single shOt), a classifier of human-object interactions. This new single-shot interaction classifier estimates interactions simultaneously for all human-object pairs, regardless of their number and class. State-of-the-art approaches adopt a multi-shot strategy based on a pairwise estimate of interactions for a set of human-object candidate pairs, which leads to a complexity depending, at least, on the number of interactions or, at most, on the number of candidate pairs. In contrast, the proposed method estimates the interactions on the whole image. Indeed, it simultaneously estimates all interactions between all human subjects and object targets by performing a single forward pass throughout the image. Consequently, it leads to a constant complexity and computation time independent of the number of subjects, objects or interactions in the image. In detail, interaction classification is achieved on a dense grid of anchors thanks to a joint multi-task network that learns three complementary tasks simultaneously: (i) prediction of the types of interaction, (ii) estimation of the presence of a target and (iii) learning of an embedding which maps interacting subject and target to a same representation, by using a metric learning strategy. In addition, we introduce an object-centric passive-voice verb estimation which significantly improves results. Evaluations on the two well-known Human-Object Interaction image datasets, V-COCO and HICO-DET, demonstrate the competitiveness of the proposed method (2nd place) compared to the state-of-the-art while having constant computation time regardless of the number of objects and interactions in the image. 
### 5.A Novel Inspection System For Variable Data Printing Using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04325.pdf)
>  We present a novel approach for inspecting variable data prints (VDP) with an ultra-low false alarm rate (0.005%) and potential applicability to other real-world problems. The system is based on a comparison between two images: a reference image and an image captured by low-cost scanners. The comparison task is challenging as low-cost imaging systems create artifacts that may erroneously be classified as true (genuine) defects. To address this challenge we introduce two new fusion methods, for change detection applications, which are both fast and efficient. The first is an early fusion method that combines the two input images into a single pseudo-color image. The second, called Change-Detection Single Shot Detector (CD-SSD) leverages the SSD by fusing features in the middle of the network. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed deep learning-based approach with a large dataset from real-world printing scenarios. Finally, we evaluate our models on a different domain of aerial imagery change detection (AICD). Our best method clearly outperforms the state-of-the-art baseline on this dataset. 
### 6.Hierarchical Modeling of Multidimensional Data in Regularly Decomposed Spaces: Synthesis and Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04322.pdf)
>  This fourth and last tome is focusing on describing the envisioned works for a project that has been presented in the preceding tome. It is about a new approach dedicated to the coding of still and moving pictures, trying to bridge the MPEG-4 and MPEG-7 standard bodies. The aim of this project is to define the principles of self-descriptive video coding. In order to establish them, the document is composed in five chapters that describe the various envisioned techniques for developing such a new approach in visual coding: - image segmentation, - computation of visual descriptors, - computation of perceptual groupings, - building of visual dictionaries, - picture and video coding. Based on the techniques of multiresolution computing, it is proposed to develop an image segmentation made from piecewise regular components, to compute attributes on the frame and the rendering of so produced shapes, independently to the geometric transforms that can occur in the image plane, and to gather them into perceptual groupings so as to be able in performing recognition of partially hidden patterns. Due to vector quantization of shapes frame and rendering, it will appear that simple shapes may be compared to a visual alphabet and that complex shapes then become words written using this alphabet and be recorded into a dictionary. With the help of a nearest neighbour scanning applied on the picture shapes, the self-descriptive coding will then generate a sentence made from words written using the simple shape alphabet. 
### 7.High-Fidelity Synthesis with Disentangled Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04296.pdf)
>  Learning disentangled representation of data without supervision is an important step towards improving the interpretability of generative models. Despite recent advances in disentangled representation learning, existing approaches often suffer from the trade-off between representation learning and generation performance i.e. improving generation quality sacrifices disentanglement performance). We propose an Information-Distillation Generative Adversarial Network (ID-GAN), a simple yet generic framework that easily incorporates the existing state-of-the-art models for both disentanglement learning and high-fidelity synthesis. Our method learns disentangled representation using VAE-based models, and distills the learned representation with an additional nuisance variable to the separate GAN-based generator for high-fidelity synthesis. To ensure that both generative models are aligned to render the same generative factors, we further constrain the GAN generator to maximize the mutual information between the learned latent code and the output. Despite the simplicity, we show that the proposed method is highly effective, achieving comparable image generation quality to the state-of-the-art methods using the disentangled representation. We also show that the proposed decomposition leads to an efficient and stable model design, and we demonstrate photo-realistic high-resolution image synthesis results (1024x1024 pixels) for the first time using the disentangled representations. 
### 8.Radial Based Analysis of GRNN in Non-Textured Image Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04215.pdf)
>  Image inpainting algorithms are used to restore some damaged or missing information region of an image based on the surrounding information. The method proposed in this paper applies the radial based analysis of image inpainting on GRNN. The damaged areas are first isolated from rest of the areas and then arranged by their size and then inpainted using GRNN. The training of the neural network is done using different radii to achieve a better outcome. A comparative analysis is done for different regression-based algorithms. The overall results are compared with the results achieved by the other algorithms as LS-SVM with reference to the PSNR value. 
### 9.Handwritten Character Recognition Using Unique Feature Extraction Technique  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04208.pdf)
>  One of the most arduous and captivating domains under image processing is handwritten character recognition. In this paper we have proposed a feature extraction technique which is a combination of unique features of geometric, zone-based hybrid, gradient features extraction approaches and three different neural networks namely the Multilayer Perceptron network using Backpropagation algorithm (MLP BP), the Multilayer Perceptron network using Levenberg-Marquardt algorithm (MLP LM) and the Convolutional neural network (CNN) which have been implemented along with the Minimum Distance Classifier (MDC). The procedures lead to the conclusion that the proposed feature extraction algorithm is more accurate than its individual counterparts and also that Convolutional Neural Network is the most efficient neural network of the three in consideration. 
### 10.Deep Learning for Person Re-identification: A Survey and Outlook  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04193.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (Re-ID) aims at retrieving a person of interest across multiple non-overlapping cameras. With the advancement of deep neural networks and increasing demand of intelligent video surveillance, it has gained significantly increased interest in the computer vision community. By dissecting the involved components in developing a person Re-ID system, we categorize it into the closed-world and open-world settings. The widely studied closed-world setting is usually applied under various research-oriented assumptions, and has achieved inspiring success using deep learning techniques on a number of datasets. We first conduct a comprehensive overview with in-depth analysis for closed-world person Re-ID from three different perspectives, including deep feature representation learning, deep metric learning and ranking optimization. With the performance saturation under closed-world setting, the research focus for person Re-ID has recently shifted to the open-world setting, facing more challenging issues. This setting is closer to practical applications under specific scenarios. We summarize the open-world Re-ID in terms of five different aspects. By analyzing the advantages of existing methods, we design a powerful AGW baseline, achieving state-of-the-art or at least comparable performance on both single- and cross-modality Re-ID tasks. Meanwhile, we introduce a new evaluation metric (mINP) for person Re-ID, indicating the cost for finding all the correct matches, which provides an additional criteria to evaluate the Re-ID system for real applications. Finally, some important yet under-investigated open issues are discussed. 
### 11.Separating Content from Style Using Adversarial Learning for Recognizing Text in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04189.pdf)
>  In this work we propose to improve text recognition from a new perspective by separating text content from complex backgrounds. We exploit the generative adversarial networks (GANs) for removing backgrounds while retaining the text content. As vanilla GANs are not sufficiently robust to generate sequence-like characters in natural images, we propose an adversarial learning framework for the generation and recognition of multiple characters in an image. The proposed framework consists of an attention-based recognizer and a generative adversarial architecture. Furthermore, to tackle the lack of paired training samples, we design an interactive joint training scheme, which shares attention masks from the recognizer to the discriminator, and enables the discriminator to extract the features of every character for further adversarial training. Benefiting from the character-level adversarial training, our framework requires only unpaired simple data for style supervision. Every target style sample containing only one randomly chosen character can be simply synthesized online during the training. This is significant as the training does not require costly paired samples or character-level annotations. Thus, only the input images and corresponding text labels are needed. In addition to the style transfer of the backgrounds, we refine character patterns to ease the recognition task. A feedback mechanism is proposed to bridge the gap between the discriminator and the recognizer. Therefore, the discriminator can guide the generator according to the confusion of the recognizer. The generated patterns are thus clearer for recognition. Experiments on various benchmarks, including both regular and irregular text, demonstrate that our method significantly reduces the difficulty of recognition. Our framework can be integrated with recent recognition methods to achieve new state-of-the-art performance. 
### 12.Towards Interpretable and Robust Hand Detection via Pixel-wise Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04163.pdf)
>  The lack of interpretability of existing CNN-based hand detection methods makes it difficult to understand the rationale behind their predictions. In this paper, we propose a novel neural network model, which introduces interpretability into hand detection for the first time. The main improvements include: (1) Detect hands at pixel level to explain what pixels are the basis for its decision and improve transparency of the model. (2) The explainable Highlight Feature Fusion block highlights distinctive features among multiple layers and learns discriminative ones to gain robust performance. (3) We introduce a transparent representation, the rotation map, to learn rotation features instead of complex and non-transparent rotation and derotation layers. (4) Auxiliary supervision accelerates the training process, which saves more than 10 hours in our experiments. Experimental results on the VIVA and Oxford hand detection and tracking datasets show competitive accuracy of our method compared with state-of-the-art methods with higher speed. 
### 13.Memorizing Comprehensively to Learn Adaptively: Unsupervised Cross-Domain Person Re-ID with Multi-level Memory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04123.pdf)
>  Unsupervised cross-domain person re-identification (Re-ID) aims to adapt the information from the labelled source domain to an unlabelled target domain. Due to the lack of supervision in the target domain, it is crucial to identify the underlying similarity-and-dissimilarity relationships among the unlabelled samples in the target domain. In order to use the whole data relationships efficiently in mini-batch training, we apply a series of memory modules to maintain an up-to-date representation of the entire dataset. Unlike the simple exemplar memory in previous works, we propose a novel multi-level memory network (MMN) to discover multi-level complementary information in the target domain, relying on three memory modules, i.e., part-level memory, instance-level memory, and domain-level memory. The proposed memory modules store multi-level representations of the target domain, which capture both the fine-grained differences between images and the global structure for the holistic target domain. The three memory modules complement each other and systematically integrate multi-level supervision from bottom to up. Experiments on three datasets demonstrate that the multi-level memory modules cooperatively boost the unsupervised cross-domain Re-ID task, and the proposed MMN achieves competitive results. 
### 14.A Bayesian 3D Multi-view Multi-object Tracking Filter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04118.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an online multi-camera multi-object tracker that only requires monocular detector training, independent of the multi-camera configurations, allowing seamless extension/deletion of cameras without (retraining) effort. The proposed algorithm has a linear complexity in the total number of detections across the cameras, and hence scales gracefully with the number of cameras. It operates in 3D world frame, and provides 3D trajectory estimates of the objects. The key innovation is a high fidelity yet tractable 3D occlusion model, amenable to optimal Bayesian multi-view multi-object filtering, which seamlessly integrates, into a single Bayesian recursion, the sub-tasks of track management, state estimation, clutter rejection, and occlusion/misdetection handling. The proposed algorithm is evaluated on the latest WILDTRACKS dataset, and demonstrated to work in very crowded scenes on a new dataset. 
### 15.GridMask Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04086.pdf)
>  We propose a novel data augmentation method `GridMask' in this paper. It utilizes information removal to achieve state-of-the-art results in a variety of computer vision tasks. We analyze the requirement of information dropping. Then we show limitation of existing information dropping algorithms and propose our structured method, which is simple and yet very effective. It is based on the deletion of regions of the input image. Our extensive experiments show that our method outperforms the latest AutoAugment, which is way more computationally expensive due to the use of reinforcement learning to find the best policies. On the ImageNet dataset for recognition, COCO2017 object detection, and on Cityscapes dataset for semantic segmentation, our method all notably improves performance over baselines. The extensive experiments manifest the effectiveness and generality of the new method. 
### 16.Evolution of Image Segmentation using Deep Convolutional Neural Network: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04074.pdf)
>  From the autonomous car driving to medical diagnosis, the requirement of the task of image segmentation is everywhere. Segmentation of an image is one of the indispensable tasks in computer vision. This task is comparatively complicated than other vision tasks as it needs low level spatial information. Basically, image segmentation can be of two types: semantic segmentation and instance segmentation. The combined version of these two basic tasks is known as panoptic segmentation. In the recent era, the success of deep convolutional neural network (CNN) has influenced the field of segmentation greatly and gave us various successful models till date. In this survey, we are going to take a glance on the evolution of both semantic and instance segmentation work based on CNN. We have also specified architectural details of some state-of-the-art models and discuss their comparative training details to present a lucid understanding of hyper-parameter tuning of those models. We have also drawn a comparison among the performance of those models on different datasets. 
### 17.Natural Image Matting via Guided Contextual Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04069.pdf)
>  Over the last few years, deep learning based approaches have achieved outstanding improvements in natural image matting. Many of these methods can generate visually plausible alpha estimations, but typically yield blurry structures or textures in the semitransparent area. This is due to the local ambiguity of transparent objects. One possible solution is to leverage the far-surrounding information to estimate the local opacity. Traditional affinity-based methods often suffer from the high computational complexity, which are not suitable for high resolution alpha estimation. Inspired by affinity-based method and the successes of contextual attention in inpainting, we develop a novel end-to-end approach for natural image matting with a guided contextual attention module, which is specifically designed for image matting. Guided contextual attention module directly propagates high-level opacity information globally based on the learned low-level affinity. The proposed method can mimic information flow of affinity-based methods and utilize rich features learned by deep neural networks simultaneously. Experiment results on Composition-1k testing set and <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://alphamatting.com" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> benchmark dataset demonstrate that our method outperforms state-of-the-art approaches in natural image matting. Code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Yaoyi-Li/GCA-Matting" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 18.Boosting Occluded Image Classification via Subspace Decomposition Based Estimation of Deep Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04066.pdf)
>  Classification of partially occluded images is a highly challenging computer vision problem even for the cutting edge deep learning technologies. To achieve a robust image classification for occluded images, this paper proposes a novel scheme using subspace decomposition based estimation (SDBE). The proposed SDBE-based classification scheme first employs a base convolutional neural network to extract the deep feature vector (DFV) and then utilizes the SDBE to compute the DFV of the original occlusion-free image for classification. The SDBE is performed by projecting the DFV of the occluded image onto the linear span of a class dictionary (CD) along the linear span of an occlusion error dictionary (OED). The CD and OED are constructed respectively by concatenating the DFVs of a training set and the occlusion error vectors of an extra set of image pairs. Two implementations of the SDBE are studied in this paper: the $l_1$-norm and the squared $l_2$-norm regularized least-squares estimates. By employing the ResNet-152, pre-trained on the ILSVRC2012 training set, as the base network, the proposed SBDE-based classification scheme is extensively evaluated on the Caltech-101 and ILSVRC2012 datasets. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that the proposed SDBE-based scheme dramatically boosts the classification accuracy for occluded images, and achieves around $22.25\%$ increase in classification accuracy under $20\%$ occlusion on the ILSVRC2012 dataset. 
### 19.Modeling of Pruning Techniques for Deep Neural Networks Simplification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04062.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) suffer from different issues, such as computational complexity and the number of parameters. In recent years pruning techniques are employed to reduce the number of operations and model size in CNNs. Different pruning methods are proposed, which are based on pruning the connections, channels, and filters. Various techniques and tricks accompany pruning methods, and there is not a unifying framework to model all the pruning methods. In this paper pruning methods are investigated, and a general model which is contained the majority of pruning techniques is proposed. The advantages and disadvantages of the pruning methods can be identified, and all of them can be summarized under this model. The final goal of this model is to provide a general approach for all of the pruning methods with different structures and applications. 
### 20.Membership Inference Attacks Against Object Detection Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04011.pdf)
>  Machine learning models can leak information about the dataset they trained. In this paper, we present the first membership inference attack against black-boxed object detection models that determines whether given data records are used in training. To attack the object detection model, we devise a noble method named as Canvas Method, drawing predicted bounding boxes on an empty image for attack model input. In experiments, we successfully reveal the membership status of privately sensitive data trained by one-stage and two-stage detection models. We then propose defense strategies and also conduct a transfer attack between models and datasets. Our results show that object detection models are vulnerable to inference attacks as other models. 
### 21.Bag of Tricks for Retail Product Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03992.pdf)
>  Retail Product Image Classification is an important Computer Vision and Machine Learning problem for building real world systems like self-checkout stores and automated retail execution evaluation. In this work, we present various tricks to increase accuracy of Deep Learning models on different types of retail product image classification datasets. These tricks enable us to increase the accuracy of fine tuned convnets for retail product image classification by a large margin. As the most prominent trick, we introduce a new neural network layer called Local-Concepts-Accumulation (LCA) layer which gives consistent gains across multiple datasets. Two other tricks we find to increase accuracy on retail product identification are using an instagram-pretrained Convnet and using Maximum Entropy as an auxiliary loss for classification. 
### 22.Head and Tail Localization of C. elegans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03981.pdf)
>  C. elegans is commonly used in neuroscience for behaviour analysis because of it's compact nervous system with well-described connectivity. Localizing the animal and distinguishing between its head and tail are important tasks to track the worm during behavioural assays and to perform quantitative analyses. We demonstrate a neural network based approach to localize both the head and the tail of the worm in an image. To make empirical results in the paper reproducible and promote open source machine learning based solutions for C. elegans behavioural analysis, we also make our code publicly available. 
### 23.Attention Flow: End-to-End Joint Attention Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03960.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of understanding joint attention in third-person social scene videos. Joint attention is the shared gaze behaviour of two or more individuals on an object or an area of interest and has a wide range of applications such as human-computer interaction, educational assessment, treatment of patients with attention disorders, and many more. Our method, Attention Flow, learns joint attention in an end-to-end fashion by using saliency-augmented attention maps and two novel convolutional attention mechanisms that determine to select relevant features and improve joint attention localization. We compare the effect of saliency maps and attention mechanisms and report quantitative and qualitative results on the detection and localization of joint attention in the VideoCoAtt dataset, which contains complex social scenes. 
### 24.Bridging the gap between AI and Healthcare sides: towards developing clinically relevant AI-powered diagnosis systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03923.pdf)
>  This work aims to identify/bridge the gap between Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Healthcare sides in Japan towards developing medical AI fitting into a clinical environment in five years. Moreover, we attempt to confirm the clinical relevance for diagnosis of our research-proven pathology-aware Generative Adversarial Network (GAN)-based medical image augmentation: a data wrangling and information conversion technique to address data paucity. We hold a clinically valuable AI-envisioning workshop among 2 Medical Imaging experts, 2 physicians, and 3 Healthcare/Informatics generalists. A qualitative/quantitative questionnaire survey for 3 project-related physicians and 6 project non-related radiologists evaluates the GAN projects in terms of Data Augmentation (DA) and physician training. The workshop reveals the intrinsic gap between AI/Healthcare sides and its preliminary solutions on Why (i.e., clinical significance/interpretation) and How (i.e., data acquisition, commercial deployment, and safety/feeling safe). The survey confirms our pathology-aware GANs' clinical relevance as a clinical decision support system and non-expert physician training tool. Radiologists generally have high expectations for AI-based diagnosis as a reliable second opinion and abnormal candidate detection, instead of replacing them. Our findings would play a key role in connecting inter-disciplinary research and clinical applications, not limited to the Japanese medical context and pathology-aware GANs. We find that better DA and expert physician training would require atypical image generation via further GAN-based extrapolation. 
### 25.Rethinking Class Relations: Absolute-relative Few-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03919.pdf)
>  The majority of existing few-shot learning describe image relations with {0,1} binary labels. However, such binary relations are insufficient to teach the network complicated real-world relations, due to the lack of decision smoothness. Furthermore, current few-shot learning models capture only the similarity via relation labels, but they are not exposed to class concepts associated with objects, which is likely detrimental to the classification performance due to underutilization of the available class labels. To paraphrase, while children learn the concept of tiger from a few of examples with ease, and while they learn from comparisons of tiger to other animals, they are also taught the actual concept names. Thus, we hypothesize that in fact both similarity and class concept learning must be occurring simultaneously. With these observations at hand, we study the fundamental problem of simplistic class modeling in current few-shot learning, we rethink the relations between class concepts, and propose a novel absolute-relative learning paradigm to fully take advantage of label information to refine the image representations and correct the relation understanding. Our proposed absolute-relative learning paradigm improves the performance of several the state-of-the-art models on publicly available datasets. 
### 26.Few-shot Action Recognition via Improved Attention with Self-supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03905.pdf)
>  Most existing few-shot learning methods in computer vision focus on class recognition given a few of still images as the input. In contrast, this paper tackles a more challenging task of few-shot action-recognition from video clips. We propose a simple framework which is both flexible and easy to implement. Our approach exploits joint spatial and temporal attention mechanisms in conjunction with self-supervised representation learning on videos. This design encourages the model to discover and encode spatial and temporal attention hotspots important during the similarity learning between dynamic video sequences for which locations of discriminative patterns vary in the spatio-temporal sense. Our method compares favorably with several state-of-the-art baselines on HMDB51, miniMIT and UCF101 datasets, demonstrating its superior performance. 
### 27.Complementary Network with Adaptive Receptive Fields for Melanoma Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03893.pdf)
>  Automatic melanoma segmentation in dermoscopic images is essential in computer-aided diagnosis of skin cancer. Existing methods may suffer from the hole and shrink problems with limited segmentation performance. To tackle these issues, we propose a novel complementary network with adaptive receptive filed learning. Instead of regarding the segmentation task independently, we introduce a foreground network to detect melanoma lesions and a background network to mask non-melanoma regions. Moreover, we propose adaptive atrous convolution (AAC) and knowledge aggregation module (KAM) to fill holes and alleviate the shrink problems. AAC explicitly controls the receptive field at multiple scales and KAM convolves shallow feature maps by dilated convolutions with adaptive receptive fields, which are adjusted according to deep feature maps. In addition, a novel mutual loss is proposed to utilize the dependency between the foreground and background networks, thereby enabling the reciprocally influence within these two networks. Consequently, this mutual training strategy enables the semi-supervised learning and improve the boundary-sensitivity. Training with Skin Imaging Collaboration (ISIC) 2018 skin lesion segmentation dataset, our method achieves a dice co-efficient of 86.4% and shows better performance compared with state-of-the-art melanoma segmentation methods. 
### 28.Multi-source Domain Adaptation for Visual Sentiment Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03886.pdf)
>  Existing domain adaptation methods on visual sentiment classification typically are investigated under the single-source scenario, where the knowledge learned from a source domain of sufficient labeled data is transferred to the target domain of loosely labeled or unlabeled data. However, in practice, data from a single source domain usually have a limited volume and can hardly cover the characteristics of the target domain. In this paper, we propose a novel multi-source domain adaptation (MDA) method, termed Multi-source Sentiment Generative Adversarial Network (MSGAN), for visual sentiment classification. To handle data from multiple source domains, it learns to find a unified sentiment latent space where data from both the source and target domains share a similar distribution. This is achieved via cycle consistent adversarial learning in an end-to-end manner. Extensive experiments conducted on four benchmark datasets demonstrate that MSGAN significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art MDA approaches for visual sentiment classification. 
### 29.Attribute-guided Feature Learning Network for Vehicle Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03872.pdf)
>  Vehicle re-identification (reID) plays an important role in the automatic analysis of the increasing urban surveillance videos, which has become a hot topic in recent years. However, it poses the critical but challenging problem that is caused by various viewpoints of vehicles, diversified illuminations and complicated environments. Till now, most existing vehicle reID approaches focus on learning metrics or ensemble to derive better representation, which are only take identity labels of vehicle into consideration. However, the attributes of vehicle that contain detailed descriptions are beneficial for training reID model. Hence, this paper proposes a novel Attribute-Guided Network (AGNet), which could learn global representation with the abundant attribute features in an end-to-end manner. Specially, an attribute-guided module is proposed in AGNet to generate the attribute mask which could inversely guide to select discriminative features for category classification. Besides that, in our proposed AGNet, an attribute-based label smoothing (ALS) loss is presented to better train the reID model, which can strength the distinct ability of vehicle reID model to regularize AGNet model according to the attributes. Comprehensive experimental results clearly demonstrate that our method achieves excellent performance on both VehicleID dataset and VeRi-776 dataset. 
### 30.Fine-grained Image-to-Image Transformation towards Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03856.pdf)
>  Existing image-to-image transformation approaches primarily focus on synthesizing visually pleasing data. Generating images with correct identity labels is challenging yet much less explored. It is even more challenging to deal with image transformation tasks with large deformation in poses, viewpoints or scales while preserving the identity, such as face rotation and object viewpoint morphing. In this paper, we aim at transforming an image with a fine-grained category to synthesize new images that preserve the identity of the input image, which can thereby benefit the subsequent fine-grained image recognition and few-shot learning tasks. The generated images, transformed with large geometric deformation, do not necessarily need to be of high visual quality, but are required to maintain as much identity information as possible. To this end, we adopt a model based on generative adversarial networks to disentangle the identity related and unrelated factors of an image. In order to preserve the fine-grained contextual details of the input image during the deformable transformation, a constrained nonalignment connection method is proposed to construct learnable highways between intermediate convolution blocks in the generator. Moreover, an adaptive identity modulation mechanism is proposed to effectively transfer the identity information into the output image. Extensive experiments on the CompCars and Multi-PIE datasets demonstrate that our model preserves the identity of the generated images much better than the state-of-the-art image-to-image transformation models, and as a result significantly boosts the visual recognition performance in fine-grained few-shot learning. 
### 31.Deep Optimized Multiple Description Image Coding via Scalar Quantization Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03851.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a deep multiple description coding (MDC) framework optimized by minimizing multiple description (MD) compressive loss. First, MD multi-scale-dilated encoder network generates multiple description tensors, which are discretized by scalar quantizers, while these quantized tensors are decompressed by MD cascaded-ResBlock decoder networks. To greatly reduce the total amount of artificial neural network parameters, an auto-encoder network composed of these two types of network is designed as a symmetrical parameter sharing structure. Second, this autoencoder network and a pair of scalar quantizers are simultaneously learned in an end-to-end self-supervised way. Third, considering the variation in the image spatial distribution, each scalar quantizer is accompanied by an importance-indicator map to generate MD tensors, rather than using direct quantization. Fourth, we introduce the multiple description structural similarity distance loss, which implicitly regularizes the diversified multiple description generations, to explicitly supervise multiple description diversified decoding in addition to MD reconstruction loss. Finally, we demonstrate that our MDC framework performs better than several state-of-the-art MDC approaches regarding image coding efficiency when tested on several commonly available datasets. 
### 32.Concurrently Extrapolating and Interpolating Networks for Continuous Model Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03847.pdf)
>  Most deep image smoothing operators are always trained repetitively when different explicit structure-texture pairs are employed as label images for each algorithm configured with different parameters. This kind of training strategy often takes a long time and spends equipment resources in a costly manner. To address this challenging issue, we generalize continuous network interpolation as a more powerful model generation tool, and then propose a simple yet effective model generation strategy to form a sequence of models that only requires a set of specific-effect label images. To precisely learn image smoothing operators, we present a double-state aggregation (DSA) module, which can be easily inserted into most of current network architecture. Based on this module, we design a double-state aggregation neural network structure with a local feature aggregation block and a nonlocal feature aggregation block to obtain operators with large expression capacity. Through the evaluation of many objective and visual experimental results, we show that the proposed method is capable of producing a series of continuous models and achieves better performance than that of several state-of-the-art methods for image smoothing. 
### 33.A Comparative Study for Non-rigid Image Registration and Rigid Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03831.pdf)
>  Image registration algorithms can be generally categorized into two groups: non-rigid and rigid. Recently, many deep learning-based algorithms employ a neural net to characterize non-rigid image registration function. However, do they always perform better? In this study, we compare the state-of-art deep learning-based non-rigid registration approach with rigid registration approach. The data is generated from Kaggle Dog vs Cat Competition \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.kaggle.com/c/dogs-vs-cats/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>} and we test the algorithms' performance on rigid transformation including translation, rotation, scaling, shearing and pixelwise non-rigid transformation. The Voxelmorph is trained on rigidset and nonrigidset separately for comparison and we also add a gaussian blur layer to its original architecture to improve registration performance. The best quantitative results in both root-mean-square error (RMSE) and mean absolute error (MAE) metrics for rigid registration are produced by SimpleElastix and non-rigid registration by Voxelmorph. We select representative samples for visual assessment. 
### 34.Unsupervised Enhancement of Real-World Depth Images Using Tri-Cycle GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03779.pdf)
>  Low quality depth poses a considerable challenge to computer vision algorithms. In this work we aim to enhance highly degraded, real-world depth images acquired by a low-cost sensor, for which an analytical noise model is unavailable. In the absence of clean ground-truth, we approach the task as an unsupervised domain-translation between the low-quality sensor domain and a high-quality sensor domain, represented using two unpaired training sets. We employ the highly-successful Cycle-GAN to this task, but find it to perform poorly in this case. Identifying the sources of the failure, we introduce several modifications to the framework, including a larger generator architecture, depth-specific losses that take into account missing pixels, and a novel Tri-Cycle loss which promotes information-preservation while addressing the asymmetry between the domains. We show that the resulting framework dramatically improves over the original Cycle-GAN both visually and quantitatively, extending its applicability to more challenging and asymmetric translation tasks. 
### 35.Sparse Black-box Video Attack with Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03754.pdf)
>  Adversarial attacks on video recognition models have been explored recently. However, most existing works treat each video frame equally and ignore their temporal interactions. To overcome this drawback, a few methods try to select some key frames, and then perform attacks based on them. Unfortunately, their selecting strategy is independent with the attacking step, therefore the resulting performance is limited. In this paper, we aim to attack video recognition task in the black-box setting. The difference is, we think the frame selection phase is closely relevant with the attacking phase. The reasonable key frames should be adjusted according to the feedback of attacking threat models. Based on this idea, we formulate the black-box video attacks into the Reinforcement Learning (RL) framework. Specifically, the environment in RL is set as the threat models, and the agent in RL plays the role of frame selecting and video attacking simultaneously. By continuously querying the threat models and receiving the feedback of predicted probabilities (reward), the agent adjusts its frame selection strategy and performs attacks (action). Step by step, the optimal key frames are selected and the smallest adversarial perturbations are achieved. We conduct a series of experiments with two mainstream video recognition models: C3D and LRCN on the public UCF-101 and HMDB-51 datasets. The results demonstrate that the proposed method can significantly reduce the perturbation of adversarial examples and attacking on the sparse video frames can have better attack effectiveness than attacking on each frame. 
### 36.A Light Field Camera Calibration Method Using Sub-Aperture Related Bipartition Projection Model and 4D Corner Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03734.pdf)
>  Accurate calibration of intrinsic parameters of the light field (LF) camera is the key issue of many applications, especially of the 3D reconstruction. In this paper, we propose the Sub-Aperture Related Bipartition (SARB) projection model to characterize the LF camera. This projection model is composed with two sets of parameters targeting on center view sub-aperture and relations between sub-apertures. Moreover, we also propose a corner point detection algorithm which fully utilizes the 4D LF information in the raw image. Experimental results have demonstrated the accuracy and robustness of the corner detection method. Both the 2D re-projection errors in the lateral direction and errors in the depth direction are minimized because two sets of parameters in SARB projection model are solved separately. 
### 37.Towards Generalizable Surgical Activity Recognition Using Spatial Temporal Graph Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03728.pdf)
>  Modeling and recognition of surgical activities poses an interesting research problem. Although a number of recent works studied automatic recognition of surgical activities, generalizability of these works across different tasks and different datasets remains a challenge. We introduce a modality robust to scene variation, based on spatial temporal graph representations of surgical tool structures for surgical activity recognition. To show the effectiveness of the proposed modality, we model and recognize surgical gestures. We construct spatial graphs connecting the joint pose estimations of surgical tools. Then, we connect each joint to the corresponding joint in the consecutive frames forming interframe edges representing the trajectory of the joint over time. We then learn hierarchical temporal relationships between these joints over time using Spatial Temporal Graph Convolutional Networks (ST-GCN). Our experimental results show that learned spatial temporal graph representations of surgical videos perform well in surgical gesture recognition even when used individually. We experiment our model on the Suturing task of the JIGSAWS dataset where the chance baseline for gesture recognition is 10%. Our results demonstrate 68% average accuracy which suggests a significant improvement. Our experimental results show that our model learns meaningful hierarchical spatial-temporal graph representations. These learned representations can be used either individually, in cascades or as a complementary modality in surgical activity recognition, therefore provide a benchmark. To our knowledge, our paper is the first to use spatial temporal graph representations based on pose estimations of surgical tools in surgical activity recognition. 
### 38.Symmetric Skip Connection Wasserstein GAN for High-Resolution Facial Image Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03725.pdf)
>  We propose a Symmetric Skip Connection Wasserstein Generative Adversarial Network (S-WGAN) for high-resolution facial image inpainting. The architecture is an encoder-decoder with convolutional blocks, linked by skip connections. The encoder is a feature extractor that captures data abstractions of an input image to learn an end-to-end mapping from an input (binary masked image) to the ground-truth. The decoder uses the learned abstractions to reconstruct the image. With skip connections, S-WGAN transfers image details to the decoder. Also, we propose a Wasserstein-Perceptual loss function to preserve colour and maintain realism on a reconstructed image. We evaluate our method and the state-of-the-art methods on CelebA-HQ dataset. Our results show S-WGAN produces sharper and more realistic images when visually compared with other methods. The quantitative measures show our proposed S-WGAN achieves the best Structure Similarity Index Measure of 0.94. 
### 39.MHSAN: Multi-Head Self-Attention Network for Visual Semantic Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03712.pdf)
>  Visual-semantic embedding enables various tasks such as image-text retrieval, image captioning, and visual question answering. The key to successful visual-semantic embedding is to express visual and textual data properly by accounting for their intricate relationship. While previous studies have achieved much advance by encoding the visual and textual data into a joint space where similar concepts are closely located, they often represent data by a single vector ignoring the presence of multiple important components in an image or text. Thus, in addition to the joint embedding space, we propose a novel multi-head self-attention network to capture various components of visual and textual data by attending to important parts in data. Our approach achieves the new state-of-the-art results in image-text retrieval tasks on MS-COCO and Flicker30K datasets. Through the visualization of the attention maps that capture distinct semantic components at multiple positions in the image and the text, we demonstrate that our method achieves an effective and interpretable visual-semantic joint space. 
### 40.AE-OT-GAN: Training GANs from data specific latent distribution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03698.pdf)
>  Though generative adversarial networks (GANs) areprominent models to generate realistic and crisp images,they often encounter the mode collapse problems and arehard to train, which comes from approximating the intrinsicdiscontinuous distribution transform map with continuousDNNs. The recently proposed AE-OT model addresses thisproblem by explicitly computing the discontinuous distribu-tion transform map through solving a semi-discrete optimaltransport (OT) map in the latent space of the autoencoder.However the generated images are blurry. In this paper, wepropose the AE-OT-GAN model to utilize the advantages ofthe both models: generate high quality images and at thesame time overcome the mode collapse/mixture problems.Specifically, we first faithfully embed the low dimensionalimage manifold into the latent space by training an autoen-coder (AE). Then we compute the optimal transport (OT)map that pushes forward the uniform distribution to the la-tent distribution supported on the latent manifold. Finally,our GAN model is trained to generate high quality imagesfrom the latent distribution, the distribution transform mapfrom which to the empirical data distribution will be con-tinuous. The paired data between the latent code and thereal images gives us further constriction about the generator.Experiments on simple MNIST dataset and complex datasetslike Cifar-10 and CelebA show the efficacy and efficiency ofour proposed method. 
### 41.Understanding Graph Isomorphism Network for Brain MR Functional Connectivity Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03690.pdf)
>  Graph neural networks (GNN) rely on graph operations that include neural network training for various graph related tasks. Recently, several attempts have been made to apply the GNNs to functional magnetic resonance image (fMRI) data. Despite the recent progress, a common limitation is its difficulty to explain the classification results in a neuroscientifically explainable way. Here, we develop a framework for analyzing the fMRI data using the Graph Isomorphism Network (GIN), which was recently proposed as a state-of-the-art GNN for graph classification. One important observation in this paper is that the GIN is a realization of convolutional neural network (CNN) with two-tab filters in the graph space where the shift operation is realized using the adjacent matrix. Based on this observation, we visualize the important regions of the brain by a saliency mapping method of the trained GIN. We validate our proposed framework using large-scale resting-state fMRI data for classifying the sex of the subject based on the graph structure of the brain. The experiment was consistent with our expectation such that the obtained saliency map show high correspondence with previous neuroimaging evidences related to sex differences. 
### 42.Learning Topometric Semantic Maps from Occupancy Grids  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03676.pdf)
>  Today's mobile robots are expected to operate in complex environments they share with humans. To allow intuitive human-robot collaboration, robots require a human-like understanding of their surroundings in terms of semantically classified instances. In this paper, we propose a new approach for deriving such instance-based semantic maps purely from occupancy grids. We employ a combination of deep learning techniques to detect, segment and extract door hypotheses from a random-sized map. The extraction is followed by a post-processing chain to further increase the accuracy of our approach, as well as place categorization for the three classes room, door and corridor. All detected and classified entities are described as instances specified in a common coordinate system, while a topological map is derived to capture their spatial links. To train our two neural networks used for detection and map segmentation, we contribute a simulator that automatically creates and annotates the required training data. We further provide insight into which features are learned to detect doorways, and how the simulated training data can be augmented to train networks for the direct application on real-world grid maps. We evaluate our approach on several publicly available real-world data sets. Even though the used networks are solely trained on simulated data, our approach demonstrates high robustness and effectiveness in various real-world indoor environments. 
### 43.Retouchdown: Adding Touchdown to StreetLearn as a Shareable Resource for Language Grounding Tasks in Street View  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03671.pdf)
>  The Touchdown dataset (Chen et al., 2019) provides instructions by human annotators for navigation through New York City streets and for resolving spatial descriptions at a given location. To enable the wider research community to work effectively with the Touchdown tasks, we are publicly releasing the 29k raw Street View panoramas needed for Touchdown. We follow the process used for the StreetLearn data release (Mirowski et al., 2019) to check panoramas for personally identifiable information and blur them as necessary. These have been added to the StreetLearn dataset and can be obtained via the same process as used previously for StreetLearn. We also provide a reference implementation for both of the Touchdown tasks: vision and language navigation (VLN) and spatial description resolution (SDR). We compare our model results to those given in Chen et al. (2019) and show that the panoramas we have added to StreetLearn fully support both Touchdown tasks and can be used effectively for further research and comparison. 
### 44.Network of Steel: Neural Font Style Transfer from Heavy Metal to Corporate Logos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03659.pdf)
>  We introduce a method for transferring style from the logos of heavy metal bands onto corporate logos using a VGG16 network. We establish the contribution of different layers and loss coefficients to the learning of style, minimization of artefacts and maintenance of readability of corporate logos. We find layers and loss coefficients that produce a good tradeoff between heavy metal style and corporate logo readability. This is the first step both towards sparse font style transfer and corporate logo decoration using generative networks. Heavy metal and corporate logos are very different artistically, in the way they emphasize emotions and readability, therefore training a model to fuse the two is an interesting problem. 
### 45.Can Giraffes Become Birds? An Evaluation of Image-to-image Translation for Data Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03637.pdf)
>  There is an increasing interest in image-to-image translation with applications ranging from generating maps from satellite images to creating entire clothes' images from only contours. In the present work, we investigate image-to-image translation using Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) for generating new data, taking as a case study the morphing of giraffes images into bird images. Morphing a giraffe into a bird is a challenging task, as they have different scales, textures, and morphology. An unsupervised cross-domain translator entitled InstaGAN was trained on giraffes and birds, along with their respective masks, to learn translation between both domains. A dataset of synthetic bird images was generated using translation from originally giraffe images while preserving the original spatial arrangement and background. It is important to stress that the generated birds do not exist, being only the result of a latent representation learned by InstaGAN. Two subsets of common literature datasets were used for training the GAN and generating the translated images: COCO and Caltech-UCSD Birds 200-2011. To evaluate the realness and quality of the generated images and masks, qualitative and quantitative analyses were made. For the quantitative analysis, a pre-trained Mask R-CNN was used for the detection and segmentation of birds on Pascal VOC, Caltech-UCSD Birds 200-2011, and our new dataset entitled FakeSet. The generated dataset achieved detection and segmentation results close to the real datasets, suggesting that the generated images are realistic enough to be detected and segmented by a state-of-the-art deep neural network. 
### 46.AttentionAnatomy: A unified framework for whole-body organs at risk segmentation using multiple partially annotated datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04446.pdf)
>  Organs-at-risk (OAR) delineation in computed tomography (CT) is an important step in Radiation Therapy (RT) planning. Recently, deep learning based methods for OAR delineation have been proposed and applied in clinical practice for separate regions of the human body (head and neck, thorax, and abdomen). However, there are few researches regarding the end-to-end whole-body OARs delineation because the existing datasets are mostly partially or incompletely annotated for such task. In this paper, our proposed end-to-end convolutional neural network model, called \textbf{AttentionAnatomy}, can be jointly trained with three partially annotated datasets, segmenting OARs from whole body. Our main contributions are: 1) an attention module implicitly guided by body region label to modulate the segmentation branch output; 2) a prediction re-calibration operation, exploiting prior information of the input images, to handle partial-annotation(HPA) problem; 3) a new hybrid loss function combining batch Dice loss and spatially balanced focal loss to alleviate the organ size imbalance problem. Experimental results of our proposed framework presented significant improvements in both Srensen-Dice coefficient (DSC) and 95\% Hausdorff distance compared to the baseline model. 
### 47.FASTER: Fast and Safe Trajectory Planner for Flights in Unknown Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04420.pdf)
>  Planning high-speed trajectories for UAVs in unknown environments requires algorithmic techniques that enable fast reaction times to guarantee safety as more information about the environment becomes available. The standard approach to ensure safety is to enforce a "stop" condition in the free-known space. However, this can severely limit the speed of the vehicle, especially in situations where much of the world is unknown. Moreover, the ad-hoc time and interval allocation scheme usually imposed on the trajectory also leads to conservative and slower trajectories. This work proposes FASTER (Fast and Safe Trajectory Planner) to ensure safety without sacrificing speed. FASTER obtains high-speed trajectories by enabling the local planner to optimize in both the free-known and unknown spaces. Safety guarantees are ensured by always having a feasible, safe back-up trajectory in the free-known space at the start of each replanning step. The Mixed Integer Quadratic Program formulation proposed allows the solver to choose the trajectory interval allocation, and the time allocation is found by a line search algorithm initialized with a heuristic computed from the previous replanning iteration. This proposed algorithm is tested extensively both in simulation and in real hardware, showing agile flights in unknown cluttered environments with velocities up to 7.8 m/s. To demonstrate the generality of the proposed framework, FASTER is also applied to a skid-steer robot, and the maximum speed specified for the robot (2 m/s) is achieved in real hardware experiments. 
### 48.Visually Guided Self Supervised Learning of Speech Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04316.pdf)
>  Self supervised representation learning has recently attracted a lot of research interest for both the audio and visual modalities. However, most works typically focus on a particular modality or feature alone and there has been very limited work that studies the interaction between the two modalities for learning self supervised representations. We propose a framework for learning audio representations guided by the visual modality in the context of audiovisual speech. We employ a generative audio-to-video training scheme in which we animate a still image corresponding to a given audio clip and optimize the generated video to be as close as possible to the real video of the speech segment. Through this process, the audio encoder network learns useful speech representations that we evaluate on emotion recognition and speech recognition. We achieve state of the art results for emotion recognition and competitive results for speech recognition. This demonstrates the potential of visual supervision for learning audio representations as a novel way for self-supervised learning which has not been explored in the past. The proposed unsupervised audio features can leverage a virtually unlimited amount of training data of unlabelled audiovisual speech and have a large number of potentially promising applications. 
### 49.Nonparametric Continuous Sensor Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04286.pdf)
>  This paper develops a new mathematical framework that enables nonparametric joint semantic/appearance and geometric representation of continuous functions using data. The joint semantic and geometric embedding is modeled by representing the processes in a reproducing kernel Hilbert space. The framework allows the functions to be defined on arbitrary smooth manifolds where the action of a Lie group is used to align them. The continuous functions allow the registration to be independent of a specific signal resolution and the framework is fully analytical with a closed-form derivation of the Riemannian gradient and Hessian. We study a more specialized but widely used case where the Lie group acts on functions isometrically. We solve the problem by maximizing the inner product between two functions defined over data, while the continuous action of the rigid body motion Lie group is captured through the integration of the flow in the corresponding Lie algebra. Low-dimensional cases are derived with numerical examples to show the generality of the proposed framework. The high-dimensional derivation for the special Euclidean group acting on the Euclidean space showcases the point cloud registration and bird's-eye view map registration abilities. A specific derivation and implementation of this framework for RGB-D cameras outperform the state-of-the-art robust visual odometry and performs well in texture and structure-scares environments. 
### 50.Deep Image Translation with an Affinity-Based Change Prior for Unsupervised Multimodal Change Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04271.pdf)
>  Image translation with convolutional neural networks has recently been used as an approach to multimodal change detection. Existing approaches train the networks by exploiting supervised information of the change areas, which, however, is not always available. A main challenge in the unsupervised problem setting is to avoid that change pixels affect the learning of the translation function. We propose two new network architectures trained with loss functions weighted by priors that reduce the impact of change pixels on the learning objective. The change prior is derived in an unsupervised fashion from relational pixel information captured by domain-specific affinity matrices. Specifically, we use the vertex degrees associated with an absolute affinity difference matrix and demonstrate their utility in combination with cycle consistency and adversarial training. The proposed neural networks are compared with state-of-the-art algorithms. Experiments conducted on two real datasets show the effectiveness of our methodology. 
### 51.Adversarial Loss for Semantic Segmentation of Aerial Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04269.pdf)
>  Automatic building extraction from aerial imagery has several applications in urban planning, disaster management, and change detection. In recent years, several works have adopted deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for building extraction, since they produce rich features that are invariant against lighting conditions, shadows, etc. Although several advances have been made, building extraction from aerial imagery still presents multiple challenges. Most of the deep learning segmentation methods optimize the per-pixel loss with respect to the ground truth without knowledge of the context. This often leads to imperfect outputs that may lead to missing or unrefined regions. In this work, we propose a novel loss function combining both adversarial and cross-entropy losses that learn to understand both local and global contexts for semantic segmentation. The newly proposed loss function deployed on the DeepLab v3+ network obtains state-of-the-art results on the Massachusetts buildings dataset. The loss function improves the structure and refines the edges of buildings without requiring any of the commonly used post-processing methods, such as Conditional Random Fields. We also perform ablation studies to understand the impact of the adversarial loss. Finally, the proposed method achieves a relaxed F1 score of 95.59% on the Massachusetts buildings dataset compared to the previous best F1 of 94.88%. 
### 52.Incremental Unsupervised Domain-Adversarial Training of Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04129.pdf)
>  In the context of supervised statistical learning, it is typically assumed that the training set comes from the same distribution that draws the test samples. When this is not the case, the behavior of the learned model is unpredictable and becomes dependent upon the degree of similarity between the distribution of the training set and the distribution of the test set. One of the research topics that investigates this scenario is referred to as domain adaptation. Deep neural networks brought dramatic advances in pattern recognition and that is why there have been many attempts to provide good domain adaptation algorithms for these models. Here we take a different avenue and approach the problem from an incremental point of view, where the model is adapted to the new domain iteratively. We make use of an existing unsupervised domain-adaptation algorithm to identify the target samples on which there is greater confidence about their true label. The output of the model is analyzed in different ways to determine the candidate samples. The selected set is then added to the source training set by considering the labels provided by the network as ground truth, and the process is repeated until all target samples are labelled. Our results report a clear improvement with respect to the non-incremental case in several datasets, also outperforming other state-of-the-art domain adaptation algorithms. 
### 53.Adaptive fractional order graph neural network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04026.pdf)
>  This paper proposes adaptive fractional order graph neural network (AFGNN), optimized by a time-varying fractional order gradient descent method to address the challenges of local optimum of classic and fractional GNNs which are specialised at aggregating information from the feature and adjacent matrices of connected nodes and their neighbours to solve learning tasks on non-Euclidean data such as graphs. To overcome the high computational complexity of fractional order derivations, the proposed model approximately calculates the fractional order gradients. We further prove such approximation is feasible and the AFGNN is unbiased. Extensive experiments on benchmark citation networks and object recognition challenges confirm the performance of AFGNN. The first group of experiments show that the results of AFGNN outperform the steepest gradient based method and conventional GNNs on the citation networks. The second group of experiments demonstrate that AFGNN excels at image recognition tasks where the images have a significant amount of missing pixels and expresses improved accuracy than GNNs. 
### 54.Robust Brain Magnetic Resonance Image Segmentation for Hydrocephalus Patients: Hard and Soft Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03857.pdf)
>  Brain magnetic resonance (MR) segmentation for hydrocephalus patients is considered as a challenging work. Encoding the variation of the brain anatomical structures from different individuals cannot be easily achieved. The task becomes even more difficult especially when the image data from hydrocephalus patients are considered, which often have large deformations and differ significantly from the normal subjects. Here, we propose a novel strategy with hard and soft attention modules to solve the segmentation problems for hydrocephalus MR images. Our main contributions are three-fold: 1) the hard-attention module generates coarse segmentation map using multi-atlas-based method and the VoxelMorph tool, which guides subsequent segmentation process and improves its robustness; 2) the soft-attention module incorporates position attention to capture precise context information, which further improves the segmentation accuracy; 3) we validate our method by segmenting insula, thalamus and many other regions-of-interests (ROIs) that are critical to quantify brain MR images of hydrocephalus patients in real clinical scenario. The proposed method achieves much improved robustness and accuracy when segmenting all 17 consciousness-related ROIs with high variations for different subjects. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to employ deep learning for solving the brain segmentation problems of hydrocephalus patients. 
### 55.Dynamic Coronary Roadmapping via Catheter Tip Tracking in X-ray Fluoroscopy with Deep Learning Based Bayesian Filtering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03801.pdf)
>  Percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) is typically performed with image guidance using X-ray angiograms in which coronary arteries are opacified with X-ray opaque contrast agents. Interventional cardiologists typically navigate instruments using non-contrast-enhanced fluoroscopic images, since higher use of contrast agents increases the risk of kidney failure. When using fluoroscopic images, the interventional cardiologist needs to rely on a mental anatomical reconstruction. This paper reports on the development of a novel dynamic coronary roadmapping approach for improving visual feedback and reducing contrast use during PCI. The approach compensates cardiac and respiratory induced vessel motion by ECG alignment and catheter tip tracking in X-ray fluoroscopy, respectively. In particular, for accurate and robust tracking of the catheter tip, we proposed a new deep learning based Bayesian filtering method that integrates the detection outcome of a convolutional neural network and the motion estimation between frames using a particle filtering framework. The proposed roadmapping and tracking approaches were validated on clinical X-ray images, achieving accurate performance on both catheter tip tracking and dynamic coronary roadmapping experiments. In addition, our approach runs in real-time on a computer with a single GPU and has the potential to be integrated into the clinical workflow of PCI procedures, providing cardiologists with visual guidance during interventions without the need of extra use of contrast agent. 
### 56.DuDoRNet: Learning a Dual-Domain Recurrent Network for Fast MRI Reconstruction with Deep T1 Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03799.pdf)
>  MRI with multiple protocols is commonly used for diagnosis, but it suffers from a long acquisition time, which yields the image quality vulnerable to say motion artifacts. To accelerate, various methods have been proposed to reconstruct full images from undersampled k-space data. However, these algorithms are inadequate for two main reasons. Firstly, aliasing artifacts generated in the image domain are structural and non-local, so that sole image domain restoration is insufficient. Secondly, though MRI comprises multiple protocols during one exam, almost all previous studies only employ the reconstruction of an individual protocol using a highly distorted undersampled image as input, leaving the use of fully-sampled short protocol (say T1) as complementary information highly underexplored. In this work, we address the above two limitations by proposing a Dual Domain Recurrent Network (DuDoRNet) with deep T1 prior embedded to simultaneously recover k-space and images for accelerating the acquisition of MRI with a long imaging protocol. Specifically, a Dilated Residual Dense Network (DRDNet) is customized for dual domain restorations from undersampled MRI data. Extensive experiments on different sampling patterns and acceleration rates demonstrate that our method consistently outperforms state-of-the-art methods, and can achieve SSIM up to 0.99 at $6 \times$ acceleration. 
### 57.Semi-supervised Anomaly Detection using AutoEncoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03674.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection refers to the task of finding unusual instances that stand out from the normal data. In several applications, these outliers or anomalous instances are of greater interest compared to the normal ones. Specifically in the case of industrial optical inspection and infrastructure asset management, finding these defects (anomalous regions) is of extreme importance. Traditionally and even today this process has been carried out manually. Humans rely on the saliency of the defects in comparison to the normal texture to detect the defects. However, manual inspection is slow, tedious, subjective and susceptible to human biases. Therefore, the automation of defect detection is desirable. But for defect detection lack of availability of a large number of anomalous instances and labelled data is a problem. In this paper, we present a convolutional auto-encoder architecture for anomaly detection that is trained only on the defect-free (normal) instances. For the test images, residual masks that are obtained by subtracting the original image from the auto-encoder output are thresholded to obtain the defect segmentation masks. The approach was tested on two data-sets and achieved an impressive average F1 score of 0.885. The network learnt to detect the actual shape of the defects even though no defected images were used during the training. 
