# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 6 Jan 2020
### 1.Deep Unsupervised Common Representation Learning for LiDAR and Camera Data using Double Siamese Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.00762.pdf)
>  Domain gaps of sensor modalities pose a challenge for the design of autonomous robots. Taking a step towards closing this gap, we propose two unsupervised training frameworks for finding a common representation of LiDAR and camera data. The first method utilizes a double Siamese training structure to ensure consistency in the results. The second method uses a Canny edge image guiding the networks towards a desired representation. All networks are trained in an unsupervised manner, leaving room for scalability. The results are evaluated using common computer vision applications, and the limitations of the proposed approaches are outlined. 
### 2.Trajectory Forecasts in Unknown Environments Conditioned on Grid-Based Plans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.00735.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of forecasting agent trajectories in unknown environments, conditioned on their past motion and scene structure. Trajectory forecasting is a challenging problem due to the large variation in scene structure, and the multi-modal nature of the distribution of future trajectories. Unlike prior approaches that directly learn one-to-many mappings from observed context, to multiple future trajectories, we propose to condition trajectory forecasts on \textit{plans} sampled from a grid based policy learned using maximum entropy inverse reinforcement learning policy (MaxEnt IRL). We reformulate MaxEnt IRL to allow the policy to jointly infer plausible agent goals and paths to those goals on a coarse 2-D grid defined over an unknown scene. We propose an attention based trajectory generator that generates continuous valued future trajectories conditioned on state sequences sampled from the MaxEnt policy. Quantitative and qualitative evaluation on the publicly available Stanford drone dataset (SDD) shows that our model generates trajectories that are (1) diverse, representing the multi-modal predictive distribution, and (2) precise, conforming to the underlying scene structure over long prediction horizons, achieving state of the art results on the TrajNet benchmark split of SDD. 
### 3.A Multi-oriented Chinese Keyword Spotter Guided by Text Line Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.00722.pdf)
>  Chinese keyword spotting is a challenging task as there is no visual blank for Chinese words. Different from English words which are split naturally by visual blanks, Chinese words are generally split only by semantic <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://information.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this paper, we propose a new Chinese keyword spotter for natural images, which is inspired by Mask R-CNN. We propose to predict the keyword masks guided by text line detection. Firstly, proposals of text lines are generated by Faster R-CNN;Then, text line masks and keyword masks are predicted by segmentation in the proposals. In this way, the text lines and keywords are predicted in parallel. We create two Chinese keyword datasets based on RCTW-17 and ICPR MTWI2018 to verify the effectiveness of our method. 
### 4.HandAugment: A Simple Data Augmentation for HANDS19 Challenge Task 1 -- Depth-Based 3D Hand Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.00702.pdf)
>  Hand pose estimation from 3D depth images, has been explored widely using various kinds of techniques in the field of computer vision. However, this problem still remain unsolved. In this paper we present HandAugment, a simple data augmentation for depth-based 3D hand pose estimation. HandAugment consists of two stages of neural networks. The first stage of neural network is used to extract hand patches and estimate the initial hand poses from the depth images in an iteration fashion. This step can help filter out more outlier patches away (e.g., arms and backgrounds). Then the extracted patches and initial hand poses are further feed into the neural network of the second stage to get the final hand poses. This strategy of two stages greatly improves the accuracy of hands pose estimation. Finally, our method achieves the first place in the task of depth-based 3D hand pose estimation in HANDS19 challenge. 
### 5.FFusionCGAN: An end-to-end fusion method for few-focus images using conditional GAN in cytopathological digital slides  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.00692.pdf)
>  Multi-focus image fusion technologies compress different focus depth images into an image in which most objects are in focus. However, although existing image fusion techniques, including traditional algorithms and deep learning-based algorithms, can generate high-quality fused images, they need multiple images with different focus depths in the same field of view. This criterion may not be met in some cases where time efficiency is required or the hardware is insufficient. The problem is especially prominent in large-size whole slide images. This paper focused on the multi-focus image fusion of cytopathological digital slide images, and proposed a novel method for generating fused images from single-focus or few-focus images based on conditional generative adversarial network (GAN). Through the adversarial learning of the generator and discriminator, the method is capable of generating fused images with clear textures and large depth of field. Combined with the characteristics of cytopathological images, this paper designs a new generator architecture combining U-Net and DenseBlock, which can effectively improve the network's receptive field and comprehensively encode image features. Meanwhile, this paper develops a semantic segmentation network that identifies the blurred regions in cytopathological images. By integrating the network into the generative model, the quality of the generated fused images is effectively improved. Our method can generate fused images from only single-focus or few-focus images, thereby avoiding the problem of collecting multiple images of different focus depths with increased time and hardware costs. Furthermore, our model is designed to learn the direct mapping of input source images to fused images without the need to manually design complex activity level measurements and fusion rules as in traditional methods. 
### 6.From Kinematics To Dynamics: Estimating Center of Pressure and Base of Support from Video Frames of Human Motion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.00657.pdf)
>  To gain an understanding of the relation between a given human pose image and the corresponding physical foot pressure of the human subject, we propose and validate two end-to-end deep learning architectures, PressNet and PressNet-Simple, to regress foot pressure heatmaps (dynamics) from 2D human pose (kinematics) derived from a video frame. A unique video and foot pressure data set of 813,050 synchronized pairs, composed of 5-minute long choreographed Taiji movement sequences of 6 subjects, is collected and used for leaving-one-subject-out cross validation. Our initial experimental results demonstrate reliable and repeatable foot pressure prediction from a single image, setting the first baseline for such a complex cross modality mapping problem in computer vision. Furthermore, we compute and quantitatively validate the Center of Pressure (CoP) and Base of Support (BoS) from predicted foot pressure distribution, obtaining key components in pose stability analysis from images with potential applications in kinesiology, medicine, sports and robotics. 
### 7.PI-GAN: Learning Pose Independent representations for multiple profile face synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.00645.pdf)
>  Generating a pose-invariant representation capable of synthesizing multiple face pose views from a single pose is still a difficult problem. The solution is demanded in various areas like multimedia security, computer vision, robotics, etc. Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have encoder-decoder structures possessing the capability to learn pose-independent representation incorporated with discriminator network for realistic face synthesis. We present PIGAN, a cyclic shared encoder-decoder framework, in an attempt to solve the problem. As compared to traditional GAN, it consists of secondary encoder-decoder framework sharing weights from the primary structure and reconstructs the face with the original pose. The primary framework focuses on creating disentangle representation, and secondary framework aims to restore the original face. We use CFP high-resolution, realistic dataset to check the performance. 
### 8.Improved Spectral Imaging Microscopy for Cultural Heritage through Oblique Illumination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.00817.pdf)
>  This work presents the development of a flexible microscopic chemical imaging platform for cultural heritage that utilizes wavelength-tunable oblique illumination from a point source to obtain per-pixel reflectance spectra in the VIS-NIR range. The microscope light source can be adjusted on two axes allowing for a hemisphere of possible illumination directions. The synthesis of multiple illumination angles allows for the calculation of surface normal vectors, similar to phase gradients, and axial optical sectioning. The extraction of spectral reflectance images with high spatial resolutions from these data is demonstrated through the analysis of a replica cross-section, created from known painting reference materials, as well as a sample extracted from a painting by Pablo Picasso entitled La Miséreuse accroupie (1902). These case studies show the rich microscale molecular information that may be obtained using this microscope and how the instrument overcomes challenges for spectral analysis commonly encountered on works of art with complex matrices composed of both inorganic minerals and organic lakes. 
### 9.A Review on InSAR Phase Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.00769.pdf)
>  Nowadays, interferometric synthetic aperture radar (InSAR) has been a powerful tool in remote sensing by enhancing the information acquisition. During the InSAR processing, phase denoising of interferogram is a mandatory step for topography mapping and deformation monitoring. Over the last three decades, a large number of effective algorithms have been developed to do efforts on this topic. In this paper, we give a comprehensive overview of InSAR phase denoising methods, classifying the established and emerging algorithms into four main categories. The first two parts refer to the categories of traditional local filters and transformed-domain filters, respectively. The third part focuses on the category of nonlocal (NL) filters, considering their outstanding performances. Latter, some advanced methods based on new concept of signal processing are also introduced to show their potentials in this field. Moreover, several popular phase denoising methods are illustrated and compared by performing the numerical experiments using both simulated and measured data. The purpose of this paper is intended to provide necessary guideline and inspiration to related researchers by promoting the architecture development of InSAR signal processing. 
### 10.Good Feature Matching: Towards Accurate, Robust VO/VSLAM with Low Latency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.00714.pdf)
>  Analysis of state-of-the-art VO/VSLAM system exposes a gap in balancing performance (accuracy &amp; robustness) and efficiency (latency). Feature-based systems exhibit good performance, yet have higher latency due to explicit data association; direct &amp; semidirect systems have lower latency, but are inapplicable in some target scenarios or exhibit lower accuracy than feature-based ones. This paper aims to fill the performance-efficiency gap with an enhancement applied to feature-based VSLAM. We present good feature matching, an active map-to-frame feature matching method. Feature matching effort is tied to submatrix selection, which has combinatorial time complexity and requires choosing a scoring metric. Via simulation, the Max-logDet matrix revealing metric is shown to perform best. For real-time applicability, the combination of deterministic selection and randomized acceleration is studied. The proposed algorithm is integrated into monocular &amp; stereo feature-based VSLAM systems. Extensive evaluations on multiple benchmarks and compute hardware quantify the latency reduction and the accuracy &amp; robustness preservation. 
### 11.Robust Self-Supervised Learning of Deterministic Errors in Single-Plane (Monoplanar) and Dual-Plane (Biplanar) X-ray Fluoroscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.00686.pdf)
>  Fluoroscopic imaging that captures X-ray images at video framerates is advantageous for guiding catheter insertions by vascular surgeons and interventional radiologists. Visualizing the dynamical movements non-invasively allows complex surgical procedures to be performed with less trauma to the patient. To improve surgical precision, endovascular procedures can benefit from more accurate fluoroscopy data via calibration. This paper presents a robust self-calibration algorithm suitable for single-plane and dual-plane fluoroscopy. A three-dimensional (3D) target field was imaged by the fluoroscope in a strong geometric network configuration. The unknown 3D positions of targets and the fluoroscope pose were estimated simultaneously by maximizing the likelihood of the Student-t probability distribution function. A smoothed k-nearest neighbour (kNN) regression is then used to model the deterministic component of the image reprojection error of the robust bundle adjustment. The Maximum Likelihood Estimation step and the kNN regression step are then repeated iteratively until convergence. Four different error modeling schemes were compared while varying the quantity of training images. It was found that using a smoothed kNN regression can automatically model the systematic errors in fluoroscopy with similar accuracy as a human expert using a small training dataset. When all training images were used, the 3D mapping error was reduced from 0.61-0.83 mm to 0.04 mm post-calibration (94.2-95.7% improvement), and the 2D reprojection error was reduced from 1.17-1.31 to 0.20-0.21 pixels (83.2-83.8% improvement). When using biplanar fluoroscopy, the 3D measurement accuracy of the system improved from 0.60 mm to 0.32 mm (47.2% improvement). 
### 12.Improve Unsupervised Domain Adaptation with Mixup Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.00677.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation studies the problem of utilizing a relevant source domain with abundant labels to build predictive modeling for an unannotated target domain. Recent work observe that the popular adversarial approach of learning domain-invariant features is insufficient to achieve desirable target domain performance and thus introduce additional training constraints, e.g. cluster assumption. However, these approaches impose the constraints on source and target domains individually, ignoring the important interplay between them. In this work, we propose to enforce training constraints across domains using mixup formulation to directly address the generalization performance for target data. In order to tackle potentially huge domain discrepancy, we further propose a feature-level consistency regularizer to facilitate the inter-domain constraint. When adding intra-domain mixup and domain adversarial learning, our general framework significantly improves state-of-the-art performance on several important tasks from both image classification and human activity recognition. 
### 13.DeepFocus: a Few-Shot Microscope Slide Auto-Focus using a Sample Invariant CNN-based Sharpness Function  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.00667.pdf)
>  Autofocus (AF) methods are extensively used in biomicroscopy, for example to acquire timelapses, where the imaged objects tend to drift out of focus. AD algorithms determine an optimal distance by which to move the sample back into the focal plane. Current hardware-based methods require modifying the microscope and image-based algorithms either rely on many images to converge to the sharpest position or need training data and models specific to each instrument and imaging configuration. Here we propose DeepFocus, an AF method we implemented as a Micro-Manager plugin, and characterize its Convolutional neural network-based sharpness function, which we observed to be depth co-variant and sample-invariant. Sample invariance allows our AF algorithm to converge to an optimal axial position within as few as three iterations using a model trained once for use with a wide range of optical microscopes and a single instrument-dependent calibration stack acquisition of a flat (but arbitrary) textured object. From experiments carried out both on synthetic and experimental data, we observed an average precision, given 3 measured images, of 0.30 +- 0.16 micrometers with a 10x, NA 0.3 objective. We foresee that this performance and low image number will help limit photodamage during acquisitions with light-sensitive samples. 
### 14.Synthetic vascular structure generation for unsupervised pre-training in CTA segmentation tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.00666.pdf)
>  Large enough computed tomography (CT) data sets to train supervised deep models are often hard to come by. One contributing issue is the amount of manual labor that goes into creating ground truth labels, specially for volumetric data. In this research, we train a U-net architecture at a vessel segmentation task that can be used to provide insights when treating stroke patients. We create a computational model that generates synthetic vascular structures which can be blended into unlabeled CT scans of the head. This unsupervised approached to labelling is used to pre-train deep segmentation models, which are later fine-tuned on real examples to achieve an increase in accuracy compared to models trained exclusively on a hand-labeled data set. 
### 15.A Machine Learning Imaging Core using Separable FIR-IIR Filters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.00630.pdf)
>  We propose fixed-function neural network hardware that is designed to perform pixel-to-pixel image transformations in a highly efficient way. We use a fully trainable, fixed-topology neural network to build a model that can perform a wide variety of image processing tasks. Our model uses compressed skip lines and hybrid FIR-IIR blocks to reduce the latency and hardware footprint. Our proposed Machine Learning Imaging Core, dubbed MagIC, uses a silicon area of ~3mm^2 (in TSMC 16nm), which is orders of magnitude smaller than a comparable pixel-wise dense prediction model. MagIC requires no DDR bandwidth, no SRAM, and practically no external memory. Each MagIC core consumes 56mW (215 mW max power) at 500MHz and achieves an energy-efficient throughput of 23TOPS/W/mm^2. MagIC can be used as a multi-purpose image processing block in an imaging pipeline, approximating compute-heavy image processing applications, such as image deblurring, denoising, and colorization, within the power and silicon area limits of mobile devices. 
