# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 13 Jan 2020
### 1.In Defense of Grid Features for Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03615.pdf)
>  Popularized as 'bottom-up' attention, bounding box (or region) based visual features have recently surpassed vanilla grid-based convolutional features as the de facto standard for vision and language tasks like visual question answering (VQA). However, it is not clear whether the advantages of regions (e.g. better localization) are the key reasons for the success of bottom-up attention. In this paper, we revisit grid features for VQA and find they can work surprisingly well-running more than an order of magnitude faster with the same accuracy. Through extensive experiments, we verify that this observation holds true across different VQA models, datasets, and generalizes well to other tasks like image captioning. As grid features make the model design and training process much simpler, this enables us to train them end-to-end and also use a more flexible network design. We learn VQA models end-to-end, from pixels directly to answers, and show that strong performance is achievable without using any region annotations in pre-training. We hope our findings help further improve the scientific understanding and the practical application of VQA. Code and features will be made available. 
### 2.Video Coding for Machines: A Paradigm of Collaborative Compression and Intelligent Analytics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03569.pdf)
>  Video coding, which targets to compress and reconstruct the whole frame, and feature compression, which only preserves and transmits the most critical information, stand at two ends of the scale. That is, one with compactness and efficiency to serve for machine vision, and the other with full fidelity, bowing to human perception. The recent endeavors in imminent trends of video compression, e.g. deep learning based coding tools and end-to-end image/video coding, and MPEG-7 compact feature descriptor standards, i.e. Compact Descriptors for Visual Search and Compact Descriptors for Video Analysis, promote the sustainable and fast development in their own directions, respectively. In this paper, thanks to booming AI technology, e.g. prediction and generation models, we carry out exploration in the new area, Video Coding for Machines (VCM), arising from the emerging MPEG standardization efforts. Towards collaborative compression and intelligent analytics, VCM attempts to bridge the gap between feature coding for machine vision and video coding for human vision. Aligning with the rising Analyze then Compress instance Digital Retina, the definition, formulation, and paradigm of VCM are given first. Meanwhile, we systematically review state-of-the-art techniques in video compression and feature compression from the unique perspective of MPEG standardization, which provides the academic and industrial evidence to realize the collaborative compression of video and feature streams in a broad range of AI applications. Finally, we come up with potential VCM solutions, and the preliminary results have demonstrated the performance and efficiency gains. Further direction is discussed as well. 
### 3.Pruning Convolutional Neural Networks with Self-Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03554.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks trained without supervision come close to matching performance with supervised pre-training, but sometimes at the cost of an even higher number of parameters. Extracting subnetworks from these large unsupervised convnets with preserved performance is of particular interest to make them less computationally intensive. Typical pruning methods operate during training on a task while trying to maintain the performance of the pruned network on the same task. However, in self-supervised feature learning, the training objective is agnostic on the representation transferability to downstream tasks. Thus, preserving performance for this objective does not ensure that the pruned subnetwork remains effective for solving downstream tasks. In this work, we investigate the use of standard pruning methods, developed primarily for supervised learning, for networks trained without labels (i.e. on self-supervised tasks). We show that pruned masks obtained with or without labels reach comparable performance when re-trained on labels, suggesting that pruning operates similarly for self-supervised and supervised learning. Interestingly, we also find that pruning preserves the transfer performance of self-supervised subnetwork representations. 
### 4.Deformable Groupwise Image Registration using Low-Rank and Sparse Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03509.pdf)
>  Low-rank and sparse decompositions and robust PCA (RPCA) are highly successful techniques in image processing and have recently found use in groupwise image registration. In this paper, we investigate the drawbacks of the most common RPCA-dissimi\-larity metric in image registration and derive an improved version. In particular, this new metric models low-rank requirements through explicit constraints instead of penalties and thus avoids the pitfalls of the established metric. Equipped with total variation regularization, we present a theoretically justified multilevel scheme based on first-order primal-dual optimization to solve the resulting non-parametric registration problem. As confirmed by numerical experiments, our metric especially lends itself to data involving recurring changes in object appearance and potential sparse perturbations. We numerically compare its peformance to a number of related approaches. 
### 5.SVIRO: Synthetic Vehicle Interior Rear Seat Occupancy Dataset and Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03483.pdf)
>  We release SVIRO, a synthetic dataset for sceneries in the passenger compartment of ten different vehicles, in order to analyze machine learning-based approaches for their generalization capacities and reliability when trained on a limited number of variations (e.g. identical backgrounds and textures, few instances per class). This is in contrast to the intrinsically high variability of common benchmark datasets, which focus on improving the state-of-the-art of general tasks. Our dataset contains bounding boxes for object detection, instance segmentation masks, keypoints for pose estimation and depth images for each synthetic scenery as well as images for each individual seat for classification. The advantage of our use-case is twofold: The proximity to a realistic application to benchmark new approaches under novel circumstances while reducing the complexity to a more tractable environment, such that applications and theoretical questions can be tested on a more challenging dataset as toy problems. The data and evaluation server are available under <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sviro.kl.dfki.de" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 6.Compressive sensing based privacy for fall detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03463.pdf)
>  Fall detection holds immense importance in the field of healthcare, where timely detection allows for instant medical assistance. In this context, we propose a 3D ConvNet architecture which consists of 3D Inception modules for fall detection. The proposed architecture is a custom version of Inflated 3D (I3D) architecture, that takes compressed measurements of video sequence as spatio-temporal input, obtained from compressive sensing framework, rather than video sequence as input, as in the case of I3D convolutional neural network. This is adopted since privacy raises a huge concern for patients being monitored through these RGB cameras. The proposed framework for fall detection is flexible enough with respect to a wide variety of measurement matrices. Ten action classes randomly selected from Kinetics-400 with no fall examples, are employed to train our 3D ConvNet post compressive sensing with different types of sensing matrices on the original video clips. Our results show that 3D ConvNet performance remains unchanged with different sensing matrices. Also, the performance obtained with Kinetics pre-trained 3D ConvNet on compressively sensed fall videos from benchmark datasets is better than the state-of-the-art techniques. 
### 7.Cloud-based Image Classification Service Is Not Robust To Adversarial Examples: A Forgotten Battlefield  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03460.pdf)
>  In recent years, Deep Learning(DL) techniques have been extensively deployed for computer vision tasks, particularly visual classification problems, where new algorithms reported to achieve or even surpass the human performance . While many recent works demonstrated that DL models are vulnerable to adversarial examples.Fortunately, generating adversarial examples usually requires white-box access to the victim model, and real-world cloud-based image classification services are more complex than white-box classifier,the architecture and parameters of DL models on cloud platforms cannot be obtained by the attacker. The attacker can only access the APIs opened by cloud platforms. Thus, keeping models in the cloud can usually give a (false) sense of <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://security.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this paper, we mainly focus on studying the security of real-world cloud-based image classification services. Specifically, (1) We propose two novel attack methods, Image Fusion(IF) attack and Fast Featuremap Loss PGD (FFL-PGD) attack based on Substitution model ,which achieve a high bypass rate with a very limited number of queries. Instead of millions of queries in previous studies, our methods find the adversarial examples using only two queries per image ; and (2) we make the first attempt to conduct an extensive empirical study of black-box attacks against real-world cloud-based classification services. Through evaluations on four popular cloud platforms including Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Clarifai, we demonstrate that Spatial Transformation (ST) attack has a success rate of approximately 100\% except Amazon approximately 50\%, IF and FFL-PGD attack have a success rate over 90\% among different classification services. (3) We discuss the possible defenses to address these security challenges in cloud-based classification services.Our defense technology is mainly divided into model training stage and image preprocessing stage. 
### 8.Matrix-LSTM: a Differentiable Recurrent Surface for Asynchronous Event-Based Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03455.pdf)
>  Dynamic Vision Sensors (DVSs) asynchronously stream events in correspondence of pixels subject to brightness changes. Differently from classic vision devices, they produce a sparse representation of the scene. Therefore, to apply standard computer vision algorithms, events need to be integrated into a frame or event-surface. This is usually attained through hand-crafted grids that reconstruct the frame using ad-hoc heuristics. In this paper, we propose Matrix-LSTM, a grid of Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) cells to learn end-to-end a task-dependent event-surfaces. Compared to existing reconstruction approaches, our learned event-surface shows good flexibility and expressiveness improving the baselines on optical flow estimation on the MVSEC benchmark and the state-of-the-art of event-based object classification on the N-Cars dataset. 
### 9.Improving Image Autoencoder Embeddings with Perceptual Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03444.pdf)
>  Autoencoders are commonly trained using element-wise loss. However, element-wise loss disregards high-level structures in the image which can lead to embeddings that disregard them as well. A recent improvement to autoencoders that help alleviate this problem is the use of perceptual loss. This work investigate perceptual loss from the perspective of encoder embeddings themselves. Autoencoders are trained to embed images from three different computer vision datasets using perceptual loss based on a pretrained model as well as pixel-wise loss. A host of different predictors are trained to perform object positioning and classification on the datasets given the embedded images as input. The two kinds of losses are evaluated by comparing how the predictors performed with embeddings from the differently trained autoencoders. The results show that, in the image domain, the embeddings generated by autoencoders trained with perceptual loss enable more accurate predictions than those trained with element-wise loss. Furthermore, the results show that, on the task of object-positioning of a small-scale feature, perceptual loss can improve the results by a factor 10. The experimental setup is available online: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/guspih/Perceptual-Autoencoders" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 10.DSGN: Deep Stereo Geometry Network for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03398.pdf)
>  Most state-of-the-art 3D object detectors heavily rely on LiDAR sensors and there remains a large gap in terms of performance between image-based and LiDAR-based methods, caused by inappropriate representation for the prediction in 3D scenarios. Our method, called Deep Stereo Geometry Network (DSGN), reduces this gap significantly by detecting 3D objects on a differentiable volumetric representation -- 3D geometric volume, which effectively encodes 3D geometric structure for 3D regular space. With this representation, we learn depth information and semantic cues simultaneously. For the first time, we provide a simple and effective one-stage stereo-based 3D detection pipeline that jointly estimates the depth and detects 3D objects in an end-to-end learning manner. Our approach outperforms previous stereo-based 3D detectors (about 10 higher in terms of AP) and even achieves comparable performance with a few LiDAR-based methods on the KITTI 3D object detection leaderboard. Code will be made publicly available. 
### 11.Seismic horizon detection with neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03390.pdf)
>  Over the last few years, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) were successfully adopted in numerous domains to solve various image-related tasks, ranging from simple classification to fine borders annotation. Tracking seismic horizons is no different, and there are a lot of papers proposing the usage of such models to avoid time-consuming hand-picking. Unfortunately, most of them are (i) either trained on synthetic data, which can't fully represent the complexity of subterranean structures, (ii) trained and tested on the same cube, or (iii) lack reproducibility and precise descriptions of the model-building process. With all that in mind, the main contribution of this paper is an open-sourced research of applying binary segmentation approach to the task of horizon detection on multiple real seismic cubes with a focus on inter-cube generalization of the predictive model. 
### 12.NWPU-Crowd: A Large-Scale Benchmark for Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03360.pdf)
>  In the last decade, crowd counting attracts much attention of researchers due to its wide-spread applications, including crowd monitoring, public safety, space design, etc. Many Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) are designed for tackling this task. However, currently released datasets are so small-scale that they can not meet the needs of the supervised CNN-based algorithms. To remedy this problem, we construct a large-scale congested crowd counting dataset, NWPU-Crowd, consisting of $5,109$ images, in a total of $2,133,238$ annotated heads. Compared with other real-world datasets, it contains various illumination scenes and has the largest density range ($0\!\sim\!20,033$). Besides, a benchmark website is developed for impartially evaluating the different methods, which allows researchers to submit the results of the test set. Based on the proposed dataset, we further describe the data characteristics, evaluate the performance of some mainstream state-of-the-art (SOTA) methods, and analyze the new problems that arise on the new data. What's more, NWPU-Crowd Dataset is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.crowdbenchmark.com/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>}, and the code is open-sourced at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gjy3035/NWPU-Crowd-Sample-Code" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>} 
### 13.RTM3D: Real-time Monocular 3D Detection from Object Keypoints for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03343.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose an efficient and accurate monocular 3D detection framework in single shot. Most successful 3D detectors take the projection constraint from the 3D bounding box to the 2D box as an important component. Four edges of a 2D box provide only four constraints and the performance deteriorates dramatically with the small error of the 2D detector. Different from these approaches, our method predicts the nine perspective keypoints of a 3D bounding box in image space, and then utilize the geometric relationship of 3D and 2D perspectives to recover the dimension, location, and orientation in 3D space. In this method, the properties of the object can be predicted stably even when the estimation of keypoints is very noisy, which enables us to obtain fast detection speed with a small architecture. Training our method only uses the 3D properties of the object without the need for external networks or supervision data. Our method is the first real-time system for monocular image 3D detection while achieves state-of-the-art performance on the KITTI benchmark. Code will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Banconxuan/RTM3D" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 14.Visual Question Answering on 360° Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03339.pdf)
>  In this work, we introduce VQA 360, a novel task of visual question answering on 360 images. Unlike a normal field-of-view image, a 360 image captures the entire visual content around the optical center of a camera, demanding more sophisticated spatial understanding and reasoning. To address this problem, we collect the first VQA 360 dataset, containing around 17,000 real-world image-question-answer triplets for a variety of question types. We then study two different VQA models on VQA 360, including one conventional model that takes an equirectangular image (with intrinsic distortion) as input and one dedicated model that first projects a 360 image onto cubemaps and subsequently aggregates the information from multiple spatial resolutions. We demonstrate that the cubemap-based model with multi-level fusion and attention diffusion performs favorably against other variants and the equirectangular-based models. Nevertheless, the gap between the humans' and machines' performance reveals the need for more advanced VQA 360 algorithms. We, therefore, expect our dataset and studies to serve as the benchmark for future development in this challenging task. Dataset, code, and pre-trained models are available online. 
### 15.Image Inpainting by Multiscale Spline Interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03270.pdf)
>  Recovering the missing regions of an image is a task that is called image inpainting. Depending on the shape of missing areas, different methods are presented in the literature. One of the challenges of this problem is extracting features that lead to better results. Experimental results show that both global and local features are useful for this purpose. In this paper, we propose a multi-scale image inpainting method that utilizes both local and global features. The first step of this method is to determine how many scales we need to use, which depends on the width of the lines in the map of the missing region. Then we apply adaptive image inpainting to the damaged areas of the image, and the lost pixels are predicted. Each scale is inpainted and the result is resized to the original size. Then a voting process produces the final result. The proposed method is tested on damaged images with scratches and creases. The metric that we use to evaluate our approach is PSNR. On average, we achieved 1.2 dB improvement over some existing inpainting approaches. 
### 16.A Deep Neural Networks Approach for Pixel-Level Runway Pavement Crack Segmentation Using Drone-Captured Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03257.pdf)
>  Pavement conditions are a critical aspect of asset management and directly affect safety. This study introduces a deep neural network method called U-Net for pavement crack segmentation based on drone-captured images to reduce the cost and time needed for airport runway inspection. The proposed approach can also be used for highway pavement conditions assessment during off-peak periods when there are few vehicles on the road. In this study, runway pavement images are collected using drone at various heights from the Fitchburg Municipal Airport (FMA) in Massachusetts to evaluate their quality and applicability for crack segmentation, from which an optimal height is determined. Drone images captured at the optimal height are then used to evaluate the crack segmentation performance of the U-Net model. Deep learning methods typically require a huge set of annotated training datasets for model development, which can be a major obstacle for their applications. An online annotated pavement image dataset is used together with the FMA data to train the U-Net model. The results show that U-Net performs well on the FMA testing data even with limited FMA training images, suggesting that it has good generalization ability and great potential to be used for both airport runways and highway pavements. 
### 17.RSL-Net: Localising in Satellite Images From a Radar on the Ground  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03233.pdf)
>  This paper is about localising a vehicle in an overhead image using FMCW radar mounted on a ground vehicle. FMCW radar offers extraordinary promise and efficacy for vehicle localisation. It is impervious to all weather types and lighting conditions. However the complexity of the interactions between millimetre radar wave and the physical environment makes it a challenging domain. Infrastructure-free large-scale radar-based localisation is in its infancy. Typically here a map is built and suitable techniques, compatible with the nature of sensor, are brought to bear. In this work we eschew the need for a radar-based map; instead we simply use an overhead image -- a resource readily available everywhere. This paper introduces a method that not only naturally deals with the complexity of the signal type but does so in the context of cross modal processing. 
### 18.MatrixNets: A New Scale and Aspect Ratio Aware Architecture for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03194.pdf)
>  We present MatrixNets (xNets), a new deep architecture for object detection. xNets map objects with similar sizes and aspect ratios into many specialized layers, allowing xNets to provide a scale and aspect ratio aware architecture. We leverage xNets to enhance single-stage object detection frameworks. First, we apply xNets on anchor-based object detection, for which we predict object centers and regress the top-left and bottom-right corners. Second, we use MatrixNets for corner-based object detection by predicting top-left and bottom-right corners. Each corner predicts the center location of the object. We also enhance corner-based detection by replacing the embedding layer with center regression. Our final architecture achieves mAP of 47.8 on MS COCO, which is higher than its CornerNet counterpart by +5.6 mAP while also closing the gap between single-stage and two-stage detectors. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/arashwan/matrixnet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 19.CrDoCo: Pixel-level Domain Transfer with Cross-Domain Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03182.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation algorithms aim to transfer the knowledge learned from one domain to another (e.g., synthetic to real images). The adapted representations often do not capture pixel-level domain shifts that are crucial for dense prediction tasks (e.g., semantic segmentation). In this paper, we present a novel pixel-wise adversarial domain adaptation algorithm. By leveraging image-to-image translation methods for data augmentation, our key insight is that while the translated images between domains may differ in styles, their predictions for the task should be consistent. We exploit this property and introduce a cross-domain consistency loss that enforces our adapted model to produce consistent predictions. Through extensive experimental results, we show that our method compares favorably against the state-of-the-art on a wide variety of unsupervised domain adaptation tasks. 
### 20.AutoDNNchip: An Automated DNN Chip Predictor and Builder for Both FPGAs and ASICs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03535.pdf)
>  Recent breakthroughs in Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have fueled a growing demand for DNN chips. However, designing DNN chips is non-trivial because: (1) mainstream DNNs have millions of parameters and operations; (2) the large design space due to the numerous design choices of dataflows, processing elements, memory hierarchy, etc.; and (3) an algorithm/hardware co-design is needed to allow the same DNN functionality to have a different decomposition, which would require different hardware IPs to meet the application specifications. Therefore, DNN chips take a long time to design and require cross-disciplinary experts. To enable fast and effective DNN chip design, we propose AutoDNNchip - a DNN chip generator that can automatically generate both FPGA- and ASIC-based DNN chip implementation given DNNs from machine learning frameworks (e.g., PyTorch) for a designated application and dataset. Specifically, AutoDNNchip consists of two integrated enablers: (1) a Chip Predictor, built on top of a graph-based accelerator representation, which can accurately and efficiently predict a DNN accelerator's energy, throughput, and area based on the DNN model parameters, hardware configuration, technology-based IPs, and platform constraints; and (2) a Chip Builder, which can automatically explore the design space of DNN chips (including IP selection, block configuration, resource balancing, etc.), optimize chip design via the Chip Predictor, and then generate optimized synthesizable RTL to achieve the target design metrics. Experimental results show that our Chip Predictor's predicted performance differs from real-measured ones by &lt; 10% when validated using 15 DNN models and 4 platforms (edge-FPGA/TPU/GPU and ASIC). Furthermore, accelerators generated by our AutoDNNchip can achieve better (up to 3.86X improvement) performance than that of expert-crafted state-of-the-art accelerators. 
### 21.microbatchGAN: Stimulating Diversity with Multi-Adversarial Discrimination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03376.pdf)
>  We propose to tackle the mode collapse problem in generative adversarial networks (GANs) by using multiple discriminators and assigning a different portion of each minibatch, called microbatch, to each discriminator. We gradually change each discriminator's task from distinguishing between real and fake samples to discriminating samples coming from inside or outside its assigned microbatch by using a diversity parameter $\alpha$. The generator is then forced to promote variety in each minibatch to make the microbatch discrimination harder to achieve by each discriminator. Thus, all models in our framework benefit from having variety in the generated set to reduce their respective losses. We show evidence that our solution promotes sample diversity since early training stages on multiple datasets. 
### 22.Temporally Folded Convolutional Neural Networks for Sequence Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03340.pdf)
>  In this work we propose a novel approach to utilize convolutional neural networks for time series forecasting. The time direction of the sequential data with spatial dimensions $D=1,2$ is considered democratically as the input of a spatiotemporal $(D+1)$-dimensional convolutional neural network. Latter then reduces the data stream from $D +1 \to D$ dimensions followed by an incriminator cell which uses this information to forecast the subsequent time step. We empirically compare this strategy to convolutional LSTM's and LSTM's on their performance on the sequential MNIST and the JSB chorals dataset, respectively. We conclude that temporally folded convolutional neural networks (TFC's) may outperform the conventional recurrent strategies. 
### 23.Convolutional Neural Networks based Focal Loss for Class Imbalance Problem: A Case Study of Canine Red Blood Cells Morphology Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03329.pdf)
>  Morphologies of red blood cells are normally interpreted by a pathologist. It is time-consuming and laborious. Furthermore, a misclassified red blood cell morphology will lead to false disease diagnosis and improper treatment. Thus, a decent pathologist must truly be an expert in classifying red blood cell morphology. In the past decade, many approaches have been proposed for classifying human red blood cell morphology. However, those approaches have not addressed the class imbalance problem in classification. A class imbalance problem---a problem where the numbers of samples in classes are very different---is one of the problems that can lead to a biased model towards the majority class. Due to the rarity of every type of abnormal blood cell morphology, the data from the collection process are usually imbalanced. In this study, we aimed to solve this problem specifically for classification of dog red blood cell morphology by using a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)---a well-known deep learning technique---in conjunction with a focal loss function, adept at handling class imbalance problem. The proposed technique was conducted on a well-designed framework: two different CNNs were used to verify the effectiveness of the focal loss function and the optimal hyper-parameters were determined by 5-fold cross-validation. The experimental results show that both CNNs models augmented with the focal loss function achieved higher $F_{1}$-scores, compared to the models augmented with a conventional cross-entropy loss function that does not address class imbalance problem. In other words, the focal loss function truly enabled the CNNs models to be less biased towards the majority class than the cross-entropy did in the classification task of imbalanced dog red blood cell data. 
### 24.Diagnosing Colorectal Polyps in the Wild with Capsule Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03305.pdf)
>  Colorectal cancer, largely arising from precursor lesions called polyps, remains one of the leading causes of cancer-related death worldwide. Current clinical standards require the resection and histopathological analysis of polyps due to test accuracy and sensitivity of optical biopsy methods falling substantially below recommended levels. In this study, we design a novel capsule network architecture (D-Caps) to improve the viability of optical biopsy of colorectal polyps. Our proposed method introduces several technical novelties including a novel capsule architecture with a capsule-average pooling (CAP) method to improve efficiency in large-scale image classification. We demonstrate improved results over the previous state-of-the-art convolutional neural network (CNN) approach by as much as 43%. This work provides an important benchmark on the new Mayo Polyp dataset, a significantly more challenging and larger dataset than previous polyp studies, with results stratified across all available categories, imaging devices and modalities, and focus modes to promote future direction into AI-driven colorectal cancer screening systems. Code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lalonderodney/D-Caps" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . 
### 25.Efficient Memory Management for Deep Neural Net Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03288.pdf)
>  While deep neural net inference was considered a task for servers only, latest advances in technology allow the task of inference to be moved to mobile and embedded devices, desired for various reasons ranging from latency to privacy. These devices are not only limited by their compute power and battery, but also by their inferior physical memory and cache, and thus, an efficient memory manager becomes a crucial component for deep neural net inference at the edge. In this paper, we explore various strategies to smartly share memory buffers among intermediate tensors in deep neural networks. Employing these can result in up to 10.5x smaller memory footprint than running inference without one and up to 11% smaller memory consumption than the state of the art. 
### 26.Adaptive Control of Embedding Strength in Image Watermarking using Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03251.pdf)
>  Digital image watermarking has been widely used in different applications such as copyright protection of digital media, such as audio, image, and video files. Two opposing criteria of robustness and transparency are the goals of watermarking methods. In this paper, we propose a framework for determining the appropriate embedding strength factor. The framework can use most DWT and DCT based blind watermarking approaches. We use Mask R-CNN on the COCO dataset to find a good strength factor for each sub-block. Experiments show that this method is robust against different attacks and has good transparency. 
### 27.Camera-Based Adaptive Trajectory Guidance via Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03205.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a novel method to capture visual trajectories for navigating an indoor robot in dynamic settings using streaming image data. First, an image processing pipeline is proposed to accurately segment trajectories from noisy backgrounds. Next, the captured trajectories are used to design, train, and compare two neural network architectures for predicting acceleration and steering commands for a line following robot over a continuous space in real time. Lastly, experimental results demonstrate the performance of the neural networks versus human teleoperation of the robot and the viability of the system in environments with occlusions and/or low-light conditions. 
### 28.Vertebra-Focused Landmark Detection for Scoliosis Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.03187.pdf)
>  Adolescent idiopathic scoliosis (AIS) is a lifetime disease that arises in children. Accurate estimation of Cobb angles of the scoliosis is essential for clinicians to make diagnosis and treatment decisions. The Cobb angles are measured according to the vertebrae landmarks. Existing regression-based methods for the vertebra landmark detection typically suffer from large dense mapping parameters and inaccurate landmark localization. The segmentation-based methods tend to predict connected or corrupted vertebra masks. In this paper, we propose a novel vertebra-focused landmark detection method. Our model first localizes the vertebra centers, based on which it then traces the four corner landmarks of the vertebra through the learned corner offset. In this way, our method is able to keep the order of the landmarks. The comparison results demonstrate the merits of our method in both Cobb angle measurement and landmark detection on low-contrast and ambiguous X-ray images. Code is available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yijingru/Vertebra-Landmark-Detection" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
