# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 15 Jan 2020
### 1.ImagineNet: Restyling Apps Using Neural Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04932.pdf)
>  This paper presents ImagineNet, a tool that uses a novel neural style transfer model to enable end-users and app developers to restyle GUIs using an image of their choice. Former neural style transfer techniques are inadequate for this application because they produce GUIs that are illegible and hence nonfunctional. We propose a neural solution by adding a new loss term to the original formulation, which minimizes the squared error in the uncentered cross-covariance of features from different levels in a CNN between the style and output images. ImagineNet retains the details of GUIs, while transferring the colors and textures of the art. We presented GUIs restyled with ImagineNet as well as other style transfer techniques to 50 evaluators and all preferred those of ImagineNet. We show how ImagineNet can be used to restyle (1) the graphical assets of an app, (2) an app with user-supplied content, and (3) an app with dynamically generated GUIs. 
### 2.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation in Person re-ID via k-Reciprocal Clustering and Large-Scale Heterogeneous Environment Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04928.pdf)
>  An ongoing major challenge in computer vision is the task of person re-identification, where the goal is to match individuals across different, non-overlapping camera views. While recent success has been achieved via supervised learning using deep neural networks, such methods have limited widespread adoption due to the need for large-scale, customized data annotation. As such, there has been a recent focus on unsupervised learning approaches to mitigate the data annotation issue; however, current approaches in literature have limited performance compared to supervised learning approaches as well as limited applicability for adoption in new environments. In this paper, we address the aforementioned challenges faced in person re-identification for real-world, practical scenarios by introducing a novel, unsupervised domain adaptation approach for person re-identification. This is accomplished through the introduction of: i) k-reciprocal tracklet Clustering for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (ktCUDA) (for pseudo-label generation on target domain), and ii) Synthesized Heterogeneous RE-id Domain (SHRED) composed of large-scale heterogeneous independent source environments (for improving robustness and adaptability to a wide diversity of target environments). Experimental results across four different image and video benchmark datasets show that the proposed ktCUDA and SHRED approach achieves an average improvement of +5.7 mAP in re-identification performance when compared to existing state-of-the-art methods, as well as demonstrate better adaptability to different types of environments. 
### 3.Convolutional Mean: A Simple Convolutional Neural Network for Illuminant Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04911.pdf)
>  We present Convolutional Mean (CM) - a simple and fast convolutional neural network for illuminant estimation. Our proposed method only requires a small neural network model (1.1K parameters) and a 48 x 32 thumbnail input image. Our unoptimized Python implementation takes 1 ms/image, which is arguably 3-3750x faster than the current leading solutions with similar accuracy. Using two public datasets, we show that our proposed light-weight method offers accuracy comparable to the current leading methods' (which consist of thousands/millions of parameters) across several measures. 
### 4.Improving Semantic Analysis on Point Clouds via Auxiliary Supervision of Local Geometric Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04803.pdf)
>  Existing deep learning algorithms for point cloud analysis mainly concern discovering semantic patterns from global configuration of local geometries in a supervised learning manner. However, very few explore geometric properties revealing local surface manifolds embedded in 3D Euclidean space to discriminate semantic classes or object parts as additional supervision signals. This paper is the first attempt to propose a unique multi-task geometric learning network to improve semantic analysis by auxiliary geometric learning with local shape properties, which can be either generated via physical computation from point clouds themselves as self-supervision signals or provided as privileged information. Owing to explicitly encoding local shape manifolds in favor of semantic analysis, the proposed geometric self-supervised and privileged learning algorithms can achieve superior performance to their backbone baselines and other state-of-the-art methods, which are verified in the experiments on the popular benchmarks. 
### 5.Neural Architecture Search for Deep Image Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04776.pdf)
>  We present a neural architecture search (NAS) technique to enhance the performance of unsupervised image de-noising, in-painting and super-resolution under the recently proposed Deep Image Prior (DIP). We show that evolutionary search can automatically optimize the encoder-decoder (E-D) structure and meta-parameters of the DIP network, which serves as a content-specific prior to regularize these single image restoration tasks. Our binary representation encodes the design space for an asymmetric E-D network that typically converges to yield a content-specific DIP within 10-20 generations using a population size of 500. The optimized architectures consistently improve upon the visual quality of classical DIP for a diverse range of photographic and artistic content. 
### 6.Learned Multi-View Texture Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04775.pdf)
>  We present a super-resolution method capable of creating a high-resolution texture map for a virtual 3D object from a set of lower-resolution images of that object. Our architecture unifies the concepts of (i) multi-view super-resolution based on the redundancy of overlapping views and (ii) single-view super-resolution based on a learned prior of high-resolution (HR) image structure. The principle of multi-view super-resolution is to invert the image formation process and recover the latent HR texture from multiple lower-resolution projections. We map that inverse problem into a block of suitably designed neural network layers, and combine it with a standard encoder-decoder network for learned single-image super-resolution. Wiring the image formation model into the network avoids having to learn perspective mapping from textures to images, and elegantly handles a varying number of input views. Experiments demonstrate that the combination of multi-view observations and learned prior yields improved texture maps. 
### 7.Deep Audio-Visual Learning: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04758.pdf)
>  Audio-visual learning, aimed at exploiting the relationship between audio and visual modalities, has drawn considerable attention since deep learning started to be used successfully. Researchers tend to leverage these two modalities either to improve the performance of previously considered single-modality tasks or to address new challenging problems. In this paper, we provide a comprehensive survey of recent audio-visual learning development. We divide the current audio-visual learning tasks into four different subfields: audio-visual separation and localization, audio-visual correspondence learning, audio-visual generation, and audio-visual representation learning. State-of-the-art methods as well as the remaining challenges of each subfield are further discussed. Finally, we summarize the commonly used datasets and performance metrics. 
### 8.Deep Image Compression using Decoder Side Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04753.pdf)
>  We present a Deep Image Compression neural network that relies on side information, which is only available to the decoder. We base our algorithm on the assumption that the image available to the encoder and the image available to the decoder are correlated, and we let the network learn these correlations in the training phase. <br>Then, at run time, the encoder side encodes the input image without knowing anything about the decoder side image and sends it to the decoder. The decoder then uses the encoded input image and the side information image to reconstruct the original image. <br>This problem is known as Distributed Source Coding in Information Theory, and we discuss several use cases for this technology. We compare our algorithm to several image compression algorithms and show that adding decoder-only side information does indeed improve results. Our code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ayziksha/DSIN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 9.NODIS: Neural Ordinary Differential Scene Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04735.pdf)
>  Semantic image understanding is a challenging topic in computer vision. It requires to detect all objects in an image, but also to identify all the relations between them. Detected objects, their labels and the discovered relations can be used to construct a scene graph which provides an abstract semantic interpretation of an image. In previous works, relations were identified by solving an assignment problem formulated as Mixed-Integer Linear Programs. In this work, we interpret that formulation as Ordinary Differential Equation (ODE). The proposed architecture performs scene graph inference by solving a neural variant of an ODE by end-to-end learning. It achieves state-of-the-art results on all three benchmark tasks: scene graph generation (SGGen), classification (SGCls) and visual relationship detection (PredCls) on Visual Genome benchmark. 
### 10.Fine-grained Image Classification and Retrieval by Combining Visual and Locally Pooled Textual Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04732.pdf)
>  Text contained in an image carries high-level semantics that can be exploited to achieve richer image understanding. In particular, the mere presence of text provides strong guiding content that should be employed to tackle a diversity of computer vision tasks such as image retrieval, fine-grained classification, and visual question answering. In this paper, we address the problem of fine-grained classification and image retrieval by leveraging textual information along with visual cues to comprehend the existing intrinsic relation between the two modalities. The novelty of the proposed model consists of the usage of a PHOC descriptor to construct a bag of textual words along with a Fisher Vector Encoding that captures the morphology of text. This approach provides a stronger multimodal representation for this task and as our experiments demonstrate, it achieves state-of-the-art results on two different tasks, fine-grained classification and image retrieval. 
### 11.Real-Time Lane ID Estimation Using Recurrent Neural Networks With Dual Convention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04708.pdf)
>  Acquiring information about the road lane structure is a crucial step for autonomous navigation. To this end, several approaches tackle this task from different perspectives such as lane marking detection or semantic lane segmentation. However, to the best of our knowledge, there is yet no purely vision based end-to-end solution to answer the precise question: How to estimate the relative number or "ID" of the current driven lane within a multi-lane road or a highway? In this work, we propose a real-time, vision-only (i.e. monocular camera) solution to the problem based on a dual left-right convention. We interpret this task as a classification problem by limiting the maximum number of lane candidates to eight. Our approach is designed to meet low-complexity specifications and limited runtime requirements. It harnesses the temporal dimension inherent to the input sequences to improve upon high-complexity state-of-the-art models. We achieve more than 95% accuracy on a challenging test set with extreme conditions and different routes. 
### 12.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Mobile Semantic Segmentation based on Cycle Consistency and Feature Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04692.pdf)
>  The supervised training of deep networks for semantic segmentation requires a huge amount of labeled real world data. To solve this issue, a commonly exploited workaround is to use synthetic data for training, but deep networks show a critical performance drop when analyzing data with slightly different statistical properties with respect to the training set. In this work, we propose a novel Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) strategy to address the domain shift issue between real world and synthetic representations. An adversarial model, based on the cycle consistency framework, performs the mapping between the synthetic and real domain. The data is then fed to a MobileNet-v2 architecture that performs the semantic segmentation task. An additional couple of discriminators, working at the feature level of the MobileNet-v2, allows to better align the features of the two domain distributions and to further improve the performance. Finally, the consistency of the semantic maps is exploited. After an initial supervised training on synthetic data, the whole UDA architecture is trained end-to-end considering all its components at once. Experimental results show how the proposed strategy is able to obtain impressive performance in adapting a segmentation network trained on synthetic data to real world scenarios. The usage of the lightweight MobileNet-v2 architecture allows its deployment on devices with limited computational resources as the ones employed in autonomous vehicles. 
### 13.Face Attribute Invertion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04665.pdf)
>  Manipulating human facial images between two domains is an important and interesting problem. Most of the existing methods address this issue by applying two generators or one generator with extra conditional inputs. In this paper, we proposed a novel self-perception method based on GANs for automatical face attribute inverse. The proposed method takes face images as inputs and employs only one single generator without being conditioned on other inputs. Profiting from the multi-loss strategy and modified U-net structure, our model is quite stable in training and capable of preserving finer details of the original face images. 
### 14.Structured Consistency Loss for semi-supervised semantic segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04647.pdf)
>  The consistency loss has played a key role in solving problems in recent studies on semi-supervised learning. Yet extant studies with the consistency loss are limited to its application to classification tasks; extant studies on semi-supervised semantic segmentation rely on pixel-wise classification, which does not reflect the structured nature of characteristics in prediction. We propose a structured consistency loss to address this limitation of extant studies. Structured consistency loss promotes consistency in inter-pixel similarity between teacher and student networks. Specifically, collaboration with CutMix optimizes the efficient performance of semi-supervised semantic segmentation with structured consistency loss by reducing computational burden dramatically. The superiority of proposed method is verified with the Cityscapes; The Cityscapes benchmark results with validation and with test data are 81.9 mIoU and 83.84 mIoU respectively. This ranks the first place on the pixel-level semantic labeling task of Cityscapes benchmark suite. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to present the superiority of state-of-the-art semi-supervised learning in semantic segmentation. 
### 15.Seeing the World in a Bag of Chips  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04642.pdf)
>  We address the dual problems of novel view synthesis and environment reconstruction from hand-held RGBD sensors. Our contributions include 1) modeling highly specular objects, 2) modeling inter-reflections and Fresnel effects, and 3) enabling surface light field reconstruction with the same input needed to reconstruct shape alone. In cases where scene surface has a strong mirror-like material component, we generate highly detailed environment images, revealing room composition, objects, people, buildings, and trees visible through windows. Our approach yields state of the art view synthesis techniques, operates on low dynamic range imagery, and is robust to geometric and calibration errors. 
### 16.Hallucinating Statistical Moment and Subspace Descriptors from Object and Saliency Detectors for Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04627.pdf)
>  In this paper, we build on a deep translational action recognition network which takes RGB frames as input to learn to predict both action concepts and auxiliary supervisory feature descriptors e.g., Optical Flow Features and/or Improved Dense Trajectory descriptors. The translation is performed by so-called hallucination streams trained to predict auxiliary cues which are simultaneously fed into classification layers, and then hallucinated for free at the testing stage to boost recognition. <br>In this paper, we design and hallucinate two descriptors, one leveraging four popular object detectors applied to training videos, and the other leveraging image- and video-level saliency detectors. The first descriptor encodes the detector- and ImageNet-wise class prediction scores, confidence scores, and spatial locations of bounding boxes and frame indexes to capture the spatio-temporal distribution of features per video. Another descriptor encodes spatio-angular gradient distributions of saliency maps and intensity patterns. <br>Inspired by the characteristic function of the probability distribution, we capture four statistical moments on the above intermediate descriptors. As numbers of coefficients in the mean, covariance, coskewness and cokurtotsis grow linearly, quadratically, cubically and quartically w.r.t. the dimension of feature vectors, we describe the covariance matrix by its leading n' eigenvectors (so-called subspace) and we capture skewness/kurtosis rather than costly coskewness/cokurtosis. We obtain state of the art on three popular datasets. 
### 17.Cross-dataset Training for Class Increasing Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04621.pdf)
>  We present a conceptually simple, flexible and general framework for cross-dataset training in object detection. Given two or more already labeled datasets that target for different object classes, cross-dataset training aims to detect the union of the different classes, so that we do not have to label all the classes for all the datasets. By cross-dataset training, existing datasets can be utilized to detect the merged object classes with a single model. Further more, in industrial applications, the object classes usually increase on demand. So when adding new classes, it is quite time-consuming if we label the new classes on all the existing datasets. While using cross-dataset training, we only need to label the new classes on the new dataset. We experiment on PASCAL VOC, COCO, WIDER FACE and WIDER Pedestrian with both solo and cross-dataset settings. Results show that our cross-dataset pipeline can achieve similar impressive performance simultaneously on these datasets compared with training independently. 
### 18.Spatial-Spectral Residual Network for Hyperspectral Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04609.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based hyperspectral image super-resolution (SR) methods have achieved great success recently. However, most existing models can not effectively explore spatial information and spectral information between bands simultaneously, obtaining relatively low performance. To address this issue, in this paper, we propose a novel spectral-spatial residual network for hyperspectral image super-resolution (SSRNet). Our method can effectively explore spatial-spectral information by using 3D convolution instead of 2D convolution, which enables the network to better extract potential information. Furthermore, we design a spectral-spatial residual module (SSRM) to adaptively learn more effective features from all the hierarchical features in units through local feature fusion, significantly improving the performance of the algorithm. In each unit, we employ spatial and temporal separable 3D convolution to extract spatial and spectral information, which not only reduces unaffordable memory usage and high computational cost, but also makes the network easier to train. Extensive evaluations and comparisons on three benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed approach achieves superior performance in comparison to existing state-of-the-art methods. 
### 19.Actions as Moving Points  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04608.pdf)
>  The existing action tubelet detectors mainly depend on heuristic anchor box design and placement, which might be computationally expensive and sub-optimal for precise localization of action instances. In this paper, we present a new action tubelet detection framework, termed as MovingCenter Detector (MOC-detector), by treating an action instance as a trajectory of moving points. Based on the analysis that movement information could simplify and assist the action tubelet detection, our MOC-detector is decomposed into three crucial head branches: (1) Center Branch for instance center detection and action recognition, (2) Movement Branch for movement estimation at adjacent frames to form moving point trajectories, (3) Box Branch for spatial extent detection by directly regressing bounding box size at the estimated center point of each frame. These three branches work together to generate the tubelet detection results, that could be further linked to yield video level tubes with a common matching strategy. Our MOC-detector outperforms the existing state-of-the-art methods by a large margin under the same setting for frame-mAP and video-mAP on the JHMDB and UCF101-24 datasets. The performance gap is more evident for higher video IoU, demonstrating that our MOC-detector is particularly useful for more precise action detection. 
### 20.EGO-TOPO: Environment Affordances from Egocentric Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04583.pdf)
>  First-person video naturally brings the use of a physical environment to the forefront, since it shows the camera wearer interacting fluidly in a space based on his intentions. However, current methods largely separate the observed actions from the persistent space itself. We introduce a model for environment affordances that is learned directly from egocentric video. The main idea is to gain a human-centric model of a physical space (such as a kitchen) that captures (1) the primary spatial zones of interaction and (2) the likely activities they support. Our approach decomposes a space into a topological map derived from first-person activity, organizing an ego-video into a series of visits to the different zones. Further, we show how to link zones across multiple related environments (e.g., from videos of multiple kitchens) to obtain a consolidated representation of environment functionality. On EPIC-Kitchens and EGTEA+, we demonstrate our approach for learning scene affordances and anticipating future actions in long-form video. 
### 21.180-degree Outpainting from a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04568.pdf)
>  Presenting context images to a viewer's peripheral vision is one of the most effective techniques to enhance immersive visual experiences. However, most images only present a narrow view, since the field-of-view (FoV) of standard cameras is small. To overcome this limitation, we propose a deep learning approach that learns to predict a 180째 panoramic image from a narrow-view image. Specifically, we design a foveated framework that applies different strategies on near-periphery and mid-periphery regions. Two networks are trained separately, and then are employed jointly to sequentially perform narrow-to-90째 generation and 90째-to-180째 generation. The generated outputs are then fused with their aligned inputs to produce expanded equirectangular images for viewing. Our experimental results show that single-view-to-panoramic image generation using deep learning is both feasible and promising. 
### 22.Boosting Deep Face Recognition via Disentangling Appearance and Geometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04559.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a framework for disentangling the appearance and geometry representations in the face recognition task. To provide supervision for this aim, we generate geometrically identical faces by incorporating spatial transformations. We demonstrate that the proposed approach enhances the performance of deep face recognition models by assisting the training process in two ways. First, it enforces the early and intermediate convolutional layers to learn more representative features that satisfy the properties of disentangled embeddings. Second, it augments the training set by altering faces geometrically. Through extensive experiments, we demonstrate that integrating the proposed approach into state-of-the-art face recognition methods effectively improves their performance on challenging datasets, such as LFW, YTF, and MegaFace. Both theoretical and practical aspects of the method are analyzed rigorously by concerning ablation studies and knowledge transfer tasks. Furthermore, we show that the knowledge leaned by the proposed method can favor other face-related tasks, such as attribute prediction. 
### 23.Deep Learning Stereo Vision at the edge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04552.pdf)
>  We present an overview of the methodology used to build a new stereo vision solution that is suitable for System on Chip. This new solution was developed to bring computer vision capability to embedded devices that live in a power constrained environment. The solution is constructured as a hybrid between classical Stereo Vision techniques and deep learning approaches. The stereoscopic module is composed of two separate modules: one that accelerates the neural network we trained and one that accelerates the front-end part. The system is completely passive and does not require any structured light to obtain very compelling accuracy. With respect to the previous Stereo Vision solutions offered by the industries we offer a major improvement is robustness to noise. This is mainly possible due to the deep learning part of the chosen architecture. We submitted our result to Middlebury dataset challenge. It currently ranks as the best System on Chip solution. The system has been developed for low latency applications which require better than real time performance on high definition videos. 
### 24.Learning Transformation-Aware Embeddings for Image Forensics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04547.pdf)
>  A dramatic rise in the flow of manipulated image content on the Internet has led to an aggressive response from the media forensics research community. New efforts have incorporated increased usage of techniques from computer vision and machine learning to detect and profile the space of image manipulations. This paper addresses Image Provenance Analysis, which aims at discovering relationships among different manipulated image versions that share content. One of the main sub-problems for provenance analysis that has not yet been addressed directly is the edit ordering of images that share full content or are near-duplicates. The existing large networks that generate image descriptors for tasks such as object recognition may not encode the subtle differences between these image covariates. This paper introduces a novel deep learning-based approach to provide a plausible ordering to images that have been generated from a single image through transformations. Our approach learns transformation-aware descriptors using weak supervision via composited transformations and a rank-based quadruplet loss. To establish the efficacy of the proposed approach, comparisons with state-of-the-art handcrafted and deep learning-based descriptors, and image matching approaches are made. Further experimentation validates the proposed approach in the context of image provenance analysis. 
### 25.Visual Storytelling via Predicting Anchor Word Embeddings in the Stories  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04541.pdf)
>  We propose a learning model for the task of visual storytelling. The main idea is to predict anchor word embeddings from the images and use the embeddings and the image features jointly to generate narrative sentences. We use the embeddings of randomly sampled nouns from the groundtruth stories as the target anchor word embeddings to learn the predictor. To narrate a sequence of images, we use the predicted anchor word embeddings and the image features as the joint input to a seq2seq model. As opposed to state-of-the-art methods, the proposed model is simple in design, easy to optimize, and attains the best results in most automatic evaluation metrics. In human evaluation, the method also outperforms competing methods. 
### 26.Rethinking Curriculum Learning with Incremental Labels and Adaptive Compensation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04529.pdf)
>  Like humans, deep networks learn better when samples are organized and introduced in a meaningful order or curriculum (Weinshall et al., 2018). While con-ventional approaches to curriculum learning emphasize the difficulty of samples as the core incremental strategy, it forces networks to learn from small subsets of data while introducing pre-computation overheads. In this work, we propose Learning with Incremental Labels and Adaptive Compensation(LILAC), which takes a novel approach to curriculum learning. LILAC emphasizes incrementally learning labels instead of incrementally learning difficult samples. It works in two distinct phases: first, in the incremental label introduction phase, we recursively reveal ground-truth labels in small installments while using a fake label for the remaining data. In the adaptive compensation phase, we compensate for failed predictions by adaptively altering the target vector to a smoother distribution. We evaluate LILAC against the closest comparable methods in batch and curriculum learning and label smoothing, across three standard image benchmarks, CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and STL-10. We show that our method outperforms batch learning with higher mean recognition accuracy as well as lower standard deviation in performance consistently across all benchmarks. We further extend LILAC to show the highest performance on CIFAR-10 for methods using simple data augmentation while exhibiting label-order invariance among other properties. 
### 27.Neural Human Video Rendering: Joint Learning of Dynamic Textures and Rendering-to-Video Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04947.pdf)
>  Synthesizing realistic videos of humans using neural networks has been a popular alternative to the conventional graphics-based rendering pipeline due to its high efficiency. Existing works typically formulate this as an image-to-image translation problem in 2D screen space, which leads to artifacts such as over-smoothing, missing body parts, and temporal instability of fine-scale detail, such as pose-dependent wrinkles in the clothing. In this paper, we propose a novel human video synthesis method that approaches these limiting factors by explicitly disentangling the learning of time-coherent fine-scale details from the embedding of the human in 2D screen space. More specifically, our method relies on the combination of two convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Given the pose information, the first CNN predicts a dynamic texture map that contains time-coherent high-frequency details, and the second CNN conditions the generation of the final video on the temporally coherent output of the first CNN. We demonstrate several applications of our approach, such as human reenactment and novel view synthesis from monocular video, where we show significant improvement over the state of the art both qualitatively and quantitatively. 
### 28.SimEx: Express Prediction of Inter-dataset Similarity by a Fleet of Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04893.pdf)
>  Knowing the similarity between sets of data has a number of positive implications in training an effective model, such as assisting an informed selection out of known datasets favorable to model transfer or data augmentation problems with an unknown dataset. Common practices to estimate the similarity between data include comparing in the original sample space, comparing in the embedding space from a model performing a certain task, or fine-tuning a pretrained model with different datasets and evaluating the performance changes therefrom. However, these practices would suffer from shallow comparisons, task-specific biases, or extensive time and computations required to perform comparisons. We present SimEx, a new method for early prediction of inter-dataset similarity using a set of pretrained autoencoders each of which is dedicated to reconstructing a specific part of known data. Specifically, our method takes unknown data samples as input to those pretrained autoencoders, and evaluate the difference between the reconstructed output samples against their original input samples. Our intuition is that, the more similarity exists between the unknown data samples and the part of known data that an autoencoder was trained with, the better chances there could be that this autoencoder makes use of its trained knowledge, reconstructing output samples closer to the originals. We demonstrate that our method achieves more than 10x speed-up in predicting inter-dataset similarity compared to common similarity-estimating practices. We also demonstrate that the inter-dataset similarity estimated by our method is well-correlated with common practices and outperforms the baselines approaches of comparing at sample- or embedding-spaces, without newly training anything at the comparison time. 
### 29.Knowledge Representations in Technical Systems -- A Taxonomy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04835.pdf)
>  The recent usage of technical systems in human-centric environments leads to the question, how to teach technical systems, e.g., robots, to understand, learn, and perform tasks desired by the human. Therefore, an accurate representation of knowledge is essential for the system to work as expected. This article mainly gives insight into different knowledge representation techniques and their categorization into various problem domains in artificial intelligence. Additionally, applications of presented knowledge representations are introduced in everyday robotics tasks. By means of the provided taxonomy, the search for a proper knowledge representation technique regarding a specific problem should be facilitated. 
### 30.Towards detection and classification of microscopic foraminifera using transfer learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04782.pdf)
>  Foraminifera are single-celled marine organisms, which may have a planktic or benthic lifestyle. During their life cycle they construct shells consisting of one or more chambers, and these shells remain as fossils in marine sediments. Classifying and counting these fossils have become an important tool in e.g. oceanography and climatology. Currently the process of identifying and counting microfossils is performed manually using a microscope and is very time consuming. Developing methods to automate this process is therefore considered important across a range of research fields. The first steps towards developing a deep learning model that can detect and classify microscopic foraminifera are proposed. The proposed model is based on a VGG16 model that has been pretrained on the ImageNet dataset, and adapted to the foraminifera task using transfer learning. Additionally, a novel image dataset consisting of microscopic foraminifera and sediments from the Barents Sea region is introduced. 
### 31.Edge Preserving CNN SAR Despeckling Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04716.pdf)
>  SAR despeckling is a key tool for Earth Observation. Interpretation of SAR images are impaired by speckle, a multiplicative noise related to interference of backscattering from the illuminated scene towards the sensor. Reducing the noise is a crucial task for the understanding of the scene. Based on the results of our previous solution KL-DNN, in this work we define a new cost function for training a convolutional neural network for despeckling. The aim is to control the edge preservation and to better filter manmade structures and urban areas that are very challenging for KL-DNN. The results show a very good improvement on the not homogeneous areas keeping the good results in the homogeneous ones. Result on both simulated and real data are shown in the paper. 
### 32.Effects of annotation granularity in deep learning models for histopathological images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04663.pdf)
>  Pathological is crucial to cancer diagnosis. Usually, Pathologists draw their conclusion based on observed cell and tissue structure on histology slides. Rapid development in machine learning, especially deep learning have established robust and accurate classifiers. They are being used to analyze histopathological slides and assist pathologists in diagnosis. Most machine learning systems rely heavily on annotated data sets to gain experiences and knowledge to correctly and accurately perform various tasks such as classification and segmentation. This work investigates different granularity of annotations in histopathological data set including image-wise, bounding box, ellipse-wise, and pixel-wise to verify the influence of annotation in pathological slide on deep learning models. We design corresponding experiments to test classification and segmentation performance of deep learning models based on annotations with different annotation granularity. In classification, state-of-the-art deep learning-based classifiers perform better when trained by pixel-wise annotation dataset. On average, precision, recall and F1-score improves by 7.87%, 8.83% and 7.85% respectively. Thus, it is suggested that finer granularity annotations are better utilized by deep learning algorithms in classification tasks. Similarly, semantic segmentation algorithms can achieve 8.33% better segmentation accuracy when trained by pixel-wise annotations. Our study shows not only that finer-grained annotation can improve the performance of deep learning models, but also help extracts more accurate phenotypic information from histopathological slides. Intelligence systems trained on granular annotations may help pathologists inspecting certain regions for better diagnosis. The compartmentalized prediction approach similar to this work may contribute to phenotype and genotype association studies. 
### 33.Asymmetric Correlation Quantization Hashing for Cross-modal Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04625.pdf)
>  Due to the superiority in similarity computation and database storage for large-scale multiple modalities data, cross-modal hashing methods have attracted extensive attention in similarity retrieval across the heterogeneous modalities. However, there are still some limitations to be further taken into account: (1) most current CMH methods transform real-valued data points into discrete compact binary codes under the binary constraints, limiting the capability of representation for original data on account of abundant loss of information and producing suboptimal hash codes; (2) the discrete binary constraint learning model is hard to solve, where the retrieval performance may greatly reduce by relaxing the binary constraints for large quantization error; (3) handling the learning problem of CMH in a symmetric framework, leading to difficult and complex optimization objective. To address above challenges, in this paper, a novel Asymmetric Correlation Quantization Hashing (ACQH) method is proposed. Specifically, ACQH learns the projection matrixs of heterogeneous modalities data points for transforming query into a low-dimensional real-valued vector in latent semantic space and constructs the stacked compositional quantization embedding in a coarse-to-fine manner for indicating database points by a series of learnt real-valued codeword in the codebook with the help of pointwise label information regression simultaneously. Besides, the unified hash codes across modalities can be directly obtained by the discrete iterative optimization framework devised in the paper. Comprehensive experiments on diverse three benchmark datasets have shown the effectiveness and rationality of ACQH. 
### 34.Distortion Agnostic Deep Watermarking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04580.pdf)
>  Watermarking is the process of embedding information into an image that can survive under distortions, while requiring the encoded image to have little or no perceptual difference from the original image. Recently, deep learning-based methods achieved impressive results in both visual quality and message payload under a wide variety of image distortions. However, these methods all require differentiable models for the image distortions at training time, and may generalize poorly to unknown distortions. This is undesirable since the types of distortions applied to watermarked images are usually unknown and non-differentiable. In this paper, we propose a new framework for distortion-agnostic watermarking, where the image distortion is not explicitly modeled during training. Instead, the robustness of our system comes from two sources: adversarial training and channel coding. Compared to training on a fixed set of distortions and noise levels, our method achieves comparable or better results on distortions available during training, and better performance on unknown distortions. 
### 35.Efficient convolutional neural networks for multi-planar lung nodule detection: improvement on small nodule identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.04537.pdf)
>  We propose a multi-planar pulmonary nodule detection system using convolutional neural networks. The 2-D convolutional neural network model, U-net++, was trained by axial, coronal, and sagittal slices for the candidate detection task. All possible nodule candidates from the three different planes are combined. For false positive reduction, we apply 3-D multi-scale dense convolutional neural networks to efficiently remove false positive candidates. We use the public LIDC-IDRI dataset which includes 888 CT scans with 1186 nodules annotated by four radiologists. After ten-fold cross-validation, our proposed system achieves a sensitivity of 95.3% with 0.5 false positive/scan and a sensitivity of 96.2% with 1.0 false positive/scan. Although it is difficult to detect small nodules (i.e. nodules with a diameter &lt; 6 mm), our designed CAD system reaches a sensitivity of 93.8% (94.6%) of these small nodules at an overall false positive rate of 0.5 (1.0) false positives/scan. At the nodule candidate detection stage, the proposed system detected 98.1% of nodules after merging the predictions from all three planes. Using only the 1 mm axial slices resulted in the detection of 91.1% of nodules, which is better than that of utilizing solely the coronal or sagittal slices. The results show that a multi-planar method is capable to detect more nodules compared to using a single plane. Our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on this dataset, which demonstrates the effectiveness and efficiency of our developed CAD system for lung nodule detection. 
