# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 29 Jan 2020
### 1.Segmentation and Recovery of Superquadric Models using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10504.pdf)
>  In this paper we address the problem of representing 3D visual data with parameterized volumetric shape primitives. Specifically, we present a (two-stage) approach built around convolutional neural networks (CNNs) capable of segmenting complex depth scenes into the simpler geometric structures that can be represented with superquadric models. In the first stage, our approach uses a Mask RCNN model to identify superquadric-like structures in depth scenes and then fits superquadric models to the segmented structures using a specially designed CNN regressor. Using our approach we are able to describe complex structures with a small number of interpretable parameters. We evaluated the proposed approach on synthetic as well as real-world depth data and show that our solution does not only result in competitive performance in comparison to the state-of-the-art, but is able to decompose scenes into a number of superquadric models at a fraction of the time required by competing approaches. We make all data and models used in the paper available from <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://lmi.fe.uni-lj.si/en/research/resources/sq-seg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 2.CSNNs: Unsupervised, Backpropagation-free Convolutional Neural Networks for Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10388.pdf)
>  This work combines Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), clustering via Self-Organizing Maps (SOMs) and Hebbian Learning to propose the building blocks of Convolutional Self-Organizing Neural Networks (CSNNs), which learn representations in an unsupervised and Backpropagation-free manner. Our approach replaces the learning of traditional convolutional layers from CNNs with the competitive learning procedure of SOMs and simultaneously learns local masks between those layers with separate Hebbian-like learning rules to overcome the problem of disentangling factors of variation when filters are learned through clustering. We investigate the learned representation by designing two simple models with our building blocks, achieving comparable performance to many methods which use Backpropagation, while we reach comparable performance on Cifar10 and give baseline performances on Cifar100, Tiny ImageNet and 
### 3.f-BRS: Rethinking Backpropagating Refinement for Interactive Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10331.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have become a mainstream approach to interactive segmentation. As we show in our experiments, while for some images a trained network provides accurate segmentation result with just a few clicks, for some unknown objects it cannot achieve satisfactory result even with a large amount of user input. Recently proposed backpropagating refinement (BRS) scheme introduces an optimization problem for interactive segmentation that results in significantly better performance for the hard cases. At the same time, BRS requires running forward and backward pass through a deep network several times that leads to significantly increased computational budget per click compared to other methods. We propose f-BRS (feature backpropagating refinement scheme) that solves an optimization problem with respect to auxiliary variables instead of the network inputs, and requires running forward and backward pass just for a small part of a network. Experiments on GrabCut, Berkeley, DAVIS and SBD datasets set new state-of-the-art at an order of magnitude lower time per click compared to original BRS. The code and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/saic-vul/fbrs_interactive_segmentation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . 
### 4.BioTouchPass2: Touchscreen Password Biometrics Using Time-Aligned Recurrent Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10223.pdf)
>  Passwords are still used on a daily basis for all kind of applications. However, they are not secure enough by themselves in many cases. This work enhances password scenarios through two-factor authentication asking the users to draw each character of the password instead of typing them as usual. The main contributions of this study are as follows: i) We present the novel MobileTouchDB public database, acquired in an unsupervised mobile scenario with no restrictions in terms of position, posture, and devices. This database contains more than 64K on-line character samples performed by 217 users, with 94 different smartphone models, and up to 6 acquisition sessions. ii) We perform a complete analysis of the proposed approach considering both traditional authentication systems such as Dynamic Time Warping (DTW) and novel approaches based on Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs). In addition, we present a novel approach named Time-Aligned Recurrent Neural Networks (TA-RNNs). This approach combines the potential of DTW and RNNs to train more robust systems against attacks. <br>A complete analysis of the proposed approach is carried out using both MobileTouchDB and e-BioDigitDB databases. Our proposed TA-RNN system outperforms the state of the art, achieving a final 2.38% Equal Error Rate, using just a 4-digit password and one training sample per character. These results encourage the deployment of our proposed approach in comparison with traditional typed-based password systems where the attack would have 100% success rate under the same impostor scenario. 
### 5.An Internal Clock Based Space-time Neural Network for Motion Speed Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10159.pdf)
>  In this work we present a novel internal clock based space-time neural network for motion speed recognition. The developed system has a spike train encoder, a Spiking Neural Network (SNN) with internal clocking behaviors, a pattern transformation block and a Network Dynamic Dependent Plasticity (NDDP) learning block. The core principle is that the developed SNN will automatically tune its network pattern frequency (internal clock frequency) to recognize human motions in a speed domain. We employed both cartoons and real-world videos as training benchmarks, results demonstrate that our system can not only recognize motions with considerable speed differences (e.g. run, walk, jump, wonder(think) and standstill), but also motions with subtle speed gaps such as run and fast walk. The inference accuracy can be up to 83.3% (cartoon videos) and 75% (real-world videos). Meanwhile, the system only requires six video datasets in the learning stage and with up to 42 training trials. Hardware performance estimation indicates that the training time is 0.84-4.35s and power consumption is 33.26-201mW (based on an ARM Cortex M4 processor). Therefore, our system takes unique learning advantages of the requirement of the small dataset, quick learning and low power performance, which shows great potentials for edge or scalable AI-based applications. 
### 6.An Unsupervised Learning Model for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10155.pdf)
>  For the majority of the learning-based segmentation methods, a large quantity of high-quality training data is required. In this paper, we present a novel learning-based segmentation model that could be trained semi- or un- supervised. Specifically, in the unsupervised setting, we parameterize the Active contour without edges (ACWE) framework via a convolutional neural network (ConvNet), and optimize the parameters of the ConvNet using a self-supervised method. In another setting (semi-supervised), the auxiliary segmentation ground truth is used during training. We show that the method provides fast and high-quality bone segmentation in the context of single-photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) image. 
### 7.Canadian Adverse Driving Conditions Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10117.pdf)
>  The Canadian Adverse Driving Conditions (CADC) dataset was collected with the Autonomoose autonomous vehicle platform, based on a modified Lincoln MKZ. The dataset, collected during winter within the Region of Waterloo, Canada, is the first autonomous vehicle dataset that focuses on adverse driving conditions specifically. It contains 7,000 frames collected through a variety of winter weather conditions of annotated data from 8 cameras (Ximea MQ013CG-E2), Lidar (VLP-32C) and a GNSS+INS system (Novatel OEM638). The sensors are time synchronized and calibrated with the intrinsic and extrinsic calibrations included in the dataset. Lidar frame annotations that represent ground truth for 3D object detection and tracking have been provided by Scale AI. 
### 8.Print Defect Mapping with Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10111.pdf)
>  Efficient automated print defect mapping is valuable to the printing industry since such defects directly influence customer-perceived printer quality and manually mapping them is cost-ineffective. Conventional methods consist of complicated and hand-crafted feature engineering techniques, usually targeting only one type of defect. In this paper, we propose the first end-to-end framework to map print defects at pixel level, adopting an approach based on semantic segmentation. Our framework uses Convolutional Neural Networks, specifically DeepLab-v3+, and achieves promising results in the identification of defects in printed images. We use synthetic training data by simulating two types of print defects and a print-scan effect with image processing and computer graphic techniques. Compared with conventional methods, our framework is versatile, allowing two inference strategies, one being near real-time and providing coarser results, and the other focusing on offline processing with more fine-grained detection. Our model is evaluated on a dataset of real printed images. 
### 9.Deep NRSfM++: Towards 3D Reconstruction in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10090.pdf)
>  The recovery of 3D shape and pose solely from 2D landmarks stemming from a large ensemble of images can be viewed as a non-rigid structure from motion (NRSfM) problem. To date, however, the application of NRSfM to problems in the wild has been problematic. Classical NRSfM approaches do not scale to large numbers of images and can only handle certain types of 3D structure (e.g. low-rank). A recent breakthrough in this problem has allowed for the reconstruction of a substantially broader set of 3D structures, dramatically expanding the approach's importance to many problems in computer vision. However, the approach is still limited in that (i) it cannot handle missing/occluded points, and (ii) it is applicable only to weak-perspective camera models. In this paper, we present Deep NRSfM++, an approach to allow NRSfM to be truly applicable in the wild by offering up innovative solutions to the above two issues. Furthermore, we demonstrate state-of-the-art performance across numerous benchmarks, even against recent methods based on deep neural networks. 
### 10.ABCTracker: an easy-to-use, cloud-based application for tracking multiple objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10072.pdf)
>  Visual multi-object tracking has the potential to accelerate many forms of quantitative analyses, especially in research communities investigating the motion, behavior, or social interactions within groups of animals. Despite its potential for increasing analysis throughput, complications related to accessibility, adaptability, accuracy, or scalable application arise with existing tracking systems. Several iterations of prototyping and testing have led us to a multi-object tracking system -- ABCTracker -- that is: accessible in both system as well as technical knowledge requirements, easily adaptable to new videos, and capable of producing accurate tracking data through a mixture of automatic and semi-automatic tracking features. 
### 11.Towards Open-Set Semantic Segmentation of Aerial Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10063.pdf)
>  Classical and more recently deep computer vision methods are optimized for visible spectrum images, commonly encoded in grayscale or RGB colorspaces acquired from smartphones or cameras. A more uncommon source of images exploited in the remote sensing field are satellite and aerial images. However, the development of pattern recognition approaches for these data is relatively recent, mainly due to the limited availability of this type of images, as until recently they were used exclusively for military purposes. Access to aerial imagery, including spectral information, has been increasing mainly due to the low cost of drones, cheapening of imaging satellite launch costs, and novel public datasets. Usually remote sensing applications employ computer vision techniques strictly modeled for classification tasks in closed set scenarios. However, real-world tasks rarely fit into closed set contexts, frequently presenting previously unknown classes, characterizing them as open set scenarios. Focusing on this problem, this is the first paper to study and develop semantic segmentation techniques for open set scenarios applied to remote sensing images. The main contributions of this paper are: 1) a discussion of related works in open set semantic segmentation, showing evidence that these techniques can be adapted for open set remote sensing tasks; 2) the development and evaluation of a novel approach for open set semantic segmentation. Our method yielded competitive results when compared to closed set methods for the same dataset. 
### 12.Identifying Mislabeled Data using the Area Under the Margin Ranking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10528.pdf)
>  Not all data in a typical training set help with generalization; some samples can be overly ambiguous or outrightly mislabeled. This paper introduces a new method to identify such samples and mitigate their impact when training neural networks. At the heart of our algorithm is the Area Under the Margin (AUM) statistic, which exploits differences in the training dynamics of clean and mislabeled samples. A simple procedure - adding an extra class populated with purposefully mislabeled indicator samples - learns a threshold that isolates mislabeled data based on this metric. This approach consistently improves upon prior work on synthetic and real-world datasets. On the WebVision50 classification task our method removes 17% of training data, yielding a 2.6% (absolute) improvement in test error. On CIFAR100 removing 13% of the data leads to a 1.2% drop in error. 
### 13.Accurately identifying vertebral levels in large datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10503.pdf)
>  The vertebral levels of the spine provide a useful coordinate system when making measurements of plaque, muscle, fat, and bone mineral density. Correctly classifying vertebral levels with high accuracy is challenging due to the similar appearance of each vertebra, the curvature of the spine, and the possibility of anomalies such as fractured vertebrae, implants, lumbarization of the sacrum, and sacralization of L5. The goal of this work is to develop a system that can accurately and robustly identify the L1 level in large heterogeneous datasets. The first approach we study is using a 3D U-Net to segment the L1 vertebra directly using the entire scan volume to provide context. We also tested models for two class segmentation of L1 and T12 and a three class segmentation of L1, T12 and the rib attached to T12. By increasing the number of training examples to 249 scans using pseudo-segmentations from an in-house segmentation tool we were able to achieve 98% accuracy with respect to identifying the L1 vertebra, with an average error of 4.5 mm in the craniocaudal level. We next developed an algorithm which performs iterative instance segmentation and classification of the entire spine with a 3D U-Net. We found the instance based approach was able to yield better segmentations of nearly the entire spine, but had lower classification accuracy for L1. 
### 14.Lossless Compression of Mosaic Images with Convolutional Neural Network Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10484.pdf)
>  We present a CNN-based predictive lossless compression scheme for raw color mosaic images of digital cameras. This specialized application problem was previously understudied but it is now becoming increasingly important, because modern CNN methods for image restoration tasks (e.g., superresolution, low lighting enhancement, deblurring), must operate on original raw mosaic images to obtain the best possible results. The key innovation of this paper is a high-order nonlinear CNN predictor of spatial-spectral mosaic patterns. The deep learning prediction can model highly complex sample dependencies in spatial-spectral mosaic images more accurately and hence remove statistical redundancies more thoroughly than existing image predictors. Experiments show that the proposed CNN predictor achieves unprecedented lossless compression performance on camera raw images. 
### 15.MGCN: Descriptor Learning using Multiscale GCNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10472.pdf)
>  We propose a novel framework for computing descriptors for characterizing points on three-dimensional surfaces. First, we present a new non-learned feature that uses graph wavelets to decompose the Dirichlet energy on a surface. We call this new feature wavelet energy decomposition signature (WEDS). Second, we propose a new multiscale graph convolutional network (MGCN) to transform a non-learned feature to a more discriminative descriptor. Our results show that the new descriptor WEDS is more discriminative than the current state-of-the-art non-learned descriptors and that the combination of WEDS and MGCN is better than the state-of-the-art learned descriptors. An important design criterion for our descriptor is the robustness to different surface discretizations including triangulations with varying numbers of vertices. Our results demonstrate that previous graph convolutional networks significantly overfit to a particular resolution or even a particular triangulation, but MGCN generalizes well to different surface discretizations. In addition, MGCN is compatible with previous descriptors and it can also be used to improve the performance of other descriptors, such as the heat kernel signature, the wave kernel signature, or the local point signature. 
### 16.A Class of Linear Programs Solvable by Coordinate-wise Minimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10467.pdf)
>  Coordinate-wise minimization is a simple popular method for large-scale optimization. Unfortunately, for general (non-differentiable) convex problems it may not find global minima. We present a class of linear programs that coordinate-wise minimization solves exactly. We show that dual LP relaxations of several well-known combinatorial optimization problems are in this class and the method finds a global minimum with sufficient accuracy in reasonable runtimes. Moreover, for extensions of these problems that no longer are in this class the method yields reasonably good suboptima. Though the presented LP relaxations can be solved by more efficient methods (such as max-flow), our results are theoretically non-trivial and can lead to new large-scale optimization algorithms in the future. 
### 17.NAS-Bench-1Shot1: Benchmarking and Dissecting One-shot Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10422.pdf)
>  One-shot neural architecture search (NAS) has played a crucial role in making NAS methods computationally feasible in practice. Nevertheless, there is still a lack of understanding on how these weight-sharing algorithms exactly work due to the many factors controlling the dynamics of the process. In order to allow a scientific study of these components, we introduce a general framework for one-shot NAS that can be instantiated to many recently-introduced variants and introduce a general benchmarking framework that draws on the recent large-scale tabular benchmark NAS-Bench-101 for cheap anytime evaluations of one-shot NAS methods. To showcase the framework, we compare several state-of-the-art one-shot NAS methods, examine how sensitive they are to their hyperparameters and how they can be improved by tuning their hyperparameters, and compare their performance to that of blackbox optimizers for NAS-Bench-101. 
### 18.OPFython: A Python-Inspired Optimum-Path Forest Classifier  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10420.pdf)
>  Machine learning techniques have been paramount throughout the last years, being applied in a wide range of tasks, such as classification, object recognition, person identification, image segmentation, among others. Nevertheless, conventional classification algorithms, e.g., Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Bayesian classifiers, might lack complexity and diversity, not being suitable when dealing with real-world data. A recent graph-inspired classifier, known as the Optimum-Path Forest, has proven to be a state-of-the-art technique, comparable to Support Vector Machines and even surpassing it in some tasks. In this paper, we propose a Python-based Optimum-Path Forest framework, denoted as OPFython, where all of its functions and classes are based upon the original C language implementation. Additionally, as OPFython is a Python-based library, it provides a more friendly environment and a faster prototyping workspace than the C language. 
### 19.Multi-Source Deep Domain Adaptation for Quality Control in Retail Food Packaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10335.pdf)
>  Retail food packaging contains information which informs choice and can be vital to consumer health, including product name, ingredients list, nutritional information, allergens, preparation guidelines, pack weight, storage and shelf life information (use-by / best before dates). The presence and accuracy of such information is critical to ensure a detailed understanding of the product and to reduce the potential for health risks. Consequently, erroneous or illegible labeling has the potential to be highly detrimental to consumers and many other stakeholders in the supply chain. In this paper, a multi-source deep learning-based domain adaptation system is proposed and tested to identify and verify the presence and legibility of use-by date information from food packaging photos taken as part of the validation process as the products pass along the food production line. This was achieved by improving the generalization of the techniques via making use of multi-source datasets in order to extract domain-invariant representations for all domains and aligning distribution of all pairs of source and target domains in a common feature space, along with the class boundaries. The proposed system performed very well in the conducted experiments, for automating the verification process and reducing labeling errors that could otherwise threaten public health and contravene legal requirements for food packaging information and accuracy. Comprehensive experiments on our food packaging datasets demonstrate that the proposed multi-source deep domain adaptation method significantly improves the classification accuracy and therefore has great potential for application and beneficial impact in food manufacturing control systems. 
### 20.Spatial-Adaptive Network for Single Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10291.pdf)
>  Previous works have shown that convolutional neural networks can achieve good performance in image denoising tasks. However, limited by the local rigid convolutional operation, these methods lead to oversmoothing artifacts. A deeper network structure could alleviate these problems, but more computational overhead is needed. In this paper, we propose a novel spatial-adaptive denoising network (SADNet) for efficient single image blind noise removal. To adapt to changes in spatial textures and edges, we design a residual spatial-adaptive block. Deformable convolution is introduced to sample the spatially correlated features for weighting. An encoder-decoder structure with a context block is introduced to capture multiscale information. With noise removal from the coarse to fine, a high-quality noisefree image can be obtained. We apply our method to both synthetic and real noisy image datasets. The experimental results demonstrate that our method can surpass the state-of-the-art denoising methods both quantitatively and visually. 
### 21.Controlling generative models with continuous factors of variations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10238.pdf)
>  Recent deep generative models are able to provide photo-realistic images as well as visual or textual content embeddings useful to address various tasks of computer vision and natural language processing. Their usefulness is nevertheless often limited by the lack of control over the generative process or the poor understanding of the learned representation. To overcome these major issues, very recent work has shown the interest of studying the semantics of the latent space of generative models. In this paper, we propose to advance on the interpretability of the latent space of generative models by introducing a new method to find meaningful directions in the latent space of any generative model along which we can move to control precisely specific properties of the generated image like the position or scale of the object in the image. Our method does not require human annotations and is particularly well suited for the search of directions encoding simple transformations of the generated image, such as translation, zoom or color variations. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method qualitatively and quantitatively, both for GANs and variational auto-encoders. 
### 22.Learning to Catch Piglets in Flight  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10220.pdf)
>  Catching objects in-flight is an outstanding challenge in robotics. In this paper, we present a closed-loop control system fusing data from two sensor modalities: an RGB-D camera and a radar. To develop and test our method, we start with an easy to identify object: a stuffed Piglet. We implement and compare two approaches to detect and track the object, and to predict the interception point. A baseline model uses colour filtering for locating the thrown object in the environment, while the interception point is predicted using a least squares regression over the physical ballistic trajectory equations. A deep learning based method uses artificial neural networks for both object detection and interception point prediction. We show that we are able to successfully catch Piglet in 80% of the cases with our deep learning approach. 
### 23.Robust Method for Semantic Segmentation of Whole-Slide Blood Cell Microscopic Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10188.pdf)
>  Previous works on segmentation of SEM (scanning electron microscope) blood cell image ignore the semantic segmentation approach of whole-slide blood cell segmentation. In the proposed work, we address the problem of whole-slide blood cell segmentation using the semantic segmentation approach. We design a novel convolutional encoder-decoder framework along with VGG-16 as the pixel-level feature extraction model. -e proposed framework comprises 3 main steps: First, all the original images along with manually generated ground truth masks of each blood cell type are passed through the preprocessing stage. In the preprocessing stage, pixel-level labeling, RGB to grayscale conversion of masked image and pixel fusing, and unity mask generation are performed. After that, VGG16 is loaded into the system, which acts as a pretrained pixel-level feature extraction model. In the third step, the training process is initiated on the proposed model. We have evaluated our network performance on three evaluation metrics. We obtained outstanding results with respect to classwise, as well as global and mean accuracies. Our system achieved classwise accuracies of 97.45%, 93.34%, and 85.11% for RBCs, WBCs, and platelets, respectively, while global and mean accuracies remain 97.18% and 91.96%, respectively. 
### 24.Breast mass segmentation based on ultrasonic entropy maps and attention gated U-Net  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.10061.pdf)
>  We propose a novel deep learning based approach to breast mass segmentation in ultrasound (US) imaging. In comparison to commonly applied segmentation methods, which use US images, our approach is based on quantitative entropy parametric maps. To segment the breast masses we utilized an attention gated U-Net convolutional neural network. US images and entropy maps were generated based on raw US signals collected from 269 breast masses. The segmentation networks were developed separately using US image and entropy maps, and evaluated on a test set of 81 breast masses. The attention U-Net trained based on entropy maps achieved average Dice score of 0.60 (median 0.71), while for the model trained using US images we obtained average Dice score of 0.53 (median 0.59). Our work presents the feasibility of using quantitative US parametric maps for the breast mass segmentation. The obtained results suggest that US parametric maps, which provide the information about local tissue scattering properties, might be more suitable for the development of breast mass segmentation methods than regular US images. 
