# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 28 Jun 2021
### 1.Single Image Texture Translation for Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13804.pdf)
>  Recent advances in image synthesis enables one to translate images by learning the mapping between a source domain and a target domain. Existing methods tend to learn the distributions by training a model on a variety of datasets, with results evaluated largely in a subjective manner. Relatively few works in this area, however, study the potential use of semantic image translation methods for image recognition tasks. In this paper, we explore the use of Single Image Texture Translation (SITT) for data augmentation. We first propose a lightweight model for translating texture to images based on a single input of source texture, allowing for fast training and testing. Based on SITT, we then explore the use of augmented data in long-tailed and few-shot image classification tasks. We find the proposed method is capable of translating input data into a target domain, leading to consistent improved image recognition performance. Finally, we examine how SITT and related image translation methods can provide a basis for a data-efficient, augmentation engineering approach to model training.      
### 2.Efficient Document Image Classification Using Region-Based Graph Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13802.pdf)
>  Document image classification remains a popular research area because it can be commercialized in many enterprise applications across different industries. Recent advancements in large pre-trained computer vision and language models and graph neural networks has lent document image classification many tools. However using large pre-trained models usually requires substantial computing resources which could defeat the cost-saving advantages of automatic document image classification. In the paper we propose an efficient document image classification framework that uses graph convolution neural networks and incorporates textual, visual and layout information of the document. We have rigorously benchmarked our proposed algorithm against several state-of-art vision and language models on both publicly available dataset and a real-life insurance document classification dataset. Empirical results on both publicly available and real-world data show that our methods achieve near SOTA performance yet require much less computing resources and time for model training and inference. This results in solutions than offer better cost advantages, especially in scalable deployment for enterprise applications. The results showed that our algorithm can achieve classification performance quite close to SOTA. We also provide comprehensive comparisons of computing resources, model sizes, train and inference time between our proposed methods and baselines. In addition we delineate the cost per image using our method and other baselines.      
### 3.PVTv2: Improved Baselines with Pyramid Vision Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13797.pdf)
>  Transformer in computer vision has recently shown encouraging progress. In this work, we improve the original Pyramid Vision Transformer (PVTv1) by adding three improvement designs, which include (1) locally continuous features with convolutions, (2) position encodings with zero paddings, and (3) linear complexity attention layers with average pooling. With these simple modifications, our PVTv2 significantly improves PVTv1 on classification, detection, and segmentation. Moreover, PVTv2 achieves much better performance than recent works, including Swin Transformer, under ImageNet-1K pre-training. We hope this work will make state-of-the-art vision Transformer research more accessible. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/whai362/PVT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 4.Interactive Multi-level Stroke Control for Neural Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13787.pdf)
>  We present StyleTune, a mobile app for interactive multi-level control of neural style transfers that facilitates creative adjustments of style elements and enables high output fidelity. In contrast to current mobile neural style transfer apps, StyleTune supports users to adjust both the size and orientation of style elements, such as brushstrokes and texture patches, on a global as well as local level. To this end, we propose a novel stroke-adaptive feed-forward style transfer network, that enables control over stroke size and intensity and allows a larger range of edits than current approaches. For additional level-of-control, we propose a network agnostic method for stroke-orientation adjustment by utilizing the rotation-variance of CNNs. To achieve high output fidelity, we further add a patch-based style transfer method that enables users to obtain output resolutions of more than 20 Megapixel. Our approach empowers users to create many novel results that are not possible with current mobile neural style transfer apps.      
### 5."Zero Shot" Point Cloud Upsampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13765.pdf)
>  Point cloud upsampling using deep learning has been paid various efforts in the past few years. Recent supervised deep learning methods are restricted to the size of training data and is limited in terms of covering all shapes of point clouds. Besides, the acquisition of such amount of data is unrealistic, and the network generally performs less powerful than expected on unseen records. In this paper, we present an unsupervised approach to upsample point clouds internally referred as "Zero Shot" Point Cloud Upsampling (ZSPU) at holistic level. Our approach is solely based on the internal information provided by a particular point cloud without patching in both self-training and testing phases. This single-stream design significantly reduces the training time of the upsampling task, by learning the relation between low-resolution (LR) point clouds and their high (original) resolution (HR) counterparts. This association will provide super-resolution (SR) outputs when original point clouds are loaded as input. We demonstrate competitive performance on benchmark point cloud datasets when compared to other upsampling methods. Furthermore, ZSPU achieves superior qualitative results on shapes with complex local details or high curvatures.      
### 6.Projection-wise Disentangling for Fair and Interpretable Representation Learning: Application to 3D Facial Shape Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13734.pdf)
>  Confounding bias is a crucial problem when applying machine learning to practice, especially in clinical practice. We consider the problem of learning representations independent to multiple biases. In literature, this is mostly solved by purging the bias information from learned representations. We however expect this strategy to harm the diversity of information in the representation, and thus limiting its prospective usage (e.g., interpretation). Therefore, we propose to mitigate the bias while keeping almost all information in the latent representations, which enables us to observe and interpret them as well. To achieve this, we project latent features onto a learned vector direction, and enforce the independence between biases and projected features rather than all learned features. To interpret the mapping between projected features and input data, we propose projection-wise disentangling: a sampling and reconstruction along the learned vector direction. The proposed method was evaluated on the analysis of 3D facial shape and patient characteristics (N=5011). Experiments showed that this conceptually simple method achieved state-of-the-art fair prediction performance and interpretability, showing its great potential for clinical applications.      
### 7.Vision Transformer Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13700.pdf)
>  Recently, transformers have shown great superiority in solving computer vision tasks by modeling images as a sequence of manually-split patches with self-attention mechanism. However, current architectures of vision transformers (ViTs) are simply inherited from natural language processing (NLP) tasks and have not been sufficiently investigated and optimized. In this paper, we make a further step by examining the intrinsic structure of transformers for vision tasks and propose an architecture search method, dubbed ViTAS, to search for the optimal architecture with similar hardware budgets. Concretely, we design a new effective yet efficient weight sharing paradigm for ViTs, such that architectures with different token embedding, sequence size, number of heads, width, and depth can be derived from a single super-transformer. Moreover, to cater for the variance of distinct architectures, we introduce \textit{private} class token and self-attention maps in the super-transformer. In addition, to adapt the searching for different budgets, we propose to search the sampling probability of identity operation. Experimental results show that our ViTAS attains excellent results compared to existing pure transformer architectures. For example, with $1.3$G FLOPs budget, our searched architecture achieves $74.7\%$ top-$1$ accuracy on ImageNet and is $2.5\%$ superior than the current baseline ViT architecture. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xiusu/ViTAS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 8.Image-to-image Transformation with Auxiliary Condition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13696.pdf)
>  The performance of image recognition like human pose detection, trained with simulated images would usually get worse due to the divergence between real and simulated data. To make the distribution of a simulated image close to that of real one, there are several works applying GAN-based image-to-image transformation methods, e.g., SimGAN and CycleGAN. However, these methods would not be sensitive enough to the various change in pose and shape of subjects, especially when the training data are imbalanced, e.g., some particular poses and shapes are minor in the training data. To overcome this problem, we propose to introduce the label information of subjects, e.g., pose and type of objects in the training of CycleGAN, and lead it to obtain label-wise transforamtion models. We evaluate our proposed method called Label-CycleGAN, through experiments on the digit image transformation from SVHN to MNIST and the surveillance camera image transformation from simulated to real images.      
### 9.Shape registration in the time of transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13679.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a transformer-based procedure for the efficient registration of non-rigid 3D point clouds. The proposed approach is data-driven and adopts for the first time the transformer architecture in the registration task. Our method is general and applies to different settings. Given a fixed template with some desired properties (e.g. skinning weights or other animation cues), we can register raw acquired data to it, thereby transferring all the template properties to the input geometry. Alternatively, given a pair of shapes, our method can register the first onto the second (or vice-versa), obtaining a high-quality dense correspondence between the two. In both contexts, the quality of our results enables us to target real applications such as texture transfer and shape interpolation. Furthermore, we also show that including an estimation of the underlying density of the surface eases the learning process. By exploiting the potential of this architecture, we can train our model requiring only a sparse set of ground truth correspondences ($10\sim20\%$ of the total points). The proposed model and the analysis that we perform pave the way for future exploration of transformer-based architectures for registration and matching applications. Qualitative and quantitative evaluations demonstrate that our pipeline outperforms state-of-the-art methods for deformable and unordered 3D data registration on different datasets and scenarios.      
### 10.Animatable Neural Radiance Fields from Monocular RGB Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13629.pdf)
>  We present animatable neural radiance fields for detailed human avatar creation from monocular videos. Our approach extends neural radiance fields (NeRF) to the dynamic scenes with human movements via introducing explicit pose-guided deformation while learning the scene representation network. In particular, we estimate the human pose for each frame and learn a constant canonical space for the detailed human template, which enables natural shape deformation from the observation space to the canonical space under the explicit control of the pose parameters. To compensate for inaccurate pose estimation, we introduce the pose refinement strategy that updates the initial pose during the learning process, which not only helps to learn more accurate human reconstruction but also accelerates the convergence. In experiments we show that the proposed approach achieves 1) implicit human geometry and appearance reconstruction with high-quality details, 2) photo-realistic rendering of the human from arbitrary views, and 3) animation of the human with arbitrary poses.      
### 11.Partially fake it till you make it: mixing real and fake thermal images for improved object detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13603.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a novel data augmentation approach for visual content domains that have scarce training datasets, compositing synthetic 3D objects within real scenes. We show the performance of the proposed system in the context of object detection in thermal videos, a domain where 1) training datasets are very limited compared to visible spectrum datasets and 2) creating full realistic synthetic scenes is extremely cumbersome and expensive due to the difficulty in modeling the thermal properties of the materials of the scene. We compare different augmentation strategies, including state of the art approaches obtained through RL techniques, the injection of simulated data and the employment of a generative model, and study how to best combine our proposed augmentation with these other techniques.Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach, and our single-modality detector achieves state-of-the-art results on the FLIR ADAS dataset.      
### 12.Video Moment Retrieval with Text Query Considering Many-to-Many Correspondence Using Potentially Relevant Pair  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13566.pdf)
>  In this paper we undertake the task of text-based video moment retrieval from a corpus of videos. To train the model, text-moment paired datasets were used to learn the correct correspondences. In typical training methods, ground-truth text-moment pairs are used as positive pairs, whereas other pairs are regarded as negative pairs. However, aside from the ground-truth pairs, some text-moment pairs should be regarded as positive. In this case, one text annotation can be positive for many video moments. Conversely, one video moment can be corresponded to many text annotations. Thus, there are many-to-many correspondences between the text annotations and video moments. Based on these correspondences, we can form potentially relevant pairs, which are not given as ground truth yet are not negative; effectively incorporating such relevant pairs into training can improve the retrieval performance. The text query should describe what is happening in a video moment. Hence, different video moments annotated with similar texts, which contain a similar action, are likely to hold the similar action, thus these pairs can be considered as potentially relevant pairs. In this paper, we propose a novel training method that takes advantage of potentially relevant pairs, which are detected based on linguistic analysis about text annotation. Experiments on two benchmark datasets revealed that our method improves the retrieval performance both quantitatively and qualitatively.      
### 13.SRPN: similarity-based region proposal networks for nuclei and cells detection in histology images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13556.pdf)
>  The detection of nuclei and cells in histology images is of great value in both clinical practice and pathological studies. However, multiple reasons such as morphological variations of nuclei or cells make it a challenging task where conventional object detection methods cannot obtain satisfactory performance in many cases. A detection task consists of two sub-tasks, classification and localization. Under the condition of dense object detection, classification is a key to boost the detection performance. Considering this, we propose similarity based region proposal networks (SRPN) for nuclei and cells detection in histology images. In particular, a customized convolution layer termed as embedding layer is designed for network building. The embedding layer is added into the region proposal networks, enabling the networks to learn discriminative features based on similarity learning. Features obtained by similarity learning can significantly boost the classification performance compared to conventional methods. SRPN can be easily integrated into standard convolutional neural networks architectures such as the Faster R-CNN and RetinaNet. We test the proposed approach on tasks of multi-organ nuclei detection and signet ring cells detection in histological images. Experimental results show that networks applying similarity learning achieved superior performance on both tasks when compared to their counterparts. In particular, the proposed SRPN achieve state-of-the-art performance on the MoNuSeg benchmark for nuclei segmentation and detection while compared to previous methods, and on the signet ring cell detection benchmark when compared with baselines. The sourcecode is publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sigma10010/nuclei_cells_det" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.Graph Pattern Loss based Diversified Attention Network for Cross-Modal Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13552.pdf)
>  Cross-modal retrieval aims to enable flexible retrieval experience by combining multimedia data such as image, video, text, and audio. One core of unsupervised approaches is to dig the correlations among different object representations to complete satisfied retrieval performance without requiring expensive labels. In this paper, we propose a Graph Pattern Loss based Diversified Attention Network(GPLDAN) for unsupervised cross-modal retrieval to deeply analyze correlations among representations. First, we propose a diversified attention feature projector by considering the interaction between different representations to generate multiple representations of an instance. Then, we design a novel graph pattern loss to explore the correlations among different representations, in this graph all possible distances between different representations are considered. In addition, a modality classifier is added to explicitly declare the corresponding modalities of features before fusion and guide the network to enhance discrimination ability. We test GPLDAN on four public datasets. Compared with the state-of-the-art cross-modal retrieval methods, the experimental results demonstrate the performance and competitiveness of GPLDAN.      
### 15.Connecting Sphere Manifolds Hierarchically for Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13549.pdf)
>  This paper considers classification problems with hierarchically organized classes. We force the classifier (hyperplane) of each class to belong to a sphere manifold, whose center is the classifier of its super-class. Then, individual sphere manifolds are connected based on their hierarchical relations. Our technique replaces the last layer of a neural network by combining a spherical fully-connected layer with a hierarchical layer. This regularization is shown to improve the performance of widely used deep neural network architectures (ResNet and DenseNet) on publicly available datasets (CIFAR100, CUB200, Stanford dogs, Stanford cars, and Tiny-ImageNet).      
### 16.On the Robustness of Pretraining and Self-Supervision for a Deep Learning-based Analysis of Diabetic Retinopathy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13497.pdf)
>  There is an increasing number of medical use-cases where classification algorithms based on deep neural networks reach performance levels that are competitive with human medical experts. To alleviate the challenges of small dataset sizes, these systems often rely on pretraining. In this work, we aim to assess the broader implications of these approaches. For diabetic retinopathy grading as exemplary use case, we compare the impact of different training procedures including recently established self-supervised pretraining methods based on contrastive learning. To this end, we investigate different aspects such as quantitative performance, statistics of the learned feature representations, interpretability and robustness to image distortions. Our results indicate that models initialized from ImageNet pretraining report a significant increase in performance, generalization and robustness to image distortions. In particular, self-supervised models show further benefits to supervised models. Self-supervised models with initialization from ImageNet pretraining not only report higher performance, they also reduce overfitting to large lesions along with improvements in taking into account minute lesions indicative of the progression of the disease. Understanding the effects of pretraining in a broader sense that goes beyond simple performance comparisons is of crucial importance for the broader medical imaging community beyond the use-case considered in this work.      
### 17.Probing Inter-modality: Visual Parsing with Self-Attention for Vision-Language Pre-training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13488.pdf)
>  Vision-Language Pre-training (VLP) aims to learn multi-modal representations from image-text pairs and serves for downstream vision-language tasks in a fine-tuning fashion. The dominant VLP models adopt a CNN-Transformer architecture, which embeds images with a CNN, and then aligns images and text with a Transformer. Visual relationship between visual contents plays an important role in image understanding and is the basic for inter-modal alignment learning. However, CNNs have limitations in visual relation learning due to local receptive field's weakness in modeling long-range dependencies. Thus the two objectives of learning visual relation and inter-modal alignment are encapsulated in the same Transformer network. Such design might restrict the inter-modal alignment learning in the Transformer by ignoring the specialized characteristic of each objective. To tackle this, we propose a fully Transformer visual embedding for VLP to better learn visual relation and further promote inter-modal alignment. Specifically, we propose a metric named Inter-Modality Flow (IMF) to measure the interaction between vision and language modalities (i.e., inter-modality). We also design a novel masking optimization mechanism named Masked Feature Regression (MFR) in Transformer to further promote the inter-modality learning. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to explore the benefit of Transformer for visual feature learning in VLP. We verify our method on a wide range of vision-language tasks, including Visual Question Answering (VQA), Visual Entailment and Visual Reasoning. Our approach not only outperforms the state-of-the-art VLP performance, but also shows benefits on the IMF metric.      
### 18.A Picture May Be Worth a Hundred Words for Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13445.pdf)
>  How far can we go with textual representations for understanding pictures? In image understanding, it is essential to use concise but detailed image representations. Deep visual features extracted by vision models, such as Faster R-CNN, are prevailing used in multiple tasks, and especially in visual question answering (VQA). However, conventional deep visual features may struggle to convey all the details in an image as we humans do. Meanwhile, with recent language models' progress, descriptive text may be an alternative to this problem. This paper delves into the effectiveness of textual representations for image understanding in the specific context of VQA. We propose to take description-question pairs as input, instead of deep visual features, and fed them into a language-only Transformer model, simplifying the process and the computational cost. We also experiment with data augmentation techniques to increase the diversity in the training set and avoid learning statistical bias. Extensive evaluations have shown that textual representations require only about a hundred words to compete with deep visual features on both VQA 2.0 and VQA-CP v2.      
### 19.NP-DRAW: A Non-Parametric Structured Latent Variable Modelfor Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13435.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a non-parametric structured latent variable model for image generation, called NP-DRAW, which sequentially draws on a latent canvas in a part-by-part fashion and then decodes the image from the canvas. Our key contributions are as follows. 1) We propose a non-parametric prior distribution over the appearance of image parts so that the latent variable ``what-to-draw'' per step becomes a categorical random variable. This improves the expressiveness and greatly eases the learning compared to Gaussians used in the literature. 2) We model the sequential dependency structure of parts via a Transformer, which is more powerful and easier to train compared to RNNs used in the literature. 3) We propose an effective heuristic parsing algorithm to pre-train the prior. Experiments on MNIST, Omniglot, CIFAR-10, and CelebA show that our method significantly outperforms previous structured image models like DRAW and AIR and is competitive to other generic generative models. Moreover, we show that our model's inherent compositionality and interpretability bring significant benefits in the low-data learning regime and latent space editing. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZENGXH/NPDRAW" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 20.Hierarchical Object-oriented Spatio-Temporal Reasoning for Video Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13432.pdf)
>  Video Question Answering (Video QA) is a powerful testbed to develop new AI capabilities. This task necessitates learning to reason about objects, relations, and events across visual and linguistic domains in space-time. High-level reasoning demands lifting from associative visual pattern recognition to symbol-like manipulation over objects, their behavior and interactions. Toward reaching this goal we propose an object-oriented reasoning approach in that video is abstracted as a dynamic stream of interacting objects. At each stage of the video event flow, these objects interact with each other, and their interactions are reasoned about with respect to the query and under the overall context of a video. This mechanism is materialized into a family of general-purpose neural units and their multi-level architecture called Hierarchical Object-oriented Spatio-Temporal Reasoning (HOSTR) networks. This neural model maintains the objects' consistent lifelines in the form of a hierarchically nested spatio-temporal graph. Within this graph, the dynamic interactive object-oriented representations are built up along the video sequence, hierarchically abstracted in a bottom-up manner, and converge toward the key information for the correct answer. The method is evaluated on multiple major Video QA datasets and establishes new state-of-the-arts in these tasks. Analysis into the model's behavior indicates that object-oriented reasoning is a reliable, interpretable and efficient approach to Video QA.      
### 21.Diversifying Semantic Image Synthesis and Editing via Class- and Layer-wise VAEs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13416.pdf)
>  Semantic image synthesis is a process for generating photorealistic images from a single semantic mask. To enrich the diversity of multimodal image synthesis, previous methods have controlled the global appearance of an output image by learning a single latent space. However, a single latent code is often insufficient for capturing various object styles because object appearance depends on multiple factors. To handle individual factors that determine object styles, we propose a class- and layer-wise extension to the variational autoencoder (VAE) framework that allows flexible control over each object class at the local to global levels by learning multiple latent spaces. Furthermore, we demonstrate that our method generates images that are both plausible and more diverse compared to state-of-the-art methods via extensive experiments with real and synthetic datasets inthree different domains. We also show that our method enables a wide range of applications in image synthesis and editing tasks.      
### 22.Building Intelligent Autonomous Navigation Agents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13415.pdf)
>  Breakthroughs in machine learning in the last decade have led to `digital intelligence', i.e. machine learning models capable of learning from vast amounts of labeled data to perform several digital tasks such as speech recognition, face recognition, machine translation and so on. The goal of this thesis is to make progress towards designing algorithms capable of `physical intelligence', i.e. building intelligent autonomous navigation agents capable of learning to perform complex navigation tasks in the physical world involving visual perception, natural language understanding, reasoning, planning, and sequential decision making. Despite several advances in classical navigation methods in the last few decades, current navigation agents struggle at long-term semantic navigation tasks. In the first part of the thesis, we discuss our work on short-term navigation using end-to-end reinforcement learning to tackle challenges such as obstacle avoidance, semantic perception, language grounding, and reasoning. In the second part, we present a new class of navigation methods based on modular learning and structured explicit map representations, which leverage the strengths of both classical and end-to-end learning methods, to tackle long-term navigation tasks. We show that these methods are able to effectively tackle challenges such as localization, mapping, long-term planning, exploration and learning semantic priors. These modular learning methods are capable of long-term spatial and semantic understanding and achieve state-of-the-art results on various navigation tasks.      
### 23.Generative Modeling for Multi-task Visual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13409.pdf)
>  Generative modeling has recently shown great promise in computer vision, but it has mostly focused on synthesizing visually realistic images. In this paper, motivated by multi-task learning of shareable feature representations, we consider a novel problem of learning a shared generative model that is useful across various visual perception tasks. Correspondingly, we propose a general multi-task oriented generative modeling (MGM) framework, by coupling a discriminative multi-task network with a generative network. While it is challenging to synthesize both RGB images and pixel-level annotations in multi-task scenarios, our framework enables us to use synthesized images paired with only weak annotations (i.e., image-level scene labels) to facilitate multiple visual tasks. Experimental evaluation on challenging multi-task benchmarks, including NYUv2 and Taskonomy, demonstrates that our MGM framework improves the performance of all the tasks by large margins, consistently outperforming state-of-the-art multi-task approaches.      
### 24.Countering Adversarial Examples: Combining Input Transformation and Noisy Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13394.pdf)
>  Recent studies have shown that neural network (NN) based image classifiers are highly vulnerable to adversarial examples, which poses a threat to security-sensitive image recognition task. Prior work has shown that JPEG compression can combat the drop in classification accuracy on adversarial examples to some extent. But, as the compression ratio increases, traditional JPEG compression is insufficient to defend those attacks but can cause an abrupt accuracy decline to the benign images. In this paper, with the aim of fully filtering the adversarial perturbations, we firstly make modifications to traditional JPEG compression algorithm which becomes more favorable for NN. Specifically, based on an analysis of the frequency coefficient, we design a NN-favored quantization table for compression. Considering compression as a data augmentation strategy, we then combine our model-agnostic preprocess with noisy training. We fine-tune the pre-trained model by training with images encoded at different compression levels, thus generating multiple classifiers. Finally, since lower (higher) compression ratio can remove both perturbations and original features slightly (aggressively), we use these trained multiple models for model ensemble. The majority vote of the ensemble of models is adopted as final predictions. Experiments results show our method can improve defense efficiency while maintaining original accuracy.      
### 25.Interpreting Depression From Question-wise Long-term Video Recording of SDS Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13393.pdf)
>  Self-Rating Depression Scale (SDS) questionnaire has frequently been used for efficient depression preliminary screening. However, the uncontrollable self-administered measure can be easily affected by insouciantly or deceptively answering, and producing the different results with the clinician-administered Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) and the final diagnosis. Clinically, facial expression (FE) and actions play a vital role in clinician-administered evaluation, while FE and action are underexplored for self-administered evaluations. In this work, we collect a novel dataset of 200 subjects to evidence the validity of self-rating questionnaires with their corresponding question-wise video recording. To automatically interpret depression from the SDS evaluation and the paired video, we propose an end-to-end hierarchical framework for the long-term variable-length video, which is also conditioned on the questionnaire results and the answering time. Specifically, we resort to a hierarchical model which utilizes a 3D CNN for local temporal pattern exploration and a redundancy-aware self-attention (RAS) scheme for question-wise global feature aggregation. Targeting for the redundant long-term FE video processing, our RAS is able to effectively exploit the correlations of each video clip within a question set to emphasize the discriminative information and eliminate the redundancy based on feature pair-wise affinity. Then, the question-wise video feature is concatenated with the questionnaire scores for final depression detection. Our thorough evaluations also show the validity of fusing SDS evaluation and its video recording, and the superiority of our framework to the conventional state-of-the-art temporal modeling methods.      
### 26.HAN: An Efficient Hierarchical Self-Attention Network for Skeleton-Based Gesture Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13391.pdf)
>  Previous methods for skeleton-based gesture recognition mostly arrange the skeleton sequence into a pseudo picture or spatial-temporal graph and apply deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) or Graph Convolutional Network (GCN) for feature extraction. Although achieving superior results, these methods have inherent limitations in dynamically capturing local features of interactive hand parts, and the computing efficiency still remains a serious issue. In this work, the self-attention mechanism is introduced to alleviate this problem. Considering the hierarchical structure of hand joints, we propose an efficient hierarchical self-attention network (HAN) for skeleton-based gesture recognition, which is based on pure self-attention without any CNN, RNN or GCN operators. Specifically, the joint self-attention module is used to capture spatial features of fingers, the finger self-attention module is designed to aggregate features of the whole hand. In terms of temporal features, the temporal self-attention module is utilized to capture the temporal dynamics of the fingers and the entire hand. Finally, these features are fused by the fusion self-attention module for gesture classification. Experiments show that our method achieves competitive results on three gesture recognition datasets with much lower computational complexity.      
### 27.Energy-Based Generative Cooperative Saliency Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13389.pdf)
>  Conventional saliency prediction models typically learn a deterministic mapping from images to the corresponding ground truth saliency maps. In this paper, we study the saliency prediction problem from the perspective of generative models by learning a conditional probability distribution over saliency maps given an image, and treating the prediction as a sampling process. Specifically, we propose a generative cooperative saliency prediction framework based on the generative cooperative networks, where a conditional latent variable model and a conditional energy-based model are jointly trained to predict saliency in a cooperative manner. We call our model the SalCoopNets. The latent variable model serves as a fast but coarse predictor to efficiently produce an initial prediction, which is then refined by the iterative Langevin revision of the energy-based model that serves as a fine predictor. Such a coarse-to-fine cooperative saliency prediction strategy offers the best of both worlds. Moreover, we generalize our framework to the scenario of weakly supervised saliency prediction, where saliency annotation of training images is partially observed, by proposing a cooperative learning while recovering strategy. Lastly, we show that the learned energy function can serve as a refinement module that can refine the results of other pre-trained saliency prediction models. Experimental results show that our generative model can achieve state-of-the-art performance. Our code is publicly available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JingZhang617/SalCoopNets" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 28.Bayesian Eye Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13387.pdf)
>  Model-based eye tracking has been a dominant approach for eye gaze tracking because of its ability to generalize to different subjects, without the need of any training data and eye gaze annotations. Model-based eye tracking, however, is susceptible to eye feature detection errors, in particular for eye tracking in the wild. To address this issue, we propose a Bayesian framework for model-based eye tracking. The proposed system consists of a cascade-Bayesian Convolutional Neural Network (c-BCNN) to capture the probabilistic relationships between eye appearance and its landmarks, and a geometric eye model to estimate eye gaze from the eye landmarks. Given a testing eye image, the Bayesian framework can generate, through Bayesian inference, the eye gaze distribution without explicit landmark detection and model training, based on which it not only estimates the most likely eye gaze but also its uncertainty. Furthermore, with Bayesian inference instead of point-based inference, our model can not only generalize better to different sub-jects, head poses, and environments but also is robust to image noise and landmark detection errors. Finally, with the estimated gaze uncertainty, we can construct a cascade architecture that allows us to progressively improve gaze estimation accuracy. Compared to state-of-the-art model-based and learning-based methods, the proposed Bayesian framework demonstrates significant improvement in generalization capability across several benchmark datasets and in accuracy and robustness under challenging real-world conditions.      
### 29.To the Point: Efficient 3D Object Detection in the Range Image with Graph Convolution Kernels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13381.pdf)
>  3D object detection is vital for many robotics applications. For tasks where a 2D perspective range image exists, we propose to learn a 3D representation directly from this range image view. To this end, we designed a 2D convolutional network architecture that carries the 3D spherical coordinates of each pixel throughout the network. Its layers can consume any arbitrary convolution kernel in place of the default inner product kernel and exploit the underlying local geometry around each pixel. We outline four such kernels: a dense kernel according to the bag-of-words paradigm, and three graph kernels inspired by recent graph neural network advances: the Transformer, the PointNet, and the Edge Convolution. We also explore cross-modality fusion with the camera image, facilitated by operating in the perspective range image view. Our method performs competitively on the Waymo Open Dataset and improves the state-of-the-art AP for pedestrian detection from 69.7% to 75.5%. It is also efficient in that our smallest model, which still outperforms the popular PointPillars in quality, requires 180 times fewer FLOPS and model parameters      
### 30.RSN: Range Sparse Net for Efficient, Accurate LiDAR 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13365.pdf)
>  The detection of 3D objects from LiDAR data is a critical component in most autonomous driving systems. Safe, high speed driving needs larger detection ranges, which are enabled by new LiDARs. These larger detection ranges require more efficient and accurate detection models. Towards this goal, we propose Range Sparse Net (RSN), a simple, efficient, and accurate 3D object detector in order to tackle real time 3D object detection in this extended detection regime. RSN predicts foreground points from range images and applies sparse convolutions on the selected foreground points to detect objects. The lightweight 2D convolutions on dense range images results in significantly fewer selected foreground points, thus enabling the later sparse convolutions in RSN to efficiently operate. Combining features from the range image further enhance detection accuracy. RSN runs at more than 60 frames per second on a 150m x 150m detection region on Waymo Open Dataset (WOD) while being more accurate than previously published detectors. As of 11/2020, RSN is ranked first in the WOD leaderboard based on the APH/LEVEL 1 metrics for LiDAR-based pedestrian and vehicle detection, while being several times faster than alternatives.      
### 31.Physics perception in sloshing scenes with guaranteed thermodynamic consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13301.pdf)
>  Physics perception very often faces the problem that only limited data or partial measurements on the scene are available. In this work, we propose a strategy to learn the full state of sloshing liquids from measurements of the free surface. Our approach is based on recurrent neural networks (RNN) that project the limited information available to a reduced-order manifold so as to not only reconstruct the unknown information, but also to be capable of performing fluid reasoning about future scenarios in real time. To obtain physically consistent predictions, we train deep neural networks on the reduced-order manifold that, through the employ of inductive biases, ensure the fulfillment of the principles of thermodynamics. RNNs learn from history the required hidden information to correlate the limited information with the latent space where the simulation occurs. Finally, a decoder returns data back to the high-dimensional manifold, so as to provide the user with insightful information in the form of augmented reality. This algorithm is connected to a computer vision system to test the performance of the proposed methodology with real information, resulting in a system capable of understanding and predicting future states of the observed fluid in real-time.      
### 32.Semi-supervised Meta-learning with Disentanglement for Domain-generalised Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13292.pdf)
>  Generalising deep models to new data from new centres (termed here domains) remains a challenge. This is largely attributed to shifts in data statistics (domain shifts) between source and unseen domains. Recently, gradient-based meta-learning approaches where the training data are split into meta-train and meta-test sets to simulate and handle the domain shifts during training have shown improved generalisation performance. However, the current fully supervised meta-learning approaches are not scalable for medical image segmentation, where large effort is required to create pixel-wise annotations. Meanwhile, in a low data regime, the simulated domain shifts may not approximate the true domain shifts well across source and unseen domains. To address this problem, we propose a novel semi-supervised meta-learning framework with disentanglement. We explicitly model the representations related to domain shifts. Disentangling the representations and combining them to reconstruct the input image allows unlabeled data to be used to better approximate the true domain shifts for meta-learning. Hence, the model can achieve better generalisation performance, especially when there is a limited amount of labeled data. Experiments show that the proposed method is robust on different segmentation tasks and achieves state-of-the-art generalisation performance on two public benchmarks.      
### 33.Generalized One-Class Learning Using Pairs of Complementary Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13272.pdf)
>  One-class learning is the classic problem of fitting a model to the data for which annotations are available only for a single class. In this paper, we explore novel objectives for one-class learning, which we collectively refer to as Generalized One-class Discriminative Subspaces (GODS). Our key idea is to learn a pair of complementary classifiers to flexibly bound the one-class data distribution, where the data belongs to the positive half-space of one of the classifiers in the complementary pair and to the negative half-space of the other. To avoid redundancy while allowing non-linearity in the classifier decision surfaces, we propose to design each classifier as an orthonormal frame and seek to learn these frames via jointly optimizing for two conflicting objectives, namely: i) to minimize the distance between the two frames, and ii) to maximize the margin between the frames and the data. The learned orthonormal frames will thus characterize a piecewise linear decision surface that allows for efficient inference, while our objectives seek to bound the data within a minimal volume that maximizes the decision margin, thereby robustly capturing the data distribution. We explore several variants of our formulation under different constraints on the constituent classifiers, including kernelized feature maps. We demonstrate the empirical benefits of our approach via experiments on data from several applications in computer vision, such as anomaly detection in video sequences, human poses, and human activities. We also explore the generality and effectiveness of GODS for non-vision tasks via experiments on several UCI datasets, demonstrating state-of-the-art results.      
### 34.DnS: Distill-and-Select for Efficient and Accurate Video Indexing and Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13266.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of high performance and computationally efficient content-based video retrieval in large-scale datasets. Current methods typically propose either: (i) fine-grained approaches employing spatio-temporal representations and similarity calculations, achieving high performance at a high computational cost or (ii) coarse-grained approaches representing/indexing videos as global vectors, where the spatio-temporal structure is lost, providing low performance but also having low computational cost. In this work, we propose a Knowledge Distillation framework, which we call Distill-and-Select (DnS), that starting from a well-performing fine-grained Teacher Network learns: a) Student Networks at different retrieval performance and computational efficiency trade-offs and b) a Selection Network that at test time rapidly directs samples to the appropriate student to maintain both high retrieval performance and high computational efficiency. We train several students with different architectures and arrive at different trade-offs of performance and efficiency, i.e., speed and storage requirements, including fine-grained students that store index videos using binary representations. Importantly, the proposed scheme allows Knowledge Distillation in large, unlabelled datasets -- this leads to good students. We evaluate DnS on five public datasets on three different video retrieval tasks and demonstrate a) that our students achieve state-of-the-art performance in several cases and b) that our DnS framework provides an excellent trade-off between retrieval performance, computational speed, and storage space. In specific configurations, our method achieves similar mAP with the teacher but is 20 times faster and requires 240 times less storage space. Our collected dataset and implementation are publicly available: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mever-team/distill-and-select" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 35.Re-parameterizing VAEs for stability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13739.pdf)
>  We propose a theoretical approach towards the training numerical stability of Variational AutoEncoders (VAE). Our work is motivated by recent studies empowering VAEs to reach state of the art generative results on complex image datasets. These very deep VAE architectures, as well as VAEs using more complex output distributions, highlight a tendency to haphazardly produce high training gradients as well as NaN losses. The empirical fixes proposed to train them despite their limitations are neither fully theoretically grounded nor generally sufficient in practice. Building on this, we localize the source of the problem at the interface between the model's neural networks and their output probabilistic distributions. We explain a common source of instability stemming from an incautious formulation of the encoded Normal distribution's variance, and apply the same approach on other, less obvious sources. We show that by implementing small changes to the way we parameterize the Normal distributions on which they rely, VAEs can securely be trained.      
### 36.Semantic annotation for computational pathology: Multidisciplinary experience and best practice recommendations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13689.pdf)
>  Recent advances in whole slide imaging (WSI) technology have led to the development of a myriad of computer vision and artificial intelligence (AI) based diagnostic, prognostic, and predictive algorithms. Computational Pathology (CPath) offers an integrated solution to utilize information embedded in pathology WSIs beyond what we obtain through visual assessment. For automated analysis of WSIs and validation of machine learning (ML) models, annotations at the slide, tissue and cellular levels are required. The annotation of important visual constructs in pathology images is an important component of CPath projects. Improper annotations can result in algorithms which are hard to interpret and can potentially produce inaccurate and inconsistent results. Despite the crucial role of annotations in CPath projects, there are no well-defined guidelines or best practices on how annotations should be carried out. In this paper, we address this shortcoming by presenting the experience and best practices acquired during the execution of a large-scale annotation exercise involving a multidisciplinary team of pathologists, ML experts and researchers as part of the Pathology image data Lake for Analytics, Knowledge and Education (PathLAKE) consortium. We present a real-world case study along with examples of different types of annotations, diagnostic algorithm, annotation data dictionary and annotation constructs. The analyses reported in this work highlight best practice recommendations that can be used as annotation guidelines over the lifecycle of a CPath project.      
### 37.Multiview Video Compression Using Advanced HEVC Screen Content Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13574.pdf)
>  The paper presents a new approach to multiview video coding using Screen Content Coding. It is assumed that for a time instant the frames corresponding to all views are packed into a single frame, i.e. the frame-compatible approach to multiview coding is applied. For such coding scenario, the paper demonstrates that Screen Content Coding can be efficiently used for multiview video coding. Two approaches are considered: the first using standard HEVC Screen Content Coding, and the second using Advanced Screen Content Coding. The latter is the original proposal of the authors that exploits quarter-pel motion vectors and other nonstandard extensions of HEVC Screen Content Coding. The experimental results demonstrate that multiview video coding even using standard HEVC Screen Content Coding is much more efficient than simulcast HEVC coding. The proposed Advanced Screen Content Coding provides virtually the same coding efficiency as MV-HEVC, which is the state-of-the-art multiview video compression technique. The authors suggest that Advanced Screen Content Coding can be efficiently used within the new Versatile Video Coding (VVC) technology. Nevertheless a reference multiview extension of VVC does not exist yet, therefore, for VVC-based coding, the experimental comparisons are left for future work.      
### 38.A Novel Self-Learning Framework for Bladder Cancer Grading Using Histopathological Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13559.pdf)
>  Recently, bladder cancer has been significantly increased in terms of incidence and mortality. Currently, two subtypes are known based on tumour growth: non-muscle invasive (NMIBC) and muscle-invasive bladder cancer (MIBC). In this work, we focus on the MIBC subtype because it is of the worst prognosis and can spread to adjacent organs. We present a self-learning framework to grade bladder cancer from histological images stained via immunohistochemical techniques. Specifically, we propose a novel Deep Convolutional Embedded Attention Clustering (DCEAC) which allows classifying histological patches into different severity levels of the disease, according to the patterns established in the literature. The proposed DCEAC model follows a two-step fully unsupervised learning methodology to discern between non-tumour, mild and infiltrative patterns from high-resolution samples of 512x512 pixels. Our system outperforms previous clustering-based methods by including a convolutional attention module, which allows refining the features of the latent space before the classification stage. The proposed network exceeds state-of-the-art approaches by 2-3% across different metrics, achieving a final average accuracy of 0.9034 in a multi-class scenario. Furthermore, the reported class activation maps evidence that our model is able to learn by itself the same patterns that clinicians consider relevant, without incurring prior annotation steps. This fact supposes a breakthrough in muscle-invasive bladder cancer grading which bridges the gap with respect to train the model on labelled data.      
### 39.Circumpapillary OCT-Focused Hybrid Learning for Glaucoma Grading Using Tailored Prototypical Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13551.pdf)
>  Glaucoma is one of the leading causes of blindness worldwide and Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) is the quintessential imaging technique for its detection. Unlike most of the state-of-the-art studies focused on glaucoma detection, in this paper, we propose, for the first time, a novel framework for glaucoma grading using raw circumpapillary B-scans. In particular, we set out a new OCT-based hybrid network which combines hand-driven and deep learning algorithms. An OCT-specific descriptor is proposed to extract hand-crafted features related to the retinal nerve fibre layer (RNFL). In parallel, an innovative CNN is developed using skip-connections to include tailored residual and attention modules to refine the automatic features of the latent space. The proposed architecture is used as a backbone to conduct a novel few-shot learning based on static and dynamic prototypical networks. The k-shot paradigm is redefined giving rise to a supervised end-to-end system which provides substantial improvements discriminating between healthy, early and advanced glaucoma samples. The training and evaluation processes of the dynamic prototypical network are addressed from two fused databases acquired via Heidelberg Spectralis system. Validation and testing results reach a categorical accuracy of 0.9459 and 0.8788 for glaucoma grading, respectively. Besides, the high performance reported by the proposed model for glaucoma detection deserves a special mention. The findings from the class activation maps are directly in line with the clinicians' opinion since the heatmaps pointed out the RNFL as the most relevant structure for glaucoma diagnosis.      
### 40.CausalCity: Complex Simulations with Agency for Causal Discovery and Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13364.pdf)
>  The ability to perform causal and counterfactual reasoning are central properties of human intelligence. Decision-making systems that can perform these types of reasoning have the potential to be more generalizable and interpretable. Simulations have helped advance the state-of-the-art in this domain, by providing the ability to systematically vary parameters (e.g., confounders) and generate examples of the outcomes in the case of counterfactual scenarios. However, simulating complex temporal causal events in multi-agent scenarios, such as those that exist in driving and vehicle navigation, is challenging. To help address this, we present a high-fidelity simulation environment that is designed for developing algorithms for causal discovery and counterfactual reasoning in the safety-critical context. A core component of our work is to introduce \textit{agency}, such that it is simple to define and create complex scenarios using high-level definitions. The vehicles then operate with agency to complete these objectives, meaning low-level behaviors need only be controlled if necessary. We perform experiments with three state-of-the-art methods to create baselines and highlight the affordances of this environment. Finally, we highlight challenges and opportunities for future work.      
### 41.FOVQA: Blind Foveated Video Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13328.pdf)
>  Previous blind or No Reference (NR) video quality assessment (VQA) models largely rely on features drawn from natural scene statistics (NSS), but under the assumption that the image statistics are stationary in the spatial domain. Several of these models are quite successful on standard pictures. However, in Virtual Reality (VR) applications, foveated video compression is regaining attention, and the concept of space-variant quality assessment is of interest, given the availability of increasingly high spatial and temporal resolution contents and practical ways of measuring gaze direction. Distortions from foveated video compression increase with increased eccentricity, implying that the natural scene statistics are space-variant. Towards advancing the development of foveated compression / streaming algorithms, we have devised a no-reference (NR) foveated video quality assessment model, called FOVQA, which is based on new models of space-variant natural scene statistics (NSS) and natural video statistics (NVS). Specifically, we deploy a space-variant generalized Gaussian distribution (SV-GGD) model and a space-variant asynchronous generalized Gaussian distribution (SV-AGGD) model of mean subtracted contrast normalized (MSCN) coefficients and products of neighboring MSCN coefficients, respectively. We devise a foveated video quality predictor that extracts radial basis features, and other features that capture perceptually annoying rapid quality fall-offs. We find that FOVQA achieves state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance on the new 2D LIVE-FBT-FCVR database, as compared with other leading FIQA / VQA models. we have made our implementation of FOVQA available at: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://live.ece.utexas.edu/research/Quality/FOVQA.zip" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 42.Domain-guided Machine Learning for Remotely Sensed In-Season Crop Growth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13323.pdf)
>  Advanced machine learning techniques have been used in remote sensing (RS) applications such as crop mapping and yield prediction, but remain under-utilized for tracking crop progress. In this study, we demonstrate the use of agronomic knowledge of crop growth drivers in a Long Short-Term Memory-based, Domain-guided neural network (DgNN) for in-season crop progress estimation. The DgNN uses a branched structure and attention to separate independent crop growth drivers and capture their varying importance throughout the growing season. The DgNN is implemented for corn, using RS data in Iowa for the period 2003-2019, with USDA crop progress reports used as ground truth. State-wide DgNN performance shows significant improvement over sequential and dense-only NN structures, and a widely-used Hidden Markov Model method. The DgNN had a 3.5% higher Nash-Sutfliffe efficiency over all growth stages and 33% more weeks with highest cosine similarity than the other NNs during test years. The DgNN and Sequential NN were more robust during periods of abnormal crop progress, though estimating the Silking-Grainfill transition was difficult for all methods. Finally, Uniform Manifold Approximation and Projection visualizations of layer activations showed how LSTM-based NNs separate crop growth time-series differently from a dense-only structure. Results from this study exhibit both the viability of NNs in crop growth stage estimation (CGSE) and the benefits of using domain knowledge. The DgNN methodology presented here can be extended to provide near-real time CGSE of other crops.      
### 43.Generalized Unsupervised Clustering of Hyperspectral Images of Geological Targets in the Near Infrared  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13315.pdf)
>  The application of infrared hyperspectral imagery to geological problems is becoming more popular as data become more accessible and cost-effective. Clustering and classifying spectrally similar materials is often a first step in applications ranging from economic mineral exploration on Earth to planetary exploration on Mars. Semi-manual classification guided by expertly developed spectral parameters can be time consuming and biased, while supervised methods require abundant labeled data and can be difficult to generalize. Here we develop a fully unsupervised workflow for feature extraction and clustering informed by both expert spectral geologist input and quantitative metrics. Our pipeline uses a lightweight autoencoder followed by Gaussian mixture modeling to map the spectral diversity within any image. We validate the performance of our pipeline at submillimeter-scale with expert-labelled data from the Oman ophiolite drill core and evaluate performance at meters-scale with partially classified orbital data of Jezero Crater on Mars (the landing site for the Perseverance rover). We additionally examine the effects of various preprocessing techniques used in traditional analysis of hyperspectral imagery. This pipeline provides a fast and accurate clustering map of similar geological materials and consistently identifies and separates major mineral classes in both laboratory imagery and remote sensing imagery. We refer to our pipeline as "Generalized Pipeline for Spectroscopic Unsupervised clustering of Minerals (GyPSUM)."      
### 44.Free-viewpoint Indoor Neural Relighting from Multi-view Stereo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13299.pdf)
>  We introduce a neural relighting algorithm for captured indoors scenes, that allows interactive free-viewpoint navigation. Our method allows illumination to be changed synthetically, while coherently rendering cast shadows and complex glossy materials. We start with multiple images of the scene and a 3D mesh obtained by multi-view stereo (MVS) reconstruction. We assume that lighting is well-explained as the sum of a view-independent diffuse component and a view-dependent glossy term concentrated around the mirror reflection direction. We design a convolutional network around input feature maps that facilitate learning of an implicit representation of scene materials and illumination, enabling both relighting and free-viewpoint navigation. We generate these input maps by exploiting the best elements of both image-based and physically-based rendering. We sample the input views to estimate diffuse scene irradiance, and compute the new illumination caused by user-specified light sources using path tracing. To facilitate the network's understanding of materials and synthesize plausible glossy reflections, we reproject the views and compute mirror images. We train the network on a synthetic dataset where each scene is also reconstructed with MVS. We show results of our algorithm relighting real indoor scenes and performing free-viewpoint navigation with complex and realistic glossy reflections, which so far remained out of reach for view-synthesis techniques.      
### 45.Federated Noisy Client Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13239.pdf)
>  Federated learning (FL) collaboratively aggregates a shared global model depending on multiple local clients, while keeping the training data decentralized in order to preserve data privacy. However, standard FL methods ignore the noisy client issue, which may harm the overall performance of the aggregated model. In this paper, we first analyze the noisy client statement, and then model noisy clients with different noise distributions (e.g., Bernoulli and truncated Gaussian distributions). To learn with noisy clients, we propose a simple yet effective FL framework, named Federated Noisy Client Learning (Fed-NCL), which is a plug-and-play algorithm and contains two main components: a data quality measurement (DQM) to dynamically quantify the data quality of each participating client, and a noise robust aggregation (NRA) to adaptively aggregate the local models of each client by jointly considering the amount of local training data and the data quality of each client. Our Fed-NCL can be easily applied in any standard FL workflow to handle the noisy client issue. Experimental results on various datasets demonstrate that our algorithm boosts the performances of different state-of-the-art systems with noisy clients.      
### 46.Prior Image-Constrained Reconstruction using Style-Based Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.12525.pdf)
>  Obtaining a useful estimate of an object from highly incomplete imaging measurements remains a holy grail of imaging science. Deep learning methods have shown promise in learning object priors or constraints to improve the conditioning of an ill-posed imaging inverse problem. In this study, a framework for estimating an object of interest that is semantically related to a known prior image, is proposed. An optimization problem is formulated in the disentangled latent space of a style-based generative model, and semantically meaningful constraints are imposed using the disentangled latent representation of the prior image. Stable recovery from incomplete measurements with the help of a prior image is theoretically analyzed. Numerical experiments demonstrating the superior performance of our approach as compared to related methods are presented.      
