# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 9 Jun 2021
### 1.Simulated Adversarial Testing of Face Recognition Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04569.pdf)
>  Most machine learning models are validated and tested on fixed datasets. This can give an incomplete picture of the capabilities and weaknesses of the model. Such weaknesses can be revealed at test time in the real world. The risks involved in such failures can be loss of profits, loss of time or even loss of life in certain critical applications. In order to alleviate this issue, simulators can be controlled in a fine-grained manner using interpretable parameters to explore the semantic image manifold. In this work, we propose a framework for learning how to test machine learning algorithms using simulators in an adversarial manner in order to find weaknesses in the model before deploying it in critical scenarios. We apply this model in a face recognition scenario. We are the first to show that weaknesses of models trained on real data can be discovered using simulated samples. Using our proposed method, we can find adversarial synthetic faces that fool contemporary face recognition models. This demonstrates the fact that these models have weaknesses that are not measured by commonly used validation datasets. We hypothesize that this type of adversarial examples are not isolated, but usually lie in connected components in the latent space of the simulator. We present a method to find these adversarial regions as opposed to the typical adversarial points found in the adversarial example literature.      
### 2.Data-Efficient Instance Generation from Instance Discrimination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04566.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have significantly advanced image synthesis, however, the synthesis quality drops significantly given a limited amount of training data. To improve the data efficiency of GAN training, prior work typically employs data augmentation to mitigate the overfitting of the discriminator yet still learn the discriminator with a bi-classification (i.e., real vs. fake) task. In this work, we propose a data-efficient Instance Generation (InsGen) method based on instance discrimination. Concretely, besides differentiating the real domain from the fake domain, the discriminator is required to distinguish every individual image, no matter it comes from the training set or from the generator. In this way, the discriminator can benefit from the infinite synthesized samples for training, alleviating the overfitting problem caused by insufficient training data. A noise perturbation strategy is further introduced to improve its discriminative power. Meanwhile, the learned instance discrimination capability from the discriminator is in turn exploited to encourage the generator for diverse generation. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our method on a variety of datasets and training settings. Noticeably, on the setting of 2K training images from the FFHQ dataset, we outperform the state-of-the-art approach with 23.5% FID improvement.      
### 3.Scaling Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04560.pdf)
>  Attention-based neural networks such as the Vision Transformer (ViT) have recently attained state-of-the-art results on many computer vision benchmarks. Scale is a primary ingredient in attaining excellent results, therefore, understanding a model's scaling properties is a key to designing future generations effectively. While the laws for scaling Transformer language models have been studied, it is unknown how Vision Transformers scale. To address this, we scale ViT models and data, both up and down, and characterize the relationships between error rate, data, and compute. Along the way, we refine the architecture and training of ViT, reducing memory consumption and increasing accuracy the resulting models. As a result, we successfully train a ViT model with two billion parameters, which attains a new state-of-the-art on ImageNet of 90.45% top-1 accuracy. The model also performs well on few-shot learning, for example, attaining 84.86% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet with only 10 examples per class.      
### 4.Hierarchical Lov치sz Embeddings for Proposal-free Panoptic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04555.pdf)
>  Panoptic segmentation brings together two separate tasks: instance and semantic segmentation. Although they are related, unifying them faces an apparent paradox: how to learn simultaneously instance-specific and category-specific (i.e. instance-agnostic) representations jointly. Hence, state-of-the-art panoptic segmentation methods use complex models with a distinct stream for each task. In contrast, we propose Hierarchical Lov치sz Embeddings, per pixel feature vectors that simultaneously encode instance- and category-level discriminative information. We use a hierarchical Lov치sz hinge loss to learn a low-dimensional embedding space structured into a unified semantic and instance hierarchy without requiring separate network branches or object proposals. Besides modeling instances precisely in a proposal-free manner, our Hierarchical Lov치sz Embeddings generalize to categories by using a simple Nearest-Class-Mean classifier, including for non-instance "stuff" classes where instance segmentation methods are not applicable. Our simple model achieves state-of-the-art results compared to existing proposal-free panoptic segmentation methods on Cityscapes, COCO, and Mapillary Vistas. Furthermore, our model demonstrates temporal stability between video frames.      
### 5.DETReg: Unsupervised Pretraining with Region Priors for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04550.pdf)
>  Unsupervised pretraining has recently proven beneficial for computer vision tasks, including object detection. However, previous self-supervised approaches are not designed to handle a key aspect of detection: localizing objects. Here, we present DETReg, an unsupervised pretraining approach for object DEtection with TRansformers using Region priors. Motivated by the two tasks underlying object detection: localization and categorization, we combine two complementary signals for self-supervision. For an object localization signal, we use pseudo ground truth object bounding boxes from an off-the-shelf unsupervised region proposal method, Selective Search, which does not require training data and can detect objects at a high recall rate and very low precision. The categorization signal comes from an object embedding loss that encourages invariant object representations, from which the object category can be inferred. We show how to combine these two signals to train the Deformable DETR detection architecture from large amounts of unlabeled data. DETReg improves the performance over competitive baselines and previous self-supervised methods on standard benchmarks like MS COCO and PASCAL VOC. DETReg also outperforms previous supervised and unsupervised baseline approaches on low-data regime when trained with only 1%, 2%, 5%, and 10% of the labeled data on MS COCO. For code and pretrained models, visit the project page at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://amirbar.net/detreg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 6.Chasing Sparsity in Vision Transformers:An End-to-End Exploration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04533.pdf)
>  Vision transformers (ViTs) have recently received explosive popularity, but their enormous model sizes and training costs remain daunting. Conventional post-training pruning often incurs higher training budgets. In contrast, this paper aims to trim down both the training memory overhead and the inference complexity, without scarifying the achievable accuracy. We launch and report the first-of-its-kind comprehensive exploration, on taking a unified approach of integrating sparsity in ViTs "from end to end". Specifically, instead of training full ViTs, we dynamically extract and train sparse subnetworks, while sticking to a fixed small parameter budget. Our approach jointly optimizes model parameters and explores connectivity throughout training, ending up with one sparse network as the final output. The approach is seamlessly extended from unstructured to structured sparsity, the latter by considering to guide the prune-and-grow of self-attention heads inside ViTs. For additional efficiency gains, we further co-explore data and architecture sparsity, by plugging in a novel learnable token selector to adaptively determine the currently most vital patches. Extensive results validate the effectiveness of our proposals on ImageNet with diverse ViT backbones. For instance, at 40% structured sparsity, our sparsified DeiT-Base can achieve 0.42% accuracy gain, at 33.13% and 24.70% running time} savings, compared to its dense counterpart. Perhaps most surprisingly, we find that the proposed sparse (co-)training can even improve the ViT accuracy rather than compromising it, making sparsity a tantalizing "free lunch". For example, our sparsified DeiT-Small at 5%, 50% sparsity for (data, architecture), improves 0.28% top-1 accuracy and meanwhile enjoys 49.32% FLOPs and 4.40% running time savings.      
### 7.RobustNav: Towards Benchmarking Robustness in Embodied Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04531.pdf)
>  As an attempt towards assessing the robustness of embodied navigation agents, we propose RobustNav, a framework to quantify the performance of embodied navigation agents when exposed to a wide variety of visual - affecting RGB inputs - and dynamics - affecting transition dynamics - corruptions. Most recent efforts in visual navigation have typically focused on generalizing to novel target environments with similar appearance and dynamics characteristics. With RobustNav, we find that some standard embodied navigation agents significantly underperform (or fail) in the presence of visual or dynamics corruptions. We systematically analyze the kind of idiosyncrasies that emerge in the behavior of such agents when operating under corruptions. Finally, for visual corruptions in RobustNav, we show that while standard techniques to improve robustness such as data-augmentation and self-supervised adaptation offer some zero-shot resistance and improvements in navigation performance, there is still a long way to go in terms of recovering lost performance relative to clean "non-corrupt" settings, warranting more research in this direction. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/allenai/robustnav" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 8.MViT: Mask Vision Transformer for Facial Expression Recognition in the wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04520.pdf)
>  Facial Expression Recognition (FER) in the wild is an extremely challenging task in computer vision due to variant backgrounds, low-quality facial images, and the subjectiveness of annotators. These uncertainties make it difficult for neural networks to learn robust features on limited-scale datasets. Moreover, the networks can be easily distributed by the above factors and perform incorrect decisions. Recently, vision transformer (ViT) and data-efficient image transformers (DeiT) present their significant performance in traditional classification tasks. The self-attention mechanism makes transformers obtain a global receptive field in the first layer which dramatically enhances the feature extraction capability. In this work, we first propose a novel pure transformer-based mask vision transformer (MViT) for FER in the wild, which consists of two modules: a transformer-based mask generation network (MGN) to generate a mask that can filter out complex backgrounds and occlusion of face images, and a dynamic relabeling module to rectify incorrect labels in FER datasets in the wild. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that our MViT outperforms state-of-the-art methods on RAF-DB with 88.62%, FERPlus with 89.22%, and AffectNet-7 with 64.57%, respectively, and achieves a comparable result on AffectNet-8 with 61.40%.      
### 9.Low-Rank Subspaces in GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04488.pdf)
>  The latent space of a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) has been shown to encode rich semantics within some subspaces. To identify these subspaces, researchers typically analyze the statistical information from a collection of synthesized data, and the identified subspaces tend to control image attributes globally (i.e., manipulating an attribute causes the change of an entire image). By contrast, this work introduces low-rank subspaces that enable more precise control of GAN generation. Concretely, given an arbitrary image and a region of interest (e.g., eyes of face images), we manage to relate the latent space to the image region with the Jacobian matrix and then use low-rank factorization to discover steerable latent subspaces. There are three distinguishable strengths of our approach that can be aptly called LowRankGAN. First, compared to analytic algorithms in prior work, our low-rank factorization of Jacobians is able to find the low-dimensional representation of attribute manifold, making image editing more precise and controllable. Second, low-rank factorization naturally yields a null space of attributes such that moving the latent code within it only affects the outer region of interest. Therefore, local image editing can be simply achieved by projecting an attribute vector into the null space without relying on a spatial mask as existing methods do. Third, our method can robustly work with a local region from one image for analysis yet well generalize to other images, making it much easy to use in practice. Extensive experiments on state-of-the-art GAN models (including StyleGAN2 and BigGAN) trained on various datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our LowRankGAN.      
### 10.Are VQA Systems RAD? Measuring Robustness to Augmented Data with Focused Interventions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04484.pdf)
>  Deep learning algorithms have shown promising results in visual question answering (VQA) tasks, but a more careful look reveals that they often do not understand the rich signal they are being fed with. To understand and better measure the generalization capabilities of VQA systems, we look at their robustness to counterfactually augmented data. Our proposed augmentations are designed to make a focused intervention on a specific property of the question such that the answer changes. Using these augmentations, we propose a new robustness measure, Robustness to Augmented Data (RAD), which measures the consistency of model predictions between original and augmented examples. Through extensive experimentation, we show that RAD, unlike classical accuracy measures, can quantify when state-of-the-art systems are not robust to counterfactuals. We find substantial failure cases which reveal that current VQA systems are still brittle. Finally, we connect between robustness and generalization, demonstrating the predictive power of RAD for performance on unseen augmentations.      
### 11.MoCo-Flow: Neural Motion Consensus Flow for Dynamic Humans in Stationary Monocular Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04477.pdf)
>  Synthesizing novel views of dynamic humans from stationary monocular cameras is a popular scenario. This is particularly attractive as it does not require static scenes, controlled environments, or specialized hardware. In contrast to techniques that exploit multi-view observations to constrain the modeling, given a single fixed viewpoint only, the problem of modeling the dynamic scene is significantly more under-constrained and ill-posed. In this paper, we introduce Neural Motion Consensus Flow (MoCo-Flow), a representation that models the dynamic scene using a 4D continuous time-variant function. The proposed representation is learned by an optimization which models a dynamic scene that minimizes the error of rendering all observation images. At the heart of our work lies a novel optimization formulation, which is constrained by a motion consensus regularization on the motion flow. We extensively evaluate MoCo-Flow on several datasets that contain human motions of varying complexity, and compare, both qualitatively and quantitatively, to several baseline methods and variants of our methods. Pretrained model, code, and data will be released for research purposes upon paper acceptance.      
### 12.Interpreting Deep Learning based Cerebral Palsy Prediction with Channel Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04471.pdf)
>  Early prediction of cerebral palsy is essential as it leads to early treatment and monitoring. Deep learning has shown promising results in biomedical engineering thanks to its capacity of modelling complicated data with its non-linear architecture. However, due to their complex structure, deep learning models are generally not interpretable by humans, making it difficult for clinicians to rely on the findings. In this paper, we propose a channel attention module for deep learning models to predict cerebral palsy from infants' body movements, which highlights the key features (i.e. body joints) the model identifies as important, thereby indicating why certain diagnostic results are found. To highlight the capacity of the deep network in modelling input features, we utilize raw joint positions instead of hand-crafted features. We validate our system with a real-world infant movement dataset. Our proposed channel attention module enables the visualization of the vital joints to this disease that the network considers. Our system achieves 91.67% accuracy, suppressing other state-of-the-art deep learning methods.      
### 13.SDGMNet: Statistic-based Dynamic Gradient Modulation for Local Descriptor Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04434.pdf)
>  Modifications on triplet loss that rescale the back-propagated gradients of special pairs have made significant progress on local descriptor learning. However, current gradient modulation strategies are mainly static so that they would suffer from changes of training phases or datasets. In this paper, we propose a dynamic gradient modulation, named SDGMNet, to improve triplet loss for local descriptor learning. The core of our method is formulating modulation functions with statistical characteristics which are estimated dynamically. Firstly, we perform deep analysis on back propagation of general triplet-based loss and introduce included angle for distance measure. On this basis, auto-focus modulation is employed to moderate the impact of statistically uncommon individual pairs in stochastic gradient descent optimization; probabilistic margin cuts off the gradients of proportional Siamese pairs that are believed to reach the optimum; power adjustment balances the total weights of negative pairs and positive pairs. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our novel descriptor surpasses previous state-of-the-arts on standard benchmarks including patch verification, matching and retrieval tasks.      
### 14.Noise Conditional Flow Model for Learning the Super-Resolution Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04428.pdf)
>  Fundamentally, super-resolution is ill-posed problem because a low-resolution image can be obtained from many high-resolution images. Recent studies for super-resolution cannot create diverse super-resolution images. Although SRFlow tried to account for ill-posed nature of the super-resolution by predicting multiple high-resolution images given a low-resolution image, there is room to improve the diversity and visual quality. In this paper, we propose Noise Conditional flow model for Super-Resolution, NCSR, which increases the visual quality and diversity of images through noise conditional layer. To learn more diverse data distribution, we add noise to training data. However, low-quality images are resulted from adding noise. We propose the noise conditional layer to overcome this phenomenon. The noise conditional layer makes our model generate more diverse images with higher visual quality than other works. Furthermore, we show that this layer can overcome data distribution mismatch, a problem that arises in normalizing flow models. With these benefits, NCSR outperforms baseline in diversity and visual quality and achieves better visual quality than traditional GAN-based models. We also get outperformed scores at NTIRE 2021 challenge.      
### 15.On the relation between statistical learning and perceptual distances  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04427.pdf)
>  It has been demonstrated many times that the behavior of the human visual system is connected to the statistics of natural images. Since machine learning relies on the statistics of training data as well, the above connection has interesting implications when using perceptual distances (which mimic the behavior of the human visual system) as a loss function. In this paper, we aim to unravel the non-trivial relationship between the probability distribution of the data, perceptual distances, and unsupervised machine learning. To this end, we show that perceptual sensitivity is correlated with the probability of an image in its close neighborhood. We also explore the relation between distances induced by autoencoders and the probability distribution of the data used for training them, as well as how these induced distances are correlated with human perception. Finally, we discuss why perceptual distances might not lead to noticeable gains in performance over standard Euclidean distances in common image processing tasks except when data is scarce and the perceptual distance provides regularization.      
### 16.Asymmetrical Bi-RNN for pedestrian trajectory encoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04419.pdf)
>  Pedestrian motion behavior involves a combination of individual goals and social interactions with other agents. In this article, we present a non-symmetrical bidirectional recurrent neural network architecture called U-RNN as a sequence encoder and evaluate its relevance to replace LSTMs for various forecasting models. Experimental results on the Trajnet++ benchmark show that the U-LSTM variant can yield better results regarding every available metric (ADE, FDE, Collision rate) than common LSTMs sequence encoders for a variety of approaches and interaction modules. <br>Our implementation of the asymmetrical Bi-RNNs for the Trajnet++ benchmark is available at: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/JosephGesnouin/Asymmetrical-Bi-RNNs-to-encode-pedestrian-trajectories" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 17.Stochastic Whitening Batch Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04413.pdf)
>  Batch Normalization (BN) is a popular technique for training Deep Neural Networks (DNNs). BN uses scaling and shifting to normalize activations of mini-batches to accelerate convergence and improve generalization. The recently proposed Iterative Normalization (IterNorm) method improves these properties by whitening the activations iteratively using Newton's method. However, since Newton's method initializes the whitening matrix independently at each training step, no information is shared between consecutive steps. In this work, instead of exact computation of whitening matrix at each time step, we estimate it gradually during training in an online fashion, using our proposed Stochastic Whitening Batch Normalization (SWBN) algorithm. We show that while SWBN improves the convergence rate and generalization of DNNs, its computational overhead is less than that of IterNorm. Due to the high efficiency of the proposed method, it can be easily employed in most DNN architectures with a large number of layers. We provide comprehensive experiments and comparisons between BN, IterNorm, and SWBN layers to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed technique in conventional (many-shot) image classification and few-shot classification tasks.      
### 18.Fair Feature Distillation for Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04411.pdf)
>  Fairness is becoming an increasingly crucial issue for computer vision, especially in the human-related decision systems. However, achieving algorithmic fairness, which makes a model produce indiscriminative outcomes against protected groups, is still an unresolved problem. In this paper, we devise a systematic approach which reduces algorithmic biases via feature distillation for visual recognition tasks, dubbed as MMD-based Fair Distillation (MFD). While the distillation technique has been widely used in general to improve the prediction accuracy, to the best of our knowledge, there has been no explicit work that also tries to improve fairness via distillation. Furthermore, We give a theoretical justification of our MFD on the effect of knowledge distillation and fairness. Throughout the extensive experiments, we show our MFD significantly mitigates the bias against specific minorities without any loss of the accuracy on both synthetic and real-world face datasets.      
### 19.SynthRef: Generation of Synthetic Referring Expressions for Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04403.pdf)
>  Recent advances in deep learning have brought significant progress in visual grounding tasks such as language-guided video object segmentation. However, collecting large datasets for these tasks is expensive in terms of annotation time, which represents a bottleneck. To this end, we propose a novel method, namely SynthRef, for generating synthetic referring expressions for target objects in an image (or video frame), and we also present and disseminate the first large-scale dataset with synthetic referring expressions for video object segmentation. Our experiments demonstrate that by training with our synthetic referring expressions one can improve the ability of a model to generalize across different datasets, without any additional annotation cost. Moreover, our formulation allows its application to any object detection or segmentation dataset.      
### 20.CSRNet: Cascaded Selective Resolution Network for Real-time Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04400.pdf)
>  Real-time semantic segmentation has received considerable attention due to growing demands in many practical applications, such as autonomous vehicles, robotics, etc. Existing real-time segmentation approaches often utilize feature fusion to improve segmentation accuracy. However, they fail to fully consider the feature information at different resolutions and the receptive fields of the networks are relatively limited, thereby compromising the performance. To tackle this problem, we propose a light Cascaded Selective Resolution Network (CSRNet) to improve the performance of real-time segmentation through multiple context information embedding and enhanced feature aggregation. The proposed network builds a three-stage segmentation system, which integrates feature information from low resolution to high resolution and achieves feature refinement progressively. CSRNet contains two critical modules: the Shorted Pyramid Fusion Module (SPFM) and the Selective Resolution Module (SRM). The SPFM is a computationally efficient module to incorporate the global context information and significantly enlarge the receptive field at each stage. The SRM is designed to fuse multi-resolution feature maps with various receptive fields, which assigns soft channel attentions across the feature maps and helps to remedy the problem caused by multi-scale objects. Comprehensive experiments on two well-known datasets demonstrate that the proposed CSRNet effectively improves the performance for real-time segmentation.      
### 21.Multi-frame sequence generator of 4D human body motion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04387.pdf)
>  We examine the problem of generating temporally and spatially dense 4D human body motion. On the one hand generative modeling has been extensively studied as a per time-frame static fitting problem for dense 3D models such as mesh representations, where the temporal aspect is left out of the generative model. On the other hand, temporal generative models exist for sparse human models such as marker-based capture representations, but have not to our knowledge been extended to dense 3D shapes. We propose to bridge this gap with a generative auto-encoder-based framework, which encodes morphology, global locomotion including translation and rotation, and multi-frame temporal motion as a single latent space vector. To assess its generalization and factorization abilities, we train our model on a cyclic locomotion subset of AMASS, leveraging the dense surface models it provides for an extensive set of motion captures. Our results validate the ability of the model to reconstruct 4D sequences of human locomotions within a low error bound, and the meaningfulness of latent space interpolation between latent vectors representing different multi-frame sequences and locomotion types. We also illustrate the benefits of the approach for 4D human motion prediction of future frames from initial human locomotion frames, showing promising abilities of our model to learn realistic spatio-temporal features of human motion. We show that our model allows for data completion of both spatially and temporally sparse data.      
### 22.Segmentation and ABCD rule extraction for skin tumors classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04372.pdf)
>  During the last years, computer vision-based diagnosis systems have been widely used in several hospitals and dermatology clinics, aiming at the early detection of malignant melanoma tumor, which is among the most frequent types of skin cancer. In this work, we present an automated diagnosis system based on the ABCD rule used in clinical diagnosis in order to discriminate benign from malignant skin lesions. First, to reduce the influence of small structures, a preprocessing step based on morphological and fast marching schemes is used. In the second step, an unsupervised approach for lesion segmentation is proposed. Iterative thresholding is applied to initialize level set automatically. As the detection of an automated border is an important step for the correctness of subsequent phases in the computerized melanoma recognition systems, we compare its accuracy with growcut and mean shift algorithms, and discuss how these results may influence in the following steps: the feature extraction and the final lesion classification. Relying on visual diagnosis four features: Asymmetry (A), Border (B), Color (C) and Diversity (D) are computed and used to construct a classification module based on artificial neural network for the recognition of malignant melanoma. This framework has been tested on a dermoscopic database [16] of 320 images. The classification results show an increasing true detection rate and a decreasing false positive rate.      
### 23.An Intelligent Hybrid Model for Identity Document Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04345.pdf)
>  Digitization, i.e., the process of converting information into a digital format, may provide various opportunities (e.g., increase in productivity, disaster recovery, and environmentally friendly solutions) and challenges for businesses. In this context, one of the main challenges would be to accurately classify numerous scanned documents uploaded every day by customers as usual business processes. For example, processes in banking (e.g., applying for loans) or the Government Registry of BDM (Births, Deaths, and Marriages) applications may involve uploading several documents such as a driver's license and passport. There are not many studies available to address the challenge as an application of image classification. Although some studies are available which used various methods, a more accurate model is still required. The current study has proposed a robust fusion model to define the type of identity documents accurately. The proposed approach is based on two different methods in which images are classified based on their visual features and text features. A novel model based on statistics and regression has been proposed to calculate the confidence level for the feature-based classifier. A fuzzy-mean fusion model has been proposed to combine the classifier results based on their confidence score. The proposed approach has been implemented using Python and experimentally validated on synthetic and real-world datasets. The performance of the proposed model is evaluated using the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve analysis.      
### 24.Progressive Spatio-Temporal Bilinear Network with Monte Carlo Dropout for Landmark-based Facial Expression Recognition with Uncertainty Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04332.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have been widely used for feature learning in facial expression recognition systems. However, small datasets and large intra-class variability can lead to overfitting. In this paper, we propose a method which learns an optimized compact network topology for real-time facial expression recognition utilizing localized facial landmark features. Our method employs a spatio-temporal bilinear layer as backbone to capture the motion of facial landmarks during the execution of a facial expression effectively. Besides, it takes advantage of Monte Carlo Dropout to capture the model's uncertainty which is of great importance to analyze and treat uncertain cases. The performance of our method is evaluated on three widely used datasets and it is comparable to that of video-based state-of-the-art methods while it has much less complexity.      
### 25.Contrastive Representation Learning for Hand Shape Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04324.pdf)
>  This work presents improvements in monocular hand shape estimation by building on top of recent advances in unsupervised learning. We extend momentum contrastive learning and contribute a structured collection of hand images, well suited for visual representation learning, which we call HanCo. We find that the representation learned by established contrastive learning methods can be improved significantly by exploiting advanced background removal techniques and multi-view information. These allow us to generate more diverse instance pairs than those obtained by augmentations commonly used in exemplar based approaches. Our method leads to a more suitable representation for the hand shape estimation task and shows a 4.7% reduction in mesh error and a 3.6% improvement in F-score compared to an ImageNet pretrained baseline. We make our benchmark dataset publicly available, to encourage further research into this direction.      
### 26.A Synchronized Reprojection-based Model for 3D Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04274.pdf)
>  3D human pose estimation is still a challenging problem despite the large amount of work that has been done in this field. Generally, most methods directly use neural networks and ignore certain constraints (e.g., reprojection constraints and joint angle and bone length constraints). This paper proposes a weakly supervised GAN-based model for 3D human pose estimation that considers 3D information along with 2D information simultaneously, in which a reprojection network is employed to learn the mapping of the distribution from 3D poses to 2D poses. In particular, we train the reprojection network and the generative adversarial network synchronously. Furthermore, inspired by the typical kinematic chain space (KCS) matrix, we propose a weighted KCS matrix, which is added into the discriminator's input to impose joint angle and bone length constraints. The experimental results on Human3.6M show that our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods by approximately 5.1\%.      
### 27.HPRNet: Hierarchical Point Regression for Whole-Body Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04269.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a new bottom-up one-stage method for whole-body pose estimation, which we name "hierarchical point regression," or HPRNet for short, referring to the network that implements this method. To handle the scale variance among different body parts, we build a hierarchical point representation of body parts and jointly regress them. Unlike the existing two-stage methods, our method predicts whole-body pose in a constant time independent of the number of people in an image. On the COCO WholeBody dataset, HPRNet significantly outperforms all previous bottom-up methods on the keypoint detection of all whole-body parts (i.e. body, foot, face and hand); it also achieves state-of-the-art results in the face (75.4 AP) and hand (50.4 AP) keypoint detection. Code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nerminsamet/HPRNet.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 28.Demystifying Local Vision Transformer: Sparse Connectivity, Weight Sharing, and Dynamic Weight  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04263.pdf)
>  Vision Transformer (ViT) attains state-of-the-art performance in visual recognition, and the variant, Local Vision Transformer, makes further improvements. The major component in Local Vision Transformer, local attention, performs the attention separately over small local windows. We rephrase local attention as a channel-wise locally-connected layer and analyze it from two network regularization manners, sparse connectivity and weight sharing, as well as weight computation. Sparse connectivity: there is no connection across channels, and each position is connected to the positions within a small local window. Weight sharing: the connection weights for one position are shared across channels or within each group of channels. Dynamic weight: the connection weights are dynamically predicted according to each image instance. We point out that local attention resembles depth-wise convolution and its dynamic version in sparse connectivity. The main difference lies in weight sharing - depth-wise convolution shares connection weights (kernel weights) across spatial positions. We empirically observe that the models based on depth-wise convolution and the dynamic variant with lower computation complexity perform on-par with or sometimes slightly better than Swin Transformer, an instance of Local Vision Transformer, for ImageNet classification, COCO object detection and ADE semantic segmentation. These observations suggest that Local Vision Transformer takes advantage of two regularization forms and dynamic weight to increase the network capacity.      
### 29.On the role of feedback in visual processing: a predictive coding perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04225.pdf)
>  Brain-inspired machine learning is gaining increasing consideration, particularly in computer vision. Several studies investigated the inclusion of top-down feedback connections in convolutional networks; however, it remains unclear how and when these connections are functionally helpful. Here we address this question in the context of object recognition under noisy conditions. We consider deep convolutional networks (CNNs) as models of feed-forward visual processing and implement Predictive Coding (PC) dynamics through feedback connections (predictive feedback) trained for reconstruction or classification of clean images. To directly assess the computational role of predictive feedback in various experimental situations, we optimize and interpret the hyper-parameters controlling the network's recurrent dynamics. That is, we let the optimization process determine whether top-down connections and predictive coding dynamics are functionally beneficial. Across different model depths and architectures (3-layer CNN, ResNet18, and EfficientNetB0) and against various types of noise (CIFAR100-C), we find that the network increasingly relies on top-down predictions as the noise level increases; in deeper networks, this effect is most prominent at lower layers. In addition, the accuracy of the network implementing PC dynamics significantly increases over time-steps, compared to its equivalent forward network. All in all, our results provide novel insights relevant to Neuroscience by confirming the computational role of feedback connections in sensory systems, and to Machine Learning by revealing how these can improve the robustness of current vision models.      
### 30.On the use of automatically generated synthetic image datasets for benchmarking face recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04215.pdf)
>  The availability of large-scale face datasets has been key in the progress of face recognition. However, due to licensing issues or copyright infringement, some datasets are not available anymore (e.g. MS-Celeb-1M). Recent advances in Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), to synthesize realistic face images, provide a pathway to replace real datasets by synthetic datasets, both to train and benchmark face recognition (FR) systems. The work presented in this paper provides a study on benchmarking FR systems using a synthetic dataset. First, we introduce the proposed methodology to generate a synthetic dataset, without the need for human intervention, by exploiting the latent structure of a StyleGAN2 model with multiple controlled factors of variation. Then, we confirm that (i) the generated synthetic identities are not data subjects from the GAN's training dataset, which is verified on a synthetic dataset with 10K+ identities; (ii) benchmarking results on the synthetic dataset are a good substitution, often providing error rates and system ranking similar to the benchmarking on the real dataset.      
### 31.Grapevine Winter Pruning Automation: On Potential Pruning Points Detection through 2D Plant Modeling using Grapevine Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04208.pdf)
>  Grapevine winter pruning is a complex task, that requires skilled workers to execute it correctly. The complexity of this task is also the reason why it is time consuming. Considering that this operation takes about 80-120 hours/ha to be completed, and therefore is even more crucial in large-size vineyards, an automated system can help to speed up the process. To this end, this paper presents a novel multidisciplinary approach that tackles this challenging task by performing object segmentation on grapevine images, used to create a representative model of the grapevine plants. Second, a set of potential pruning points is generated from this plant representation. We will describe (a) a methodology for data acquisition and annotation, (b) a neural network fine-tuning for grapevine segmentation, (c) an image processing based method for creating the representative model of grapevines, starting from the inferred segmentation and (d) potential pruning points detection and localization, based on the plant model which is a simplification of the grapevine structure. With this approach, we are able to identify a significant set of potential pruning points on the canes, that can be used, with further selection, to derive the final set of the real pruning points.      
### 32.Learning by Distillation: A Self-Supervised Learning Framework for Optical Flow Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04195.pdf)
>  We present DistillFlow, a knowledge distillation approach to learning optical flow. DistillFlow trains multiple teacher models and a student model, where challenging transformations are applied to the input of the student model to generate hallucinated occlusions as well as less confident predictions. Then, a self-supervised learning framework is constructed: confident predictions from teacher models are served as annotations to guide the student model to learn optical flow for those less confident predictions. The self-supervised learning framework enables us to effectively learn optical flow from unlabeled data, not only for non-occluded pixels, but also for occluded pixels. DistillFlow achieves state-of-the-art unsupervised learning performance on both KITTI and Sintel datasets. Our self-supervised pre-trained model also provides an excellent initialization for supervised fine-tuning, suggesting an alternate training paradigm in contrast to current supervised learning methods that highly rely on pre-training on synthetic data. At the time of writing, our fine-tuned models ranked 1st among all monocular methods on the KITTI 2015 benchmark, and outperform all published methods on the Sintel Final benchmark. More importantly, we demonstrate the generalization capability of DistillFlow in three aspects: framework generalization, correspondence generalization and cross-dataset generalization.      
### 33.LipSync3D: Data-Efficient Learning of Personalized 3D Talking Faces from Video using Pose and Lighting Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04185.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a video-based learning framework for animating personalized 3D talking faces from audio. We introduce two training-time data normalizations that significantly improve data sample efficiency. First, we isolate and represent faces in a normalized space that decouples 3D geometry, head pose, and texture. This decomposes the prediction problem into regressions over the 3D face shape and the corresponding 2D texture atlas. Second, we leverage facial symmetry and approximate albedo constancy of skin to isolate and remove spatio-temporal lighting variations. Together, these normalizations allow simple networks to generate high fidelity lip-sync videos under novel ambient illumination while training with just a single speaker-specific video. Further, to stabilize temporal dynamics, we introduce an auto-regressive approach that conditions the model on its previous visual state. Human ratings and objective metrics demonstrate that our method outperforms contemporary state-of-the-art audio-driven video reenactment benchmarks in terms of realism, lip-sync and visual quality scores. We illustrate several applications enabled by our framework.      
### 34.Image2Point: 3D Point-Cloud Understanding with Pretrained 2D ConvNets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04180.pdf)
>  3D point-clouds and 2D images are different visual representations of the physical world. While human vision can understand both representations, computer vision models designed for 2D image and 3D point-cloud understanding are quite different. Our paper investigates the potential for transferability between these two representations by empirically investigating whether this approach works, what factors affect the transfer performance, and how to make it work even better. We discovered that we can indeed use the same neural net model architectures to understand both images and point-clouds. Moreover, we can transfer pretrained weights from image models to point-cloud models with minimal effort. Specifically, based on a 2D ConvNet pretrained on an image dataset, we can transfer the image model to a point-cloud model by \textit{inflating} 2D convolutional filters to 3D then finetuning its input, output, and optionally normalization layers. The transferred model can achieve competitive performance on 3D point-cloud classification, indoor and driving scene segmentation, even beating a wide range of point-cloud models that adopt task-specific architectures and use a variety of tricks.      
### 35.White Paper Assistance: A Step Forward Beyond the Shortcut Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04178.pdf)
>  The promising performances of CNNs often overshadow the need to examine whether they are doing in the way we are actually interested. We show through experiments that even over-parameterized models would still solve a dataset by recklessly leveraging spurious correlations, or so-called 'shortcuts'. To combat with this unintended propensity, we borrow the idea of printer test page and propose a novel approach called White Paper Assistance. Our proposed method involves the white paper to detect the extent to which the model has preference for certain characterized patterns and alleviates it by forcing the model to make a random guess on the white paper. We show the consistent accuracy improvements that are manifest in various architectures, datasets and combinations with other techniques. Experiments have also demonstrated the versatility of our approach on fine-grained recognition, imbalanced classification and robustness to corruptions.      
### 36.Highly accurate digital traffic recording as a basis for future mobility research: Methods and concepts of the research project HDV-Mess  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04175.pdf)
>  The research project HDV-Mess aims at a currently missing, but very crucial component for addressing important challenges in the field of connected and automated driving on public roads. The goal is to record traffic events at various relevant locations with high accuracy and to collect real traffic data as a basis for the development and validation of current and future sensor technologies as well as automated driving functions. For this purpose, it is necessary to develop a concept for a mobile modular system of measuring stations for highly accurate traffic data acquisition, which enables a temporary installation of a sensor and communication infrastructure at different locations. Within this paper, we first discuss the project goals before we present our traffic detection concept using mobile modular intelligent transport systems stations (ITS-Ss). We then explain the approaches for data processing of sensor raw data to refined trajectories, data communication, and data validation.      
### 37.On Improving Adversarial Transferability of Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04169.pdf)
>  Vision transformers (ViTs) process input images as sequences of patches via self-attention; a radically different architecture than convolutional neural networks (CNNs). This makes it interesting to study the adversarial feature space of ViT models and their transferability. In particular, we observe that adversarial patterns found via conventional adversarial attacks show very low black-box transferability even for large ViT models. However, we show that this phenomenon is only due to the sub-optimal attack procedures that do not leverage the true representation potential of ViTs. A deep ViT is composed of multiple blocks, with a consistent architecture comprising of self-attention and feed-forward layers, where each block is capable of independently producing a class token. Formulating an attack using only the last class token (conventional approach) does not directly leverage the discriminative information stored in the earlier tokens, leading to poor adversarial transferability of ViTs. Using the compositional nature of ViT models, we enhance the transferability of existing attacks by introducing two novel strategies specific to the architecture of ViT models. (i) Self-Ensemble: We propose a method to find multiple discriminative pathways by dissecting a single ViT model into an ensemble of networks. This allows explicitly utilizing class-specific information at each ViT block. (ii) Token Refinement: We then propose to refine the tokens to further enhance the discriminative capacity at each block of ViT. Our token refinement systematically combines the class tokens with structural information preserved within the patch tokens. An adversarial attack, when applied to such refined tokens within the ensemble of classifiers found in a single vision transformer, has significantly higher transferability.      
### 38.Cross-Domain Gradient Discrepancy Minimization for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04151.pdf)
>  Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) aims to generalize the knowledge learned from a well-labeled source domain to an unlabeled target domain. Recently, adversarial domain adaptation with two distinct classifiers (bi-classifier) has been introduced into UDA which is effective to align distributions between different domains. Previous bi-classifier adversarial learning methods only focus on the similarity between the outputs of two distinct classifiers. However, the similarity of the outputs cannot guarantee the accuracy of target samples, i.e., target samples may match to wrong categories even if the discrepancy between two classifiers is small. To challenge this issue, in this paper, we propose a cross-domain gradient discrepancy minimization (CGDM) method which explicitly minimizes the discrepancy of gradients generated by source samples and target samples. Specifically, the gradient gives a cue for the semantic information of target samples so it can be used as a good supervision to improve the accuracy of target samples. In order to compute the gradient signal of target samples, we further obtain target pseudo labels through a clustering-based self-supervised learning. Extensive experiments on three widely used UDA datasets show that our method surpasses many previous state-of-the-arts. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lijin118/CGDM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 39.Few-Shot Action Localization without Knowing Boundaries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04150.pdf)
>  Learning to localize actions in long, cluttered, and untrimmed videos is a hard task, that in the literature has typically been addressed assuming the availability of large amounts of annotated training samples for each class -- either in a fully-supervised setting, where action boundaries are known, or in a weakly-supervised setting, where only class labels are known for each video. In this paper, we go a step further and show that it is possible to learn to localize actions in untrimmed videos when a) only one/few trimmed examples of the target action are available at test time, and b) when a large collection of videos with only class label annotation (some trimmed and some weakly annotated untrimmed ones) are available for training; with no overlap between the classes used during training and testing. To do so, we propose a network that learns to estimate Temporal Similarity Matrices (TSMs) that model a fine-grained similarity pattern between pairs of videos (trimmed or untrimmed), and uses them to generate Temporal Class Activation Maps (TCAMs) for seen or unseen classes. The TCAMs serve as temporal attention mechanisms to extract video-level representations of untrimmed videos, and to temporally localize actions at test time. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to propose a weakly-supervised, one/few-shot action localization network that can be trained in an end-to-end fashion. Experimental results on THUMOS14 and ActivityNet1.2 datasets, show that our method achieves performance comparable or better to state-of-the-art fully-supervised, few-shot learning methods.      
### 40.Adversarial Semantic Hallucination for Domain Generalized Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04144.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks may perform poorly when the test and train data are from different domains. While this problem can be mitigated by using the target domain data to align the source and target domain feature representations, the target domain data may be unavailable due to privacy concerns. Consequently, there is a need for methods that generalize well without access to target domain data during training. In this work, we propose an adversarial hallucination approach, which combines a class-wise hallucination module and a semantic segmentation module. Since the segmentation performance varies across different classes, we design a semantic-conditioned style hallucination layer to adaptively stylize each class. The classwise stylization parameters are generated from the semantic knowledge in the segmentation probability maps of the source domain image. Both modules compete adversarially, with the hallucination module generating increasingly 'difficult' style images to challenge the segmentation module. In response, the segmentation module improves its performance as it is trained with generated samples at an appropriate class-wise difficulty level. Experiments on state of the art domain adaptation work demonstrate the efficacy of our proposed method when no target domain data are available for training.      
### 41.Image Deformation Estimation via Multi-Objective Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04139.pdf)
>  The free-form deformation model can represent a wide range of non-rigid deformations by manipulating a control point lattice over the image. However, due to a large number of parameters, it is challenging to fit the free-form deformation model directly to the deformed image for deformation estimation because of the complexity of the fitness landscape. In this paper, we cast the registration task as a multi-objective optimization problem (MOP) according to the fact that regions affected by each control point overlap with each other. Specifically, by partitioning the template image into several regions and measuring the similarity of each region independently, multiple objectives are built and deformation estimation can thus be realized by solving the MOP with off-the-shelf multi-objective evolutionary algorithms (MOEAs). In addition, a coarse-to-fine strategy is realized by image pyramid combined with control point mesh subdivision. Specifically, the optimized candidate solutions of the current image level are inherited by the next level, which increases the ability to deal with large deformation. Also, a post-processing procedure is proposed to generate a single output utilizing the Pareto optimal solutions. Comparative experiments on both synthetic and real-world images show the effectiveness and usefulness of our deformation estimation method.      
### 42.Conversational Fashion Image Retrieval via Multiturn Natural Language Feedback  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04128.pdf)
>  We study the task of conversational fashion image retrieval via multiturn natural language feedback. Most previous studies are based on single-turn settings. Existing models on multiturn conversational fashion image retrieval have limitations, such as employing traditional models, and leading to ineffective performance. We propose a novel framework that can effectively handle conversational fashion image retrieval with multiturn natural language feedback texts. One characteristic of the framework is that it searches for candidate images based on exploitation of the encoded reference image and feedback text information together with the conversation history. Furthermore, the image fashion attribute information is leveraged via a mutual attention strategy. Since there is no existing fashion dataset suitable for the multiturn setting of our task, we derive a large-scale multiturn fashion dataset via additional manual annotation efforts on an existing single-turn dataset. The experiments show that our proposed model significantly outperforms existing state-of-the-art methods.      
### 43.Left Ventricle Contouring in Cardiac Images Based on Deep Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04127.pdf)
>  Medical image segmentation is one of the important tasks of computer-aided diagnosis in medical image analysis. Since most medical images have the characteristics of blurred boundaries and uneven intensity distribution, through existing segmentation methods, the discontinuity within the target area and the discontinuity of the target boundary are likely to lead to rough or even erroneous boundary delineation. In this paper, we propose a new iterative refined interactive segmentation method for medical images based on agent reinforcement learning, which focuses on the problem of target segmentation boundaries. We model the dynamic process of drawing the target contour in a certain order as a Markov Decision Process (MDP) based on a deep reinforcement learning method. In the dynamic process of continuous interaction between the agent and the image, the agent tracks the boundary point by point in order within a limited length range until the contour of the target is completely drawn. In this process, the agent can quickly improve the segmentation performance by exploring an interactive policy in the image. The method we proposed is simple and effective. At the same time, we evaluate our method on the cardiac MRI scan data set. Experimental results show that our method has a better segmentation effect on the left ventricle in a small number of medical image data sets, especially in terms of segmentation boundaries, this method is better than existing methods. Based on our proposed method, the dynamic generation process of the predicted contour trajectory of the left ventricle will be displayed online at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/H1997ym/LV-contour-trajectory" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 44.Multi-dataset Pretraining: A Unified Model for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04121.pdf)
>  Collecting annotated data for semantic segmentation is time-consuming and hard to scale up. In this paper, we for the first time propose a unified framework, termed as Multi-Dataset Pretraining, to take full advantage of the fragmented annotations of different datasets. The highlight is that the annotations from different domains can be efficiently reused and consistently boost performance for each specific domain. This is achieved by first pretraining the network via the proposed pixel-to-prototype contrastive loss over multiple datasets regardless of their taxonomy labels, and followed by fine-tuning the pretrained model over specific dataset as usual. In order to better model the relationship among images and classes from different datasets, we extend the pixel level embeddings via cross dataset mixing and propose a pixel-to-class sparse coding strategy that explicitly models the pixel-class similarity over the manifold embedding space. In this way, we are able to increase intra-class compactness and inter-class separability, as well as considering inter-class similarity across different datasets for better transferability. Experiments conducted on several benchmarks demonstrate its superior performance. Notably, MDP consistently outperforms the pretrained models over ImageNet by a considerable margin, while only using less than 10% samples for pretraining.      
### 45.Harnessing Unrecognizable Faces for Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04112.pdf)
>  The common implementation of face recognition systems as a cascade of a detection stage and a recognition or verification stage can cause problems beyond failures of the detector. When the detector succeeds, it can detect faces that cannot be recognized, no matter how capable the recognition system. Recognizability, a latent variable, should therefore be factored into the design and implementation of face recognition systems. We propose a measure of recognizability of a face image that leverages a key empirical observation: an embedding of face images, implemented by a deep neural network trained using mostly recognizable identities, induces a partition of the hypersphere whereby unrecognizable identities cluster together. This occurs regardless of the phenomenon that causes a face to be unrecognizable, it be optical or motion blur, partial occlusion, spatial quantization, poor illumination. Therefore, we use the distance from such an "unrecognizable identity" as a measure of recognizability, and incorporate it in the design of the over-all system. We show that accounting for recognizability reduces error rate of single-image face recognition by 58% at FAR=1e-5 on the IJB-C Covariate Verification benchmark, and reduces verification error rate by 24% at FAR=1e-5 in set-based recognition on the IJB-C benchmark.      
### 46.Fully Transformer Networks for Semantic ImageSegmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04108.pdf)
>  Transformers have shown impressive performance in various natural language processing and computer vision tasks, due to the capability of modeling long-range dependencies. Recent progress has demonstrated to combine such transformers with CNN-based semantic image segmentation models is very promising. However, it is not well studied yet on how well a pure transformer based approach can achieve for image segmentation. In this work, we explore a novel framework for semantic image segmentation, which is encoder-decoder based Fully Transformer Networks (FTN). Specifically, we first propose a Pyramid Group Transformer (PGT) as the encoder for progressively learning hierarchical features, while reducing the computation complexity of the standard visual transformer(ViT). Then, we propose a Feature Pyramid Transformer (FPT) to fuse semantic-level and spatial-level information from multiple levels of the PGT encoder for semantic image segmentation. Surprisingly, this simple baseline can achieve new state-of-the-art results on multiple challenging semantic segmentation benchmarks, including PASCAL Context, ADE20K and COCO-Stuff. The source code will be released upon the publication of this work.      
### 47.Design of Low-Artifact Interpolation Kernels by Means of Computer Algebra  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04104.pdf)
>  We present a number of new piecewise-polynomial kernels for image interpolation. The kernels are constructed by optimizing a measure of interpolation quality based on the magnitude of anisotropic artifacts. The kernel design process is performed symbolically using Mathematica computer algebra system. Experimental evaluation involving 14 image quality assessment methods demonstrates that our results compare favorably with the existing linear interpolators.      
### 48.Diverse Part Discovery: Occluded Person Re-identification with Part-Aware Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04095.pdf)
>  Occluded person re-identification (Re-ID) is a challenging task as persons are frequently occluded by various obstacles or other persons, especially in the crowd scenario. To address these issues, we propose a novel end-to-end Part-Aware Transformer (PAT) for occluded person Re-ID through diverse part discovery via a transformer encoderdecoder architecture, including a pixel context based transformer encoder and a part prototype based transformer decoder. The proposed PAT model enjoys several merits. First, to the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to exploit the transformer encoder-decoder architecture for occluded person Re-ID in a unified deep model. Second, to learn part prototypes well with only identity labels, we design two effective mechanisms including part diversity and part discriminability. Consequently, we can achieve diverse part discovery for occluded person Re-ID in a weakly supervised manner. Extensive experimental results on six challenging benchmarks for three tasks (occluded, partial and holistic Re-ID) demonstrate that our proposed PAT performs favorably against stat-of-the-art methods.      
### 49.Variational AutoEncoder for Reference based Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04090.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel reference based image super-resolution approach via Variational AutoEncoder (RefVAE). Existing state-of-the-art methods mainly focus on single image super-resolution which cannot perform well on large upsampling factors, e.g., 8$\times$. We propose a reference based image super-resolution, for which any arbitrary image can act as a reference for super-resolution. Even using random map or low-resolution image itself, the proposed RefVAE can transfer the knowledge from the reference to the super-resolved images. Depending upon different references, the proposed method can generate different versions of super-resolved images from a hidden super-resolution space. Besides using different datasets for some standard evaluations with PSNR and SSIM, we also took part in the NTIRE2021 SR Space challenge and have provided results of the randomness evaluation of our approach. Compared to other state-of-the-art methods, our approach achieves higher diverse scores.      
### 50.Salvage of Supervision in Weakly Supervised Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04073.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised object detection (WSOD) has recently attracted much attention. However, the method, performance and speed gaps between WSOD and fully supervised detection prevent WSOD from being applied in real-world tasks. To bridge the gaps, this paper proposes a new framework, Salvage of Supervision (SoS), with the key idea being to harness every potentially useful supervisory signal in WSOD: the weak image-level labels, the pseudo-labels, and the power of semi-supervised object detection. This paper shows that each type of supervisory signal brings in notable improvements, outperforms existing WSOD methods (which mainly use only the weak labels) by large margins. The proposed SoS-WSOD method achieves 64.4 $m\text{AP}_{50}$ on VOC2007, 61.9 $m\text{AP}_{50}$ on VOC2012 and 16.4 $m\text{AP}_{50:95}$ on MS-COCO, and also has fast inference speed. Ablations and visualization further verify the effectiveness of SoS.      
### 51.LocalTrans: A Multiscale Local Transformer Network for Cross-Resolution Homography Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04067.pdf)
>  Cross-resolution image alignment is a key problem in multiscale gigapixel photography, which requires to estimate homography matrix using images with large resolution gap. Existing deep homography methods concatenate the input images or features, neglecting the explicit formulation of correspondences between them, which leads to degraded accuracy in cross-resolution challenges. In this paper, we consider the cross-resolution homography estimation as a multimodal problem, and propose a local transformer network embedded within a multiscale structure to explicitly learn correspondences between the multimodal inputs, namely, input images with different resolutions. The proposed local transformer adopts a local attention map specifically for each position in the feature. By combining the local transformer with the multiscale structure, the network is able to capture long-short range correspondences efficiently and accurately. Experiments on both the MS-COCO dataset and the real-captured cross-resolution dataset show that the proposed network outperforms existing state-of-the-art feature-based and deep-learning-based homography estimation methods, and is able to accurately align images under $10\times$ resolution gap.      
### 52.Semantically Controllable Scene Generation with Guidance of Explicit Knowledge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04066.pdf)
>  Deep Generative Models (DGMs) are known for their superior capability in generating realistic data. Extending purely data-driven approaches, recent specialized DGMs may satisfy additional controllable requirements such as embedding a traffic sign in a driving scene, by manipulating patterns \textit{implicitly} in the neuron or feature level. In this paper, we introduce a novel method to incorporate domain knowledge \textit{explicitly} in the generation process to achieve semantically controllable scene generation. We categorize our knowledge into two types to be consistent with the composition of natural scenes, where the first type represents the property of objects and the second type represents the relationship among objects. We then propose a tree-structured generative model to learn complex scene representation, whose nodes and edges are naturally corresponding to the two types of knowledge respectively. Knowledge can be explicitly integrated to enable semantically controllable scene generation by imposing semantic rules on properties of nodes and edges in the tree structure. We construct a synthetic example to illustrate the controllability and explainability of our method in a clean setting. We further extend the synthetic example to realistic autonomous vehicle driving environments and conduct extensive experiments to show that our method efficiently identifies adversarial traffic scenes against different state-of-the-art 3D point cloud segmentation models satisfying the traffic rules specified as the explicit knowledge.      
### 53.Affinity Attention Graph Neural Network for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04054.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised semantic segmentation is receiving great attention due to its low human annotation cost. In this paper, we aim to tackle bounding box supervised semantic segmentation, i.e., training accurate semantic segmentation models using bounding box annotations as supervision. To this end, we propose Affinity Attention Graph Neural Network ($A^2$GNN). Following previous practices, we first generate pseudo semantic-aware seeds, which are then formed into semantic graphs based on our newly proposed affinity Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). Then the built graphs are input to our $A^2$GNN, in which an affinity attention layer is designed to acquire the short- and long- distance information from soft graph edges to accurately propagate semantic labels from the confident seeds to the unlabeled pixels. However, to guarantee the precision of the seeds, we only adopt a limited number of confident pixel seed labels for $A^2$GNN, which may lead to insufficient supervision for training. To alleviate this issue, we further introduce a new loss function and a consistency-checking mechanism to leverage the bounding box constraint, so that more reliable guidance can be included for the model optimization. Experiments show that our approach achieves new state-of-the-art performances on Pascal VOC 2012 datasets (val: 76.5\%, test: 75.2\%). More importantly, our approach can be readily applied to bounding box supervised instance segmentation task or other weakly supervised semantic segmentation tasks, with state-of-the-art or comparable performance among almot all weakly supervised tasks on PASCAL VOC or COCO dataset. Our source code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zbf1991/A2GNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 54.Discriminative Triad Matching and Reconstruction for Weakly Referring Expression Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04053.pdf)
>  In this paper, we are tackling the weakly-supervised referring expression grounding task, for the localization of a referent object in an image according to a query sentence, where the mapping between image regions and queries are not available during the training stage. In traditional methods, an object region that best matches the referring expression is picked out, and then the query sentence is reconstructed from the selected region, where the reconstruction difference serves as the loss for back-propagation. The existing methods, however, conduct both the matching and the reconstruction approximately as they ignore the fact that the matching correctness is unknown. To overcome this limitation, a discriminative triad is designed here as the basis to the solution, through which a query can be converted into one or multiple discriminative triads in a very scalable way. Based on the discriminative triad, we further propose the triad-level matching and reconstruction modules which are lightweight yet effective for the weakly-supervised training, making it three times lighter and faster than the previous state-of-the-art methods. One important merit of our work is its superior performance despite the simple and neat design. Specifically, the proposed method achieves a new state-of-the-art accuracy when evaluated on RefCOCO (39.21%), RefCOCO+ (39.18%) and RefCOCOg (43.24%) datasets, that is 4.17%, 4.08% and 7.8% higher than the previous one, respectively.      
### 55.Subject-Independent Brain-Computer Interface for Decoding High-Level Visual Imagery Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04026.pdf)
>  Brain-computer interface (BCI) is used for communication between humans and devices by recognizing status and intention of humans. Communication between humans and a drone using electroencephalogram (EEG) signals is one of the most challenging issues in the BCI domain. In particular, the control of drone swarms (the direction and formation) has more advantages compared to the control of a drone. The visual imagery (VI) paradigm is that subjects visually imagine specific objects or scenes. Reduction of the variability among EEG signals of subjects is essential for practical BCI-based systems. In this study, we proposed the subepoch-wise feature encoder (SEFE) to improve the performances in the subject-independent tasks by using the VI dataset. This study is the first attempt to demonstrate the possibility of generalization among subjects in the VI-based BCI. We used the leave-one-subject-out cross-validation for evaluating the performances. We obtained higher performances when including our proposed module than excluding our proposed module. The DeepConvNet with SEFE showed the highest performance of 0.72 among six different decoding models. Hence, we demonstrated the feasibility of decoding the VI dataset in the subject-independent task with robust performances by using our proposed module.      
### 56.SpaceMeshLab: Spatial Context Memoization and Meshgrid Atrous Convolution Consensus for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04025.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation networks adopt transfer learning from image classification networks which occurs a shortage of spatial context information. For this reason, we propose Spatial Context Memoization (SpaM), a bypassing branch for spatial context by retaining the input dimension and constantly communicating its spatial context and rich semantic information mutually with the backbone network. Multi-scale context information for semantic segmentation is crucial for dealing with diverse sizes and shapes of target objects in the given scene. Conventional multi-scale context scheme adopts multiple effective receptive fields by multiple dilation rates or pooling operations, but often suffer from misalignment problem with respect to the target pixel. To this end, we propose Meshgrid Atrous Convolution Consensus (MetroCon^2) which brings multi-scale scheme into fine-grained multi-scale object context using convolutions with meshgrid-like scattered dilation rates. SpaceMeshLab (ResNet-101 + SpaM + MetroCon^2) achieves 82.0% mIoU in Cityscapes test and 53.5% mIoU on Pascal-Context validation set.      
### 57.Self-Supervised Structure-from-Motion through Tightly-Coupled Depth and Egomotion Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04007.pdf)
>  Much recent literature has formulated structure-from-motion (SfM) as a self-supervised learning problem where the goal is to jointly learn neural network models of depth and egomotion through view synthesis. Herein, we address the open problem of how to optimally couple the depth and egomotion network components. Toward this end, we introduce several notions of coupling, categorize existing approaches, and present a novel tightly-coupled approach that leverages the interdependence of depth and egomotion at training and at inference time. Our approach uses iterative view synthesis to recursively update the egomotion network input, permitting contextual information to be passed between the components without explicit weight sharing. Through substantial experiments, we demonstrate that our approach promotes consistency between the depth and egomotion predictions at test time, improves generalization on new data, and leads to state-of-the-art accuracy on indoor and outdoor depth and egomotion evaluation benchmarks.      
### 58.Task-Generic Hierarchical Human Motion Prior using VAEs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04004.pdf)
>  A deep generative model that describes human motions can benefit a wide range of fundamental computer vision and graphics tasks, such as providing robustness to video-based human pose estimation, predicting complete body movements for motion capture systems during occlusions, and assisting key frame animation with plausible movements. In this paper, we present a method for learning complex human motions independent of specific tasks using a combined global and local latent space to facilitate coarse and fine-grained modeling. Specifically, we propose a hierarchical motion variational autoencoder (HM-VAE) that consists of a 2-level hierarchical latent space. While the global latent space captures the overall global body motion, the local latent space enables to capture the refined poses of the different body parts. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our hierarchical motion variational autoencoder in a variety of tasks including video-based human pose estimation, motion completion from partial observations, and motion synthesis from sparse key-frames. Even though, our model has not been trained for any of these tasks specifically, it provides superior performance than task-specific alternatives. Our general-purpose human motion prior model can fix corrupted human body animations and generate complete movements from incomplete observations.      
### 59.Weakly Supervised Volumetric Image Segmentation with Deformed Templates  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.03987.pdf)
>  There are many approaches that use weak-supervision to train networks to segment 2D images. By contrast, existing 3D approaches rely on full-supervision of a subset of 2D slices of the 3D image volume. In this paper, we propose an approach that is truly weakly-supervised in the sense that we only need to provide a sparse set of 3D point on the surface of target objects, an easy task that can be quickly done. We use the 3D points to deform a 3D template so that it roughly matches the target object outlines and we introduce an architecture that exploits the supervision provided by coarse template to train a network to find accurate boundaries. <br>We evaluate the performance of our approach on Computed Tomography (CT), Magnetic Resonance Imagery (MRI) and Electron Microscopy (EM) image datasets. We will show that it outperforms a more traditional approach to weak-supervision in 3D at a reduced supervision cost.      
### 60.Novel View Video Prediction Using a Dual Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.03956.pdf)
>  We address the problem of novel view video prediction; given a set of input video clips from a single/multiple views, our network is able to predict the video from a novel view. The proposed approach does not require any priors and is able to predict the video from wider angular distances, upto 45 degree, as compared to the recent studies predicting small variations in viewpoint. Moreover, our method relies only onRGB frames to learn a dual representation which is used to generate the video from a novel viewpoint. The dual representation encompasses a view-dependent and a global representation which incorporates complementary details to enable novel view video prediction. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our framework on two real world datasets: NTU-RGB+D and CMU Panoptic. A comparison with the State-of-the-art novel view video prediction methods shows an improvement of 26.1% in SSIM, 13.6% in PSNR, and 60% inFVD scores without using explicit priors from target views.      
### 61.Progressive Multi-scale Fusion Network for RGB-D Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.03941.pdf)
>  Salient object detection(SOD) aims at locating the most significant object within a given image. In recent years, great progress has been made in applying SOD on many vision tasks. The depth map could provide additional spatial prior and boundary cues to boost the performance. Combining the depth information with image data obtained from standard visual cameras has been widely used in recent SOD works, however, introducing depth information in a suboptimal fusion strategy may have negative influence in the performance of SOD. In this paper, we discuss about the advantages of the so-called progressive multi-scale fusion method and propose a mask-guided feature aggregation module(MGFA). The proposed framework can effectively combine the two features of different modalities and, furthermore, alleviate the impact of erroneous depth features, which are inevitably caused by the variation of depth quality. We further introduce a mask-guided refinement module(MGRM) to complement the high-level semantic features and reduce the irrelevant features from multi-scale fusion, leading to an overall refinement of detection. Experiments on five challenging benchmarks demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms 11 state-of-the-art methods under different evaluation metrics.      
### 62.How to Design a Three-Stage Architecture for Audio-Visual Active Speaker Detection in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.03932.pdf)
>  Successful active speaker detection requires a three-stage pipeline: (i) audio-visual encoding for all speakers in the clip, (ii) inter-speaker relation modeling between a reference speaker and the background speakers within each frame, and (iii) temporal modeling for the reference speaker. Each stage of this pipeline plays an important role for the final performance of the created architecture. Based on a series of controlled experiments, this work presents several practical guidelines for audio-visual active speaker detection. Correspondingly, we present a new architecture called ASDNet, which achieves a new state-of-the-art on the AVA-ActiveSpeaker dataset with a mAP of 93.5% outperforming the second best with a large margin of 4.7%. Our code and pretrained models are publicly available.      
### 63.Multi-task Transformation Learning for Robust Out-of-Distribution Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.03899.pdf)
>  Detecting out-of-distribution (OOD) samples plays a key role in open-world and safety-critical applications such as autonomous systems and healthcare. Self-supervised representation learning techniques (e.g., contrastive learning and pretext learning) are well suited for learning representation that can identify OOD samples. In this paper, we propose a simple framework that leverages multi-task transformation learning for training effective representation for OOD detection which outperforms state-of-the-art OOD detection performance and robustness on several image datasets. We empirically observe that the OOD performance depends on the choice of data transformations which itself depends on the in-domain training set. To address this problem, we propose a simple mechanism for selecting the transformations automatically and modulate their effect on representation learning without requiring any OOD training samples. We characterize the criteria for a desirable OOD detector for real-world applications and demonstrate the efficacy of our proposed technique against a diverse range of the state-of-the-art OOD detection techniques.      
### 64.Meta Learning for Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04570.pdf)
>  We present Meta Learning for Knowledge Distillation (MetaDistil), a simple yet effective alternative to traditional knowledge distillation (KD) methods where the teacher model is fixed during training. We show the teacher network can learn to better transfer knowledge to the student network (i.e., learning to teach) with the feedback from the performance of the distilled student network in a meta learning framework. Moreover, we introduce a pilot update mechanism to improve the alignment between the inner-learner and meta-learner in meta learning algorithms that focus on an improved inner-learner. Experiments on various benchmarks show that MetaDistil can yield significant improvements compared with traditional KD algorithms and is less sensitive to the choice of different student capacity and hyperparameters, facilitating the use of KD on different tasks and models. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JetRunner/MetaDistil" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 65.Object Based Attention Through Internal Gating  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04540.pdf)
>  Object-based attention is a key component of the visual system, relevant for perception, learning, and memory. Neurons tuned to features of attended objects tend to be more active than those associated with non-attended objects. There is a rich set of models of this phenomenon in computational neuroscience. However, there is currently a divide between models that successfully match physiological data but can only deal with extremely simple problems and models of attention used in computer vision. For example, attention in the brain is known to depend on top-down processing, whereas self-attention in deep learning does not. Here, we propose an artificial neural network model of object-based attention that captures the way in which attention is both top-down and recurrent. Our attention model works well both on simple test stimuli, such as those using images of handwritten digits, and on more complex stimuli, such as natural images drawn from the COCO dataset. We find that our model replicates a range of findings from neuroscience, including attention-invariant tuning, inhibition of return, and attention-mediated scaling of activity. Understanding object based attention is both computationally interesting and a key problem for computational neuroscience.      
### 66.PolypGen: A multi-center polyp detection and segmentation dataset for generalisability assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04463.pdf)
>  Polyps in the colon are widely known as cancer precursors identified by colonoscopy either related to diagnostic work-up for symptoms, colorectal cancer screening or systematic surveillance of certain diseases. Whilst most polyps are benign, the number, size and the surface structure of the polyp are tightly linked to the risk of colon cancer. There exists a high missed detection rate and incomplete removal of colon polyps due to the variable nature, difficulties to delineate the abnormality, high recurrence rates and the anatomical topography of the colon. In the past, several methods have been built to automate polyp detection and segmentation. However, the key issue of most methods is that they have not been tested rigorously on a large multi-center purpose-built dataset. Thus, these methods may not generalise to different population datasets as they overfit to a specific population and endoscopic surveillance. To this extent, we have curated a dataset from 6 different centers incorporating more than 300 patients. The dataset includes both single frame and sequence data with 3446 annotated polyp labels with precise delineation of polyp boundaries verified by six senior gastroenterologists. To our knowledge, this is the most comprehensive detection and pixel-level segmentation dataset curated by a team of computational scientists and expert gastroenterologists. This dataset has been originated as the part of the Endocv2021 challenge aimed at addressing generalisability in polyp detection and segmentation. In this paper, we provide comprehensive insight into data construction and annotation strategies, annotation quality assurance and technical validation for our extended EndoCV2021 dataset which we refer to as PolypGen.      
### 67.Computer-Assisted Analysis of Biomedical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04381.pdf)
>  Nowadays, the amount of heterogeneous biomedical data is increasing more and more thanks to novel sensing techniques and high-throughput technologies. In reference to biomedical image analysis, the advances in image acquisition modalities and high-throughput imaging experiments are creating new challenges. This huge information ensemble could overwhelm the analytic capabilities needed by physicians in their daily decision-making tasks as well as by biologists investigating complex biochemical systems. In particular, quantitative imaging methods convey scientifically and clinically relevant information in prediction, prognosis or treatment response assessment, by also considering radiomics approaches. Therefore, the computational analysis of medical and biological images plays a key role in radiology and laboratory applications. In this regard, frameworks based on advanced Machine Learning and Computational Intelligence can significantly improve traditional Image Processing and Pattern Recognition approaches. However, conventional Artificial Intelligence techniques must be tailored to address the unique challenges concerning biomedical imaging data. This thesis aims at proposing novel and advanced computer-assisted methods for biomedical image analysis, also as an instrument in the development of Clinical Decision Support Systems, by always keeping in mind the clinical feasibility of the developed solutions. In conclusion, the ultimate goal of these research studies is to gain clinically and biologically useful insights that can guide differential diagnosis and therapies, leading towards biomedical data integration for personalized medicine. As a matter of fact, the proposed computer-assisted bioimage analysis methods can be beneficial for the definition of imaging biomarkers, as well as for quantitative medicine and biology.      
### 68.NWT: Towards natural audio-to-video generation with representation learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04283.pdf)
>  In this work we introduce NWT, an expressive speech-to-video model. Unlike approaches that use domain-specific intermediate representations such as pose keypoints, NWT learns its own latent representations, with minimal assumptions about the audio and video content. To this end, we propose a novel discrete variational autoencoder with adversarial loss, dVAE-Adv, which learns a new discrete latent representation we call Memcodes. Memcodes are straightforward to implement, require no additional loss terms, are stable to train compared with other approaches, and show evidence of interpretability. To predict on the Memcode space, we use an autoregressive encoder-decoder model conditioned on audio. Additionally, our model can control latent attributes in the generated video that are not annotated in the data. We train NWT on clips from HBO's Last Week Tonight with John Oliver. NWT consistently scores above other approaches in Mean Opinion Score (MOS) on tests of overall video naturalness, facial naturalness and expressiveness, and lipsync quality. This work sets a strong baseline for generalized audio-to-video synthesis. Samples are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://next-week-tonight.github.io/NWT/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 69.Generative adversarial network with object detector discriminator for enhanced defect detection on ultrasonic B-scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04281.pdf)
>  Non-destructive testing is a set of techniques for defect detection in materials. While the set of imaging techniques are manifold, ultrasonic imaging is the one used the most. The analysis is mainly performed by human inspectors manually analyzing recorded images. The low number of defects in real ultrasonic inspections and legal issues considering data from such inspections make it difficult to obtain proper results from automatic ultrasonic image (B-scan) analysis. In this paper, we present a novel deep learning Generative Adversarial Network model for generating ultrasonic B-scans with defects in distinct locations. Furthermore, we show that generated B-scans can be used for synthetic data augmentation, and can improve the performance of deep convolutional neural object detection networks. Our novel method is demonstrated on a dataset of almost 4000 B-scans with more than 6000 annotated defects. Defect detection performance when training on real data yielded average precision of 71%. By training only on generated data the results increased to 72.1%, and by mixing generated and real data we achieve 75.7% average precision. We believe that synthetic data generation can generalize to other challenges with limited datasets and could be used for training human personnel.      
### 70.Provably Robust Detection of Out-of-distribution Data (almost) for free  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04260.pdf)
>  When applying machine learning in safety-critical systems, a reliable assessment of the uncertainy of a classifier is required. However, deep neural networks are known to produce highly overconfident predictions on out-of-distribution (OOD) data and even if trained to be non-confident on OOD data one can still adversarially manipulate OOD data so that the classifer again assigns high confidence to the manipulated samples. In this paper we propose a novel method where from first principles we combine a certifiable OOD detector with a standard classifier into an OOD aware classifier. In this way we achieve the best of two worlds: certifiably adversarially robust OOD detection, even for OOD samples close to the in-distribution, without loss in prediction accuracy and close to state-of-the-art OOD detection performance for non-manipulated OOD data. Moreover, due to the particular construction our classifier provably avoids the asymptotic overconfidence problem of standard neural networks.      
### 71.EnMcGAN: Adversarial Ensemble Learning for 3D Complete Renal Structures Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04130.pdf)
>  3D complete renal structures(CRS) segmentation targets on segmenting the kidneys, tumors, renal arteries and veins in one inference. Once successful, it will provide preoperative plans and intraoperative guidance for laparoscopic partial nephrectomy(LPN), playing a key role in the renal cancer treatment. However, no success has been reported in 3D CRS segmentation due to the complex shapes of renal structures, low contrast and large anatomical variation. In this study, we utilize the adversarial ensemble learning and propose Ensemble Multi-condition GAN(EnMcGAN) for 3D CRS segmentation for the first time. Its contribution is three-fold. 1)Inspired by windowing, we propose the multi-windowing committee which divides CTA image into multiple narrow windows with different window centers and widths enhancing the contrast for salient boundaries and soft tissues. And then, it builds an ensemble segmentation model on these narrow windows to fuse the segmentation superiorities and improve whole segmentation quality. 2)We propose the multi-condition GAN which equips the segmentation model with multiple discriminators to encourage the segmented structures meeting their real shape conditions, thus improving the shape feature extraction ability. 3)We propose the adversarial weighted ensemble module which uses the trained discriminators to evaluate the quality of segmented structures, and normalizes these evaluation scores for the ensemble weights directed at the input image, thus enhancing the ensemble results. 122 patients are enrolled in this study and the mean Dice coefficient of the renal structures achieves 84.6%. Extensive experiments with promising results on renal structures reveal powerful segmentation accuracy and great clinical significance in renal cancer treatment.      
### 72.Graph-MLP: Node Classification without Message Passing in Graph  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04051.pdf)
>  Graph Neural Network (GNN) has been demonstrated its effectiveness in dealing with non-Euclidean structural data. Both spatial-based and spectral-based GNNs are relying on adjacency matrix to guide message passing among neighbors during feature aggregation. Recent works have mainly focused on powerful message passing modules, however, in this paper, we show that none of the message passing modules is necessary. Instead, we propose a pure multilayer-perceptron-based framework, Graph-MLP with the supervision signal leveraging graph structure, which is sufficient for learning discriminative node representation. In model-level, Graph-MLP only includes multi-layer perceptrons, activation function, and layer normalization. In the loss level, we design a neighboring contrastive (NContrast) loss to bridge the gap between GNNs and MLPs by utilizing the adjacency information implicitly. This design allows our model to be lighter and more robust when facing large-scale graph data and corrupted adjacency information. Extensive experiments prove that even without adjacency information in testing phase, our framework can still reach comparable and even superior performance against the state-of-the-art models in the graph node classification task.      
### 73.Manifold Topology Divergence: a Framework for Comparing Data Manifolds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04024.pdf)
>  We develop a framework for comparing data manifolds, aimed, in particular, towards the evaluation of deep generative models. We describe a novel tool, Cross-Barcode(P,Q), that, given a pair of distributions in a high-dimensional space, tracks multiscale topology spacial discrepancies between manifolds on which the distributions are concentrated. Based on the Cross-Barcode, we introduce the Manifold Topology Divergence score (MTop-Divergence) and apply it to assess the performance of deep generative models in various domains: images, 3D-shapes, time-series, and on different datasets: MNIST, Fashion MNIST, SVHN, CIFAR10, FFHQ, chest X-ray images, market stock data, ShapeNet. We demonstrate that the MTop-Divergence accurately detects various degrees of mode-dropping, intra-mode collapse, mode invention, and image disturbance. Our algorithm scales well (essentially linearly) with the increase of the dimension of the ambient high-dimensional space. It is one of the first TDA-based practical methodologies that can be applied universally to datasets of different sizes and dimensions, including the ones on which the most recent GANs in the visual domain are trained. The proposed method is domain agnostic and does not rely on pre-trained networks.      
### 74.FEAR: A Simple Lightweight Method to Rank Architectures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04010.pdf)
>  The fundamental problem in Neural Architecture Search (NAS) is to efficiently find high-performing architectures from a given search space. We propose a simple but powerful method which we call FEAR, for ranking architectures in any search space. FEAR leverages the viewpoint that neural networks are powerful non-linear feature extractors. First, we train different architectures in the search space to the same training or validation error. Then, we compare the usefulness of the features extracted by each architecture. We do so with a quick training keeping most of the architecture frozen. This gives fast estimates of the relative performance. We validate FEAR on Natsbench topology search space on three different datasets against competing baselines and show strong ranking correlation especially compared to recently proposed zero-cost methods. FEAR particularly excels at ranking high-performance architectures in the search space. When used in the inner loop of discrete search algorithms like random search, FEAR can cut down the search time by approximately 2.4X without losing accuracy. We additionally empirically study very recently proposed zero-cost measures for ranking and find that they breakdown in ranking performance as training proceeds and also that data-agnostic ranking scores which ignore the dataset do not generalize across dissimilar datasets.      
### 75.Generative Flows with Invertible Attentions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.03959.pdf)
>  Flow-based generative models have shown excellent ability to explicitly learn the probability density function of data via a sequence of invertible transformations. Yet, modeling long-range dependencies over normalizing flows remains understudied. To fill the gap, in this paper, we introduce two types of invertible attention mechanisms for generative flow models. To be precise, we propose map-based and scaled dot-product attention for unconditional and conditional generative flow models. The key idea is to exploit split-based attention mechanisms to learn the attention weights and input representations on every two splits of flow feature maps. Our method provides invertible attention modules with tractable Jacobian determinants, enabling seamless integration of it at any positions of the flow-based models. The proposed attention mechanism can model the global data dependencies, leading to more comprehensive flow models. Evaluation on multiple generation tasks demonstrates that the introduced attention flow idea results in efficient flow models and compares favorably against the state-of-the-art unconditional and conditional generative flow methods.      
### 76.AutoPtosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.03905.pdf)
>  Blepharoptosis, or ptosis as it is more commonly referred to, is a condition of the eyelid where the upper eyelid droops. The current diagnosis for ptosis involves cumbersome manual measurements that are time-consuming and prone to human error. In this paper, we present AutoPtosis, an artificial intelligence based system with interpretable results for rapid diagnosis of ptosis. We utilize a diverse dataset collected at the University of Illinois Hospital and Health to successfully develop a robust deep learning model for prediction and also develop a clinically inspired model that calculates the marginal reflex distance and iris ratio. AutoPtosis achieved 95.5% accuracy on physician verified data that had an equal class balance. The proposed algorithm can help in the rapid and timely diagnosis of ptosis, significantly reduce the burden on the healthcare system, and save the patients and clinics valuable resources.      
