# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 22 Jun 2021
### 1.Towards Long-Form Video Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11310.pdf)
>  Our world offers a never-ending stream of visual stimuli, yet today's vision systems only accurately recognize patterns within a few seconds. These systems understand the present, but fail to contextualize it in past or future events. In this paper, we study long-form video understanding. We introduce a framework for modeling long-form videos and develop evaluation protocols on large-scale datasets. We show that existing state-of-the-art short-term models are limited for long-form tasks. A novel object-centric transformer-based video recognition architecture performs significantly better on 7 diverse tasks. It also outperforms comparable state-of-the-art on the AVA dataset.      
### 2.Fast Simultaneous Gravitational Alignment of Multiple Point Sets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11308.pdf)
>  The problem of simultaneous rigid alignment of multiple unordered point sets which is unbiased towards any of the inputs has recently attracted increasing interest, and several reliable methods have been newly proposed. While being remarkably robust towards noise and clustered outliers, current approaches require sophisticated initialisation schemes and do not scale well to large point sets. This paper proposes a new resilient technique for simultaneous registration of multiple point sets by interpreting the latter as particle swarms rigidly moving in the mutually induced force fields. Thanks to the improved simulation with altered physical laws and acceleration of globally multiply-linked point interactions with a 2^D-tree (D is the space dimensionality), our Multi-Body Gravitational Approach (MBGA) is robust to noise and missing data while supporting more massive point sets than previous methods (with 10^5 points and more). In various experimental settings, MBGA is shown to outperform several baseline point set alignment approaches in terms of accuracy and runtime. We make our source code available for the community to facilitate the reproducibility of the results.      
### 3.Simple Distillation Baselines for Improving Small Self-supervised Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11304.pdf)
>  While large self-supervised models have rivalled the performance of their supervised counterparts, small models still struggle. In this report, we explore simple baselines for improving small self-supervised models via distillation, called SimDis. Specifically, we present an offline-distillation baseline, which establishes a new state-of-the-art, and an online-distillation baseline, which achieves similar performance with minimal computational overhead. We hope these baselines will provide useful experience for relevant future research. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JindongGu/SimDis/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 4.Understanding Object Dynamics for Interactive Image-to-Video Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11303.pdf)
>  What would be the effect of locally poking a static scene? We present an approach that learns naturally-looking global articulations caused by a local manipulation at a pixel level. Training requires only videos of moving objects but no information of the underlying manipulation of the physical scene. Our generative model learns to infer natural object dynamics as a response to user interaction and learns about the interrelations between different object body regions. Given a static image of an object and a local poking of a pixel, the approach then predicts how the object would deform over time. In contrast to existing work on video prediction, we do not synthesize arbitrary realistic videos but enable local interactive control of the deformation. Our model is not restricted to particular object categories and can transfer dynamics onto novel unseen object instances. Extensive experiments on diverse objects demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach compared to common video prediction frameworks. Project page is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://bit.ly/3cxfA2L" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 5.TokenLearner: What Can 8 Learned Tokens Do for Images and Videos?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11297.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a novel visual representation learning which relies on a handful of adaptively learned tokens, and which is applicable to both image and video understanding tasks. Instead of relying on hand-designed splitting strategies to obtain visual tokens and processing a large number of densely sampled patches for attention, our approach learns to mine important tokens in visual data. This results in efficiently and effectively finding a few important visual tokens and enables modeling of pairwise attention between such tokens, over a longer temporal horizon for videos, or the spatial content in images. Our experiments demonstrate strong performance on several challenging benchmarks for both image and video recognition tasks. Importantly, due to our tokens being adaptive, we accomplish competitive results at significantly reduced compute amount.      
### 6.The Arm-Swing Is Discriminative in Video Gait Recognition for Athlete Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11280.pdf)
>  In this paper we evaluate running gait as an attribute for video person re-identification in a long-distance running event. We show that running gait recognition achieves competitive performance compared to appearance-based approaches in the cross-camera retrieval task and that gait and appearance features are complementary to each other. For gait, the arm swing during running is less distinguishable when using binary gait silhouettes, due to ambiguity in the torso region. We propose to use human semantic parsing to create partial gait silhouettes where the torso is left out. Leaving out the torso improves recognition results by allowing the arm swing to be more visible in the frontal and oblique viewing angles, which offers hints that arm swings are somewhat personal. Experiments show an increase of 3.2% mAP on the CampusRun and increased accuracy with 4.8% in the frontal and rear view on CASIA-B, compared to using the full body silhouettes.      
### 7.Neural Marching Cubes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11272.pdf)
>  We introduce Neural Marching Cubes (NMC), a data-driven approach for extracting a triangle mesh from a discretized implicit field. Classical MC is defined by coarse tessellation templates isolated to individual cubes. While more refined tessellations have been proposed, they all make heuristic assumptions, such as trilinearity, when determining the vertex positions and local mesh topologies in each cube. In principle, none of these approaches can reconstruct geometric features that reveal coherence or dependencies between nearby cubes (e.g., a sharp edge), as such information is unaccounted for, resulting in poor estimates of the true underlying implicit field. To tackle these challenges, we re-cast MC from a deep learning perspective, by designing tessellation templates more apt at preserving geometric features, and learning the vertex positions and mesh topologies from training meshes, to account for contextual information from nearby cubes. We develop a compact per-cube parameterization to represent the output triangle mesh, while being compatible with neural processing, so that a simple 3D convolutional network can be employed for the training. We show that all topological cases in each cube that are applicable to our design can be easily derived using our representation, and the resulting tessellations can also be obtained naturally and efficiently by following a few design guidelines. In addition, our network learns local features with limited receptive fields, hence it generalizes well to new shapes and new datasets. We evaluate our neural MC approach by quantitative and qualitative comparisons to all well-known MC variants. In particular, we demonstrate the ability of our network to recover sharp features such as edges and corners, a long-standing issue of MC and its variants. Our network also reconstructs local mesh topologies more accurately than previous approaches.      
### 8.Applying VertexShuffle Toward 360-Degree Video Super-Resolution on Focused-Icosahedral-Mesh  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11253.pdf)
>  With the emerging of 360-degree image/video, augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR), the demand for analysing and processing spherical signals get tremendous increase. However, plenty of effort paid on planar signals that projected from spherical signals, which leading to some problems, e.g. waste of pixels, distortion. Recent advances in spherical CNN have opened up the possibility of directly analysing spherical signals. However, they pay attention to the full mesh which makes it infeasible to deal with situations in real-world application due to the extremely large bandwidth requirement. To address the bandwidth waste problem associated with 360-degree video streaming and save computation, we exploit Focused Icosahedral Mesh to represent a small area and construct matrices to rotate spherical content to the focused mesh area. We also proposed a novel VertexShuffle operation that can significantly improve both the performance and the efficiency compared to the original MeshConv Transpose operation introduced in UGSCNN. We further apply our proposed methods on super resolution model, which is the first to propose a spherical super-resolution model that directly operates on a mesh representation of spherical pixels of 360-degree data. To evaluate our model, we also collect a set of high-resolution 360-degree videos to generate a spherical image dataset. Our experiments indicate that our proposed spherical super-resolution model achieves significant benefits in terms of both performance and inference time compared to the baseline spherical super-resolution model that uses the simple MeshConv Transpose operation. In summary, our model achieves great super-resolution performance on 360-degree inputs, achieving 32.79 dB PSNR on average when super-resoluting 16x vertices on the mesh.      
### 9.VIMPAC: Video Pre-Training via Masked Token Prediction and Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11250.pdf)
>  Video understanding relies on perceiving the global content and modeling its internal connections (e.g., causality, movement, and spatio-temporal correspondence). To learn these interactions, we apply a mask-then-predict pre-training task on discretized video tokens generated via VQ-VAE. Unlike language, where the text tokens are more independent, neighboring video tokens typically have strong correlations (e.g., consecutive video frames usually look very similar), and hence uniformly masking individual tokens will make the task too trivial to learn useful representations. To deal with this issue, we propose a block-wise masking strategy where we mask neighboring video tokens in both spatial and temporal domains. We also add an augmentation-free contrastive learning method to further capture the global content by predicting whether the video clips are sampled from the same video. We pre-train our model on uncurated videos and show that our pre-trained model can reach state-of-the-art results on several video understanding datasets (e.g., SSV2, Diving48). Lastly, we provide detailed analyses on model scalability and pre-training method design. Code is released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/airsplay/vimpac" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.Reliability and Validity of Image-Based and Self-Reported Skin Phenotype Metrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11240.pdf)
>  With increasing adoption of face recognition systems, it is important to ensure adequate performance of these technologies across demographic groups. Recently, phenotypes such as skin-tone, have been proposed as superior alternatives to traditional race categories when exploring performance differentials. However, there is little consensus regarding how to appropriately measure skin-tone in evaluations of biometric performance or in AI more broadly. In this study, we explore the relationship between face-area-lightness-measures (FALMs) estimated from images and ground-truth skin readings collected using a device designed to measure human skin. FALMs estimated from different images of the same individual varied significantly relative to ground-truth FALM. This variation was only reduced by greater control of acquisition (camera, background, and environment). Next, we compare ground-truth FALM to Fitzpatrick Skin Types (FST) categories obtained using the standard, in-person, medical survey and show FST is poorly predictive of skin-tone. Finally, we show how noisy estimation of FALM leads to errors selecting explanatory factors for demographic differentials. These results demonstrate that measures of skin-tone for biometric performance evaluations must come from objective, characterized, and controlled sources. Further, despite this being a currently practiced approach, estimating FST categories and FALMs from uncontrolled imagery does not provide an appropriate measure of skin-tone.      
### 11.Can poachers find animals from public camera trap images?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11236.pdf)
>  To protect the location of camera trap data containing sensitive, high-target species, many ecologists randomly obfuscate the latitude and longitude of the camera when publishing their data. For example, they may publish a random location within a 1km radius of the true camera location for each camera in their network. In this paper, we investigate the robustness of geo-obfuscation for maintaining camera trap location privacy, and show via a case study that a few simple, intuitive heuristics and publicly available satellite rasters can be used to reduce the area likely to contain the camera by 87% (assuming random obfuscation within 1km), demonstrating that geo-obfuscation may be less effective than previously believed.      
### 12.Multi-VAE: Learning Disentangled View-common and View-peculiar Visual Representations for Multi-view Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11232.pdf)
>  Multi-view clustering, a long-standing and important research problem, focuses on mining complementary information from diverse views. However, existing works often fuse multiple views' representations or handle clustering in a common feature space, which may result in their entanglement especially for visual representations. To address this issue, we present a novel VAE-based multi-view clustering framework (Multi-VAE) by learning disentangled visual representations. Concretely, we define a view-common variable and multiple view-peculiar variables in the generative model. The prior of view-common variable obeys approximately discrete Gumbel Softmax distribution, which is introduced to extract the common cluster factor of multiple views. Meanwhile, the prior of view-peculiar variable follows continuous Gaussian distribution, which is used to represent each view's peculiar visual factors. By controlling the mutual information capacity to disentangle the view-common and view-peculiar representations, continuous visual information of multiple views can be separated so that their common discrete cluster information can be effectively mined. Experimental results demonstrate that Multi-VAE enjoys the disentangled and explainable visual representations, while obtaining superior clustering performance compared with state-of-the-art methods.      
### 13.Temporal Early Exits for Efficient Video Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11208.pdf)
>  Transferring image-based object detectors to the domain of video remains challenging under resource constraints. Previous efforts utilised optical flow to allow unchanged features to be propagated, however, the overhead is considerable when working with very slowly changing scenes from applications such as surveillance. In this paper, we propose temporal early exits to reduce the computational complexity of per-frame video object detection. Multiple temporal early exit modules with low computational overhead are inserted at early layers of the backbone network to identify the semantic differences between consecutive frames. Full computation is only required if the frame is identified as having a semantic change to previous frames; otherwise, detection results from previous frames are reused. Experiments on CDnet show that our method significantly reduces the computational complexity and execution of per-frame video object detection up to $34 \times$ compared to existing methods with an acceptable reduction of 2.2\% in mAP.      
### 14.TNT: Text-Conditioned Network with Transductive Inference for Few-Shot Video Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11173.pdf)
>  Recently, few-shot learning has received increasing interest. Existing efforts have been focused on image classification, with very few attempts dedicated to the more challenging few-shot video classification problem. These few attempts aim to effectively exploit the temporal dimension in videos for better learning in low data regimes. However, they have largely ignored a key characteristic of video which could be vital for few-shot recognition, that is, videos are often accompanied by rich text descriptions. In this paper, for the first time, we propose to leverage these human-provided textual descriptions as privileged information when training a few-shot video classification model. Specifically, we formulate a text-based task conditioner to adapt video features to the few-shot learning task. Our model follows a transductive setting where query samples and support textual descriptions can be used to update the support set class prototype to further improve the task-adaptation ability of the model. Our model obtains state-of-the-art performance on four challenging benchmarks in few-shot video action classification.      
### 15.3D Shape Registration Using Spectral Graph Embedding and Probabilistic Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11166.pdf)
>  We address the problem of 3D shape registration and we propose a novel technique based on spectral graph theory and probabilistic matching. The task of 3D shape analysis involves tracking, recognition, registration, etc. Analyzing 3D data in a single framework is still a challenging task considering the large variability of the data gathered with different acquisition devices. 3D shape registration is one such challenging shape analysis task. The main contribution of this chapter is to extend the spectral graph matching methods to very large graphs by combining spectral graph matching with Laplacian embedding. Since the embedded representation of a graph is obtained by dimensionality reduction we claim that the existing spectral-based methods are not easily applicable. We discuss solutions for the exact and inexact graph isomorphism problems and recall the main spectral properties of the combinatorial graph Laplacian; We provide a novel analysis of the commute-time embedding that allows us to interpret the latter in terms of the PCA of a graph, and to select the appropriate dimension of the associated embedded metric space; We derive a unit hyper-sphere normalization for the commute-time embedding that allows us to register two shapes with different samplings; We propose a novel method to find the eigenvalue-eigenvector ordering and the eigenvector signs using the eigensignature (histogram) which is invariant to the isometric shape deformations and fits well in the spectral graph matching framework, and we present a probabilistic shape matching formulation using an expectation maximization point registration algorithm which alternates between aligning the eigenbases and finding a vertex-to-vertex assignment.      
### 16.Automatic Plant Cover Estimation with CNNs Automatic Plant Cover Estimation with Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11154.pdf)
>  Monitoring the responses of plants to environmental changes is essential for plant biodiversity research. This, however, is currently still being done manually by botanists in the field. This work is very laborious, and the data obtained is, though following a standardized method to estimate plant coverage, usually subjective and has a coarse temporal resolution. To remedy these caveats, we investigate approaches using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to automatically extract the relevant data from images, focusing on plant community composition and species coverages of 9 herbaceous plant species. To this end, we investigate several standard CNN architectures and different pretraining methods. We find that we outperform our previous approach at higher image resolutions using a custom CNN with a mean absolute error of 5.16%. In addition to these investigations, we also conduct an error analysis based on the temporal aspect of the plant cover images. This analysis gives insight into where problems for automatic approaches lie, like occlusion and likely misclassifications caused by temporal changes.      
### 17.OadTR: Online Action Detection with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11149.pdf)
>  Most recent approaches for online action detection tend to apply Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) to capture long-range temporal structure. However, RNN suffers from non-parallelism and gradient vanishing, hence it is hard to be optimized. In this paper, we propose a new encoder-decoder framework based on Transformers, named OadTR, to tackle these problems. The encoder attached with a task token aims to capture the relationships and global interactions between historical observations. The decoder extracts auxiliary information by aggregating anticipated future clip representations. Therefore, OadTR can recognize current actions by encoding historical information and predicting future context simultaneously. We extensively evaluate the proposed OadTR on three challenging datasets: HDD, TVSeries, and THUMOS14. The experimental results show that OadTR achieves higher training and inference speeds than current RNN based approaches, and significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in terms of both mAP and mcAP. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wangxiang1230/OadTR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.FP-Age: Leveraging Face Parsing Attention for Facial Age Estimation in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11145.pdf)
>  Image-based age estimation aims to predict a person's age from facial images. It is used in a variety of real-world applications. Although end-to-end deep models have achieved impressive results for age estimation on benchmark datasets, their performance in-the-wild still leaves much room for improvement due to the challenges caused by large variations in head pose, facial expressions, and occlusions. To address this issue, we propose a simple yet effective method to explicitly incorporate facial semantics into age estimation, so that the model would learn to correctly focus on the most informative facial components from unaligned facial images regardless of head pose and non-rigid deformation. To this end, we design a face parsing-based network to learn semantic information at different scales and a novel face parsing attention module to leverage these semantic features for age estimation. To evaluate our method on in-the-wild data, we also introduce a new challenging large-scale benchmark called IMDB-Clean. This dataset is created by semi-automatically cleaning the noisy IMDB-WIKI dataset using a constrained clustering method. Through comprehensive experiment on IMDB-Clean and other benchmark datasets, under both intra-dataset and cross-dataset evaluation protocols, we show that our method consistently outperforms all existing age estimation methods and achieves a new state-of-the-art performance. To the best of our knowledge, our work presents the first attempt of leveraging face parsing attention to achieve semantic-aware age estimation, which may be inspiring to other high level facial analysis tasks.      
### 19.Classification of Documents Extracted from Images with Optical Character Recognition Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11125.pdf)
>  Over the past decade, machine learning methods have given us driverless cars, voice recognition, effective web search, and a much better understanding of the human genome. Machine learning is so common today that it is used dozens of times a day, possibly unknowingly. Trying to teach a machine some processes or some situations can make them predict some results that are difficult to predict by the human brain. These methods also help us do some operations that are often impossible or difficult to do with human activities in a short time. For these reasons, machine learning is so important today. In this study, two different machine learning methods were combined. In order to solve a real-world problem, the manuscript documents were first transferred to the computer and then classified. We used three basic methods to realize the whole process. Handwriting or printed documents have been digitalized by a scanner or digital camera. These documents have been processed with two different Optical Character Recognition (OCR) operation. After that generated texts are classified by using Naive Bayes algorithm. All project was programmed in Microsoft Visual Studio 12 platform on Windows operating system. C# programming language was used for all parts of the study. Also, some prepared codes and DLLs were used.      
### 20.SODA10M: Towards Large-Scale Object Detection Benchmark for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11118.pdf)
>  Aiming at facilitating a real-world, ever-evolving and scalable autonomous driving system, we present a large-scale benchmark for standardizing the evaluation of different self-supervised and semi-supervised approaches by learning from raw data, which is the first and largest benchmark to date. Existing autonomous driving systems heavily rely on `perfect' visual perception models (e.g., detection) trained using extensive annotated data to ensure the safety. However, it is unrealistic to elaborately label instances of all scenarios and circumstances (e.g., night, extreme weather, cities) when deploying a robust autonomous driving system. Motivated by recent powerful advances of self-supervised and semi-supervised learning, a promising direction is to learn a robust detection model by collaboratively exploiting large-scale unlabeled data and few labeled data. Existing dataset (e.g., KITTI, Waymo) either provides only a small amount of data or covers limited domains with full annotation, hindering the exploration of large-scale pre-trained models. Here, we release a Large-Scale Object Detection benchmark for Autonomous driving, named as SODA10M, containing 10 million unlabeled images and 20K images labeled with 6 representative object categories. To improve diversity, the images are collected every ten seconds per frame within 32 different cities under different weather conditions, periods and location scenes. We provide extensive experiments and deep analyses of existing supervised state-of-the-art detection models, popular self-supervised and semi-supervised approaches, and some insights about how to develop future models. The data and more up-to-date information have been released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://soda-2d.github.io" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.Distilling effective supervision for robust medical image segmentation with noisy labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11099.pdf)
>  Despite the success of deep learning methods in medical image segmentation tasks, the human-level performance relies on massive training data with high-quality annotations, which are expensive and time-consuming to collect. The fact is that there exist low-quality annotations with label noise, which leads to suboptimal performance of learned models. Two prominent directions for segmentation learning with noisy labels include pixel-wise noise robust training and image-level noise robust training. In this work, we propose a novel framework to address segmenting with noisy labels by distilling effective supervision information from both pixel and image levels. In particular, we explicitly estimate the uncertainty of every pixel as pixel-wise noise estimation, and propose pixel-wise robust learning by using both the original labels and pseudo labels. Furthermore, we present an image-level robust learning method to accommodate more information as the complements to pixel-level learning. We conduct extensive experiments on both simulated and real-world noisy datasets. The results demonstrate the advantageous performance of our method compared to state-of-the-art baselines for medical image segmentation with noisy labels.      
### 22.Obstacle Detection for BVLOS Drones  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11098.pdf)
>  With the introduction of new regulations in the European Union, the future of Beyond Visual Line Of Sight (BVLOS) drones is set to bloom. This led to the creation of the theBEAST project, which aims to create an autonomous security drone, with focus on those regulations and on safety. This technical paper describes the first steps of a module within this project, which revolves around detecting obstacles so they can be avoided in a fail-safe landing. A deep learning powered object detection method is the subject of our research, and various experiments are held to maximize its performance, such as comparing various data augmentation techniques or YOLOv3 and YOLOv5. According to the results of the experiments, we conclude that although object detection is a promising approach to resolve this problem, more volume of data is required for potential usage in a real-life application.      
### 23.CLIP2Video: Mastering Video-Text Retrieval via Image CLIP  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11097.pdf)
>  We present CLIP2Video network to transfer the image-language pre-training model to video-text retrieval in an end-to-end manner. Leading approaches in the domain of video-and-language learning try to distill the spatio-temporal video features and multi-modal interaction between videos and languages from a large-scale video-text dataset. Different from them, we leverage pretrained image-language model, simplify it as a two-stage framework with co-learning of image-text and enhancing temporal relations between video frames and video-text respectively, make it able to train on comparatively small datasets. Specifically, based on the spatial semantics captured by Contrastive Language-Image Pretraining (CLIP) model, our model involves a Temporal Difference Block to capture motions at fine temporal video frames, and a Temporal Alignment Block to re-align the tokens of video clips and phrases and enhance the multi-modal correlation. We conduct thorough ablation studies, and achieve state-of-the-art performance on major text-to-video and video-to-text retrieval benchmarks, including new records of retrieval accuracy on MSR-VTT, MSVD and VATEX.      
### 24.Visual Probing: Cognitive Framework for Explaining Self-Supervised Image Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11054.pdf)
>  Recently introduced self-supervised methods for image representation learning provide on par or superior results to their fully supervised competitors, yet the corresponding efforts to explain the self-supervised approaches lag behind. Motivated by this observation, we introduce a novel visual probing framework for explaining the self-supervised models by leveraging probing tasks employed previously in natural language processing. The probing tasks require knowledge about semantic relationships between image parts. Hence, we propose a systematic approach to obtain analogs of natural language in vision, such as visual words, context, and taxonomy. Our proposal is grounded in Marr's computational theory of vision and concerns features like textures, shapes, and lines. We show the effectiveness and applicability of those analogs in the context of explaining self-supervised representations. Our key findings emphasize that relations between language and vision can serve as an effective yet intuitive tool for discovering how machine learning models work, independently of data modality. Our work opens a plethora of research pathways towards more explainable and transparent AI.      
### 25.CataNet: Predicting remaining cataract surgery duration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11048.pdf)
>  Cataract surgery is a sight saving surgery that is performed over 10 million times each year around the world. With such a large demand, the ability to organize surgical wards and operating rooms efficiently is critical to delivery this therapy in routine clinical care. In this context, estimating the remaining surgical duration (RSD) during procedures is one way to help streamline patient throughput and workflows. To this end, we propose CataNet, a method for cataract surgeries that predicts in real time the RSD jointly with two influential elements: the surgeon's experience, and the current phase of the surgery. We compare CataNet to state-of-the-art RSD estimation methods, showing that it outperforms them even when phase and experience are not considered. We investigate this improvement and show that a significant contributor is the way we integrate the elapsed time into CataNet's feature extractor.      
### 26.One Million Scenes for Autonomous Driving: ONCE Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11037.pdf)
>  Current perception models in autonomous driving have become notorious for greatly relying on a mass of annotated data to cover unseen cases and address the long-tail problem. On the other hand, learning from unlabeled large-scale collected data and incrementally self-training powerful recognition models have received increasing attention and may become the solutions of next-generation industry-level powerful and robust perception models in autonomous driving. However, the research community generally suffered from data inadequacy of those essential real-world scene data, which hampers the future exploration of fully/semi/self-supervised methods for 3D perception. In this paper, we introduce the ONCE (One millioN sCenEs) dataset for 3D object detection in the autonomous driving scenario. The ONCE dataset consists of 1 million LiDAR scenes and 7 million corresponding camera images. The data is selected from 144 driving hours, which is 20x longer than the largest 3D autonomous driving dataset available (e.g. nuScenes and Waymo), and it is collected across a range of different areas, periods and weather conditions. To facilitate future research on exploiting unlabeled data for 3D detection, we additionally provide a benchmark in which we reproduce and evaluate a variety of self-supervised and semi-supervised methods on the ONCE dataset. We conduct extensive analyses on those methods and provide valuable observations on their performance related to the scale of used data. Data, code, and more information are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://once-for-auto-driving.github.io/index.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 27.Interventional Video Grounding with Dual Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11013.pdf)
>  Video grounding aims to localize a moment from an untrimmed video for a given textual query. Existing approaches focus more on the alignment of visual and language stimuli with various likelihood-based matching or regression strategies, i.e., P(Y|X). Consequently, these models may suffer from spurious correlations between the language and video features due to the selection bias of the dataset. 1) To uncover the causality behind the model and data, we first propose a novel paradigm from the perspective of the causal inference, i.e., interventional video grounding (IVG) that leverages backdoor adjustment to deconfound the selection bias based on structured causal model (SCM) and do-calculus P(Y|do(X)). Then, we present a simple yet effective method to approximate the unobserved confounder as it cannot be directly sampled from the dataset. 2) Meanwhile, we introduce a dual contrastive learning approach (DCL) to better align the text and video by maximizing the mutual information (MI) between query and video clips, and the MI between start/end frames of a target moment and the others within a video to learn more informative visual representations. Experiments on three standard benchmarks show the effectiveness of our approaches.      
### 28.Delving into the pixels of adversarial samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10996.pdf)
>  Despite extensive research into adversarial attacks, we do not know how adversarial attacks affect image pixels. Knowing how image pixels are affected by adversarial attacks has the potential to lead us to better adversarial defenses. Motivated by instances that we find where strong attacks do not transfer, we delve into adversarial examples at pixel level to scrutinize how adversarial attacks affect image pixel values. We consider several ImageNet architectures, InceptionV3, VGG19 and ResNet50, as well as several strong attacks. We find that attacks can have different effects at pixel level depending on classifier architecture. In particular, input pre-processing plays a previously overlooked role in the effect that attacks have on pixels. Based on the insights of pixel-level examination, we find new ways to detect some of the strongest current attacks.      
### 29.Pre-training also Transfers Non-Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10989.pdf)
>  Pre-training has enabled many state-of-the-art results on many tasks. In spite of its recognized contribution to generalization, we observed in this study that pre-training also transfers the non-robustness from pre-trained model into the fine-tuned model. Using image classification as an example, we first conducted experiments on various datasets and network backbones to explore the factors influencing robustness. Further analysis is conducted on examining the difference between the fine-tuned model and standard model to uncover the reason leading to the non-robustness transfer. Finally, we introduce a simple robust pre-training solution by regularizing the difference between target and source tasks. Results validate the effectiveness in alleviating non-robustness and preserving generalization.      
### 30.SHREC 2021: Track on Skeleton-based Hand Gesture Recognition in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10980.pdf)
>  Gesture recognition is a fundamental tool to enable novel interaction paradigms in a variety of application scenarios like Mixed Reality environments, touchless public kiosks, entertainment systems, and more. Recognition of hand gestures can be nowadays performed directly from the stream of hand skeletons estimated by software provided by low-cost trackers (Ultraleap) and MR headsets (Hololens, Oculus Quest) or by video processing software modules (e.g. Google Mediapipe). Despite the recent advancements in gesture and action recognition from skeletons, it is unclear how well the current state-of-the-art techniques can perform in a real-world scenario for the recognition of a wide set of heterogeneous gestures, as many benchmarks do not test online recognition and use limited dictionaries. This motivated the proposal of the SHREC 2021: Track on Skeleton-based Hand Gesture Recognition in the Wild. For this contest, we created a novel dataset with heterogeneous gestures featuring different types and duration. These gestures have to be found inside sequences in an online recognition scenario. This paper presents the result of the contest, showing the performances of the techniques proposed by four research groups on the challenging task compared with a simple baseline method.      
### 31.Segmentation of cell-level anomalies in electroluminescence images of photovoltaic modules  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10962.pdf)
>  In the operation &amp; maintenance (O&amp;M) of photovoltaic (PV) plants, the early identification of failures has become crucial to maintain productivity and prolong components' life. Of all defects, cell-level anomalies can lead to serious failures and may affect surrounding PV modules in the long run. These fine defects are usually captured with high spatial resolution electroluminescence (EL) imaging. The difficulty of acquiring such images has limited the availability of data. For this work, multiple data resources and augmentation techniques have been used to surpass this limitation. Current state-of-the-art detection methods extract barely low-level information from individual PV cell images, and their performance is conditioned by the available training data. In this article, we propose an end-to-end deep learning pipeline that detects, locates and segments cell-level anomalies from entire photovoltaic modules via EL images. The proposed modular pipeline combines three deep learning techniques: 1. object detection (modified Faster-RNN), 2. image classification (EfficientNet) and 3. weakly supervised segmentation (autoencoder). The modular nature of the pipeline allows to upgrade the deep learning models to the further improvements in the state-of-the-art and also extend the pipeline towards new functionalities.      
### 32.Multiple Object Tracking with Mixture Density Networks for Trajectory Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10950.pdf)
>  Multiple object tracking faces several challenges that may be alleviated with trajectory information. Knowing the posterior locations of an object helps disambiguating and solving situations such as occlusions, re-identification, and identity switching. In this work, we show that trajectory estimation can become a key factor for tracking, and present TrajE, a trajectory estimator based on recurrent mixture density networks, as a generic module that can be added to existing object trackers. To provide several trajectory hypotheses, our method uses beam search. Also, relying on the same estimated trajectory, we propose to reconstruct a track after an occlusion occurs. We integrate TrajE into two state of the art tracking algorithms, CenterTrack [63] and Tracktor [3]. Their respective performances in the MOTChallenge 2017 test set are boosted 6.3 and 0.3 points in MOTA score, and 1.8 and 3.1 in IDF1, setting a new state of the art for the CenterTrack+TrajE configuration      
### 33.Hard hat wearing detection based on head keypoint localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10944.pdf)
>  In recent years, a lot of attention is paid to deep learning methods in the context of vision-based construction site safety systems, especially regarding personal protective equipment. However, despite all this attention, there is still no reliable way to establish the relationship between workers and their hard hats. To answer this problem a combination of deep learning, object detection and head keypoint localization, with simple rule-based reasoning is proposed in this article. In tests, this solution surpassed the previous methods based on the relative bounding box position of different instances, as well as direct detection of hard hat wearers and non-wearers. The results show that the conjunction of novel deep learning methods with humanly-interpretable rule-based systems can result in a solution that is both reliable and can successfully mimic manual, on-site supervision. This work is the next step in the development of fully autonomous construction site safety systems and shows that there is still room for improvement in this area.      
### 34.TCIC: Theme Concepts Learning Cross Language and Vision for Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10936.pdf)
>  Existing research for image captioning usually represents an image using a scene graph with low-level facts (objects and relations) and fails to capture the high-level semantics. In this paper, we propose a Theme Concepts extended Image Captioning (TCIC) framework that incorporates theme concepts to represent high-level cross-modality semantics. In practice, we model theme concepts as memory vectors and propose Transformer with Theme Nodes (TTN) to incorporate those vectors for image captioning. Considering that theme concepts can be learned from both images and captions, we propose two settings for their representations learning based on TTN. On the vision side, TTN is configured to take both scene graph based features and theme concepts as input for visual representation learning. On the language side, TTN is configured to take both captions and theme concepts as input for text representation re-construction. Both settings aim to generate target captions with the same transformer-based decoder. During the training, we further align representations of theme concepts learned from images and corresponding captions to enforce the cross-modality learning. Experimental results on MS COCO show the effectiveness of our approach compared to some state-of-the-art models.      
### 35.Unsupervised Deep Learning by Injecting Low-Rank and Sparse Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10923.pdf)
>  What if deep neural networks can learn from sparsity-inducing priors? When the networks are designed by combining layer modules (CNN, RNN, etc), engineers less exploit the inductive bias, i.e., existing well-known rules or prior knowledge, other than annotated training data sets. We focus on employing sparsity-inducing priors in deep learning to encourage the network to concisely capture the nature of high-dimensional data in an unsupervised way. In order to use non-differentiable sparsity-inducing norms as loss functions, we plug their proximal mappings into the automatic differentiation framework. We demonstrate unsupervised learning of U-Net for background subtraction using low-rank and sparse priors. The U-Net can learn moving objects in a training sequence without any annotation, and successfully detect the foreground objects in test sequences.      
### 36.Cross-layer Navigation Convolutional Neural Network for Fine-grained Visual Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10920.pdf)
>  Fine-grained visual classification (FGVC) aims to classify sub-classes of objects in the same super-class (e.g., species of birds, models of cars). For the FGVC tasks, the essential solution is to find discriminative subtle information of the target from local regions. TraditionalFGVC models preferred to use the refined features,i.e., high-level semantic information for recognition and rarely use low-level in-formation. However, it turns out that low-level information which contains rich detail information also has effect on improving performance. Therefore, in this paper, we propose cross-layer navigation convolutional neural network for feature fusion. First, the feature maps extracted by the backbone network are fed into a convolutional long short-term memory model sequentially from high-level to low-level to perform feature aggregation. Then, attention mechanisms are used after feature fusion to extract spatial and channel information while linking the high-level semantic information and the low-level texture features, which can better locate the discriminative regions for the FGVC. In the experiments, three commonly used FGVC datasets, including CUB-200-2011, Stanford-Cars, andFGVC-Aircraft datasets, are used for evaluation and we demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method by comparing it with other referred FGVC methods to show that this method achieves superior results.      
### 37.Surgical data science for safe cholecystectomy: a protocol for segmentation of hepatocystic anatomy and assessment of the critical view of safety  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10916.pdf)
>  Minimally invasive image-guided surgery heavily relies on vision. Deep learning models for surgical video analysis could therefore support visual tasks such as assessing the critical view of safety (CVS) in laparoscopic cholecystectomy (LC), potentially contributing to surgical safety and efficiency. However, the performance, reliability and reproducibility of such models are deeply dependent on the quality of data and annotations used in their development. Here, we present a protocol, checklists, and visual examples to promote consistent annotation of hepatocystic anatomy and CVS criteria. We believe that sharing annotation guidelines can help build trustworthy multicentric datasets for assessing generalizability of performance, thus accelerating the clinical translation of deep learning models for surgical video analysis.      
### 38.Crop-Transform-Paste: Self-Supervised Learning for Visual Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10900.pdf)
>  While deep-learning based methods for visual tracking have achieved substantial progress, these schemes entail large-scale and high-quality annotated data for sufficient training. To eliminate expensive and exhaustive annotation, we study self-supervised learning for visual tracking. In this work, we develop the Crop-Transform-Paste operation, which is able to synthesize sufficient training data by simulating various kinds of scene variations during tracking, including appearance variations of objects and background changes. Since the object state is known in all synthesized data, existing deep trackers can be trained in routine ways without human annotation. Different from typical self-supervised learning methods performing visual representation learning as an individual step, the proposed self-supervised learning mechanism can be seamlessly integrated into any existing tracking framework to perform training. Extensive experiments show that our method 1) achieves favorable performance than supervised learning in few-shot tracking scenarios; 2) can deal with various tracking challenges such as object deformation, occlusion, or background clutter due to its design; 3) can be combined with supervised learning to further boost the performance, particularly effective in few-shot tracking scenarios.      
### 39.PIANO: A Parametric Hand Bone Model from Magnetic Resonance Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10893.pdf)
>  Hand modeling is critical for immersive VR/AR, action understanding, or human healthcare. Existing parametric models account only for hand shape, pose, or texture, without modeling the anatomical attributes like bone, which is essential for realistic hand biomechanics analysis. In this paper, we present PIANO, the first parametric bone model of human hands from MRI data. Our PIANO model is biologically correct, simple to animate, and differentiable, achieving more anatomically precise modeling of the inner hand kinematic structure in a data-driven manner than the traditional hand models based on the outer surface only. Furthermore, our PIANO model can be applied in neural network layers to enable training with a fine-grained semantic loss, which opens up the new task of data-driven fine-grained hand bone anatomic and semantic understanding from MRI or even RGB images. We make our model publicly available.      
### 40.Confidence-Guided Radiology Report Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10887.pdf)
>  Medical imaging plays a pivotal role in diagnosis and treatment in clinical practice. Inspired by the significant progress in automatic image captioning, various deep learning (DL)-based architectures have been proposed for generating radiology reports for medical images. However, model uncertainty (i.e., model reliability/confidence on report generation) is still an under-explored problem. In this paper, we propose a novel method to explicitly quantify both the visual uncertainty and the textual uncertainty for the task of radiology report generation. Such multi-modal uncertainties can sufficiently capture the model confidence scores at both the report-level and the sentence-level, and thus they are further leveraged to weight the losses for achieving more comprehensive model optimization. Our experimental results have demonstrated that our proposed method for model uncertainty characterization and estimation can provide more reliable confidence scores for radiology report generation, and our proposed uncertainty-weighted losses can achieve more comprehensive model optimization and result in state-of-the-art performance on a public radiology report dataset.      
### 41.Knowledge Distillation via Instance-level Sequence Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10885.pdf)
>  Recently, distillation approaches are suggested to extract general knowledge from a teacher network to guide a student network. Most of the existing methods transfer knowledge from the teacher network to the student via feeding the sequence of random mini-batches sampled uniformly from the data. Instead, we argue that the compact student network should be guided gradually using samples ordered in a meaningful sequence. Thus, it can bridge the gap of feature representation between the teacher and student network step by step. In this work, we provide a curriculum learning knowledge distillation framework via instance-level sequence learning. It employs the student network of the early epoch as a snapshot to create a curriculum for the student network's next training phase. We carry out extensive experiments on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, SVHN and CINIC-10 datasets. Compared with several state-of-the-art methods, our framework achieves the best performance with fewer iterations.      
### 42.Affect-driven Engagement Measurement from Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10882.pdf)
>  In education and intervention programs, person's engagement has been identified as a major factor in successful program completion. Automatic measurement of person's engagement provides useful information for instructors to meet program objectives and individualize program delivery. In this paper, we present a novel approach for video-based engagement measurement in virtual learning programs. We propose to use affect states, continuous values of valence and arousal extracted from consecutive video frames, along with a new latent affective feature vector and behavioral features for engagement measurement. Deep learning-based temporal, and traditional machine-learning-based non-temporal models are trained and validated on frame-level, and video-level features, respectively. In addition to the conventional centralized learning, we also implement the proposed method in a decentralized federated learning setting and study the effect of model personalization in engagement measurement. We evaluated the performance of the proposed method on the only two publicly available video engagement measurement datasets, DAiSEE and EmotiW, containing videos of students in online learning programs. Our experiments show a state-of-the-art engagement level classification accuracy of 63.3% and correctly classifying disengagement videos in the DAiSEE dataset and a regression mean squared error of 0.0673 on the EmotiW dataset. Our ablation study shows the effectiveness of incorporating affect states in engagement measurement. We interpret the findings from the experimental results based on psychology concepts in the field of engagement.      
### 43.Total Generate: Cycle in Cycle Generative Adversarial Networks for Generating Human Faces, Hands, Bodies, and Natural Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10876.pdf)
>  We propose a novel and unified Cycle in Cycle Generative Adversarial Network (C2GAN) for generating human faces, hands, bodies, and natural scenes. Our proposed C2GAN is a cross-modal model exploring the joint exploitation of the input image data and guidance data in an interactive manner. C2GAN contains two different generators, i.e., an image-generation generator and a guidance-generation generator. Both generators are mutually connected and trained in an end-to-end fashion and explicitly form three cycled subnets, i.e., one image generation cycle and two guidance generation cycles. Each cycle aims at reconstructing the input domain and simultaneously produces a useful output involved in the generation of another cycle. In this way, the cycles constrain each other implicitly providing complementary information from both image and guidance modalities and bringing an extra supervision gradient across the cycles, facilitating a more robust optimization of the whole model. Extensive results on four guided image-to-image translation subtasks demonstrate that the proposed C2GAN is effective in generating more realistic images compared with state-of-the-art models. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Ha0Tang/C2GAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 44.An End-to-End Khmer Optical Character Recognition using Sequence-to-Sequence with Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10875.pdf)
>  This paper presents an end-to-end deep convolutional recurrent neural network solution for Khmer optical character recognition (OCR) task. The proposed solution uses a sequence-to-sequence (Seq2Seq) architecture with attention mechanism. The encoder extracts visual features from an input text-line image via layers of residual convolutional blocks and a layer of gated recurrent units (GRU). The features are encoded in a single context vector and a sequence of hidden states which are fed to the decoder for decoding one character at a time until a special end-of-sentence (EOS) token is reached. The attention mechanism allows the decoder network to adaptively select parts of the input image while predicting a target character. The Seq2Seq Khmer OCR network was trained on a large collection of computer-generated text-line images for seven common Khmer fonts. The proposed model's performance outperformed the state-of-art Tesseract OCR engine for Khmer language on the 3000-images test set by achieving a character error rate (CER) of 1% vs 3%.      
### 45.Moving in a 360 World: Synthesizing Panoramic Parallaxes from a Single Panorama  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10859.pdf)
>  We present Omnidirectional Neural Radiance Fields (OmniNeRF), the first method to the application of parallax-enabled novel panoramic view synthesis. Recent works for novel view synthesis focus on perspective images with limited field-of-view and require sufficient pictures captured in a specific condition. Conversely, OmniNeRF can generate panorama images for unknown viewpoints given a single equirectangular image as training data. To this end, we propose to augment the single RGB-D panorama by projecting back and forth between a 3D world and different 2D panoramic coordinates at different virtual camera positions. By doing so, we are able to optimize an Omnidirectional Neural Radiance Field with visible pixels collecting from omnidirectional viewing angles at a fixed center for the estimation of new viewing angles from varying camera positions. As a result, the proposed OmniNeRF achieves convincing renderings of novel panoramic views that exhibit the parallax effect. We showcase the effectiveness of each of our proposals on both synthetic and real-world datasets.      
### 46.CUDA-GR: Controllable Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Gaze Redirection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10852.pdf)
>  The aim of gaze redirection is to manipulate the gaze in an image to the desired direction. However, existing methods are inadequate in generating perceptually reasonable images. Advancement in generative adversarial networks has shown excellent results in generating photo-realistic images. Though, they still lack the ability to provide finer control over different image attributes. To enable such fine-tuned control, one needs to obtain ground truth annotations for the training data which can be very expensive. In this paper, we propose an unsupervised domain adaptation framework, called CUDA-GR, that learns to disentangle gaze representations from the labeled source domain and transfers them to an unlabeled target domain. Our method enables fine-grained control over gaze directions while preserving the appearance information of the person. We show that the generated image-labels pairs in the target domain are effective in knowledge transfer and can boost the performance of the downstream tasks. Extensive experiments on the benchmarking datasets show that the proposed method can outperform state-of-the-art techniques in both quantitative and qualitative evaluation.      
### 47.Robust Pooling through the Data Mode  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10850.pdf)
>  The task of learning from point cloud data is always challenging due to the often occurrence of noise and outliers in the data. Such data inaccuracies can significantly influence the performance of state-of-the-art deep learning networks and their ability to classify or segment objects. While there are some robust deep learning approaches, they are computationally too expensive for real-time applications. This paper proposes a deep learning solution that includes a novel robust pooling layer which greatly enhances network robustness and performs significantly faster than state-of-the-art approaches. The proposed pooling layer looks for data a mode/cluster using two methods, RANSAC, and histogram, as clusters are indicative of models. We tested the pooling layer into frameworks such as Point-based and graph-based neural networks, and the tests showed enhanced robustness as compared to robust state-of-the-art methods.      
### 48.Trainable Class Prototypes for Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10846.pdf)
>  Metric learning is a widely used method for few shot learning in which the quality of prototypes plays a key role in the algorithm. In this paper we propose the trainable prototypes for distance measure instead of the artificial ones within the meta-training and task-training framework. Also to avoid the disadvantages that the episodic meta-training brought, we adopt non-episodic meta-training based on self-supervised learning. Overall we solve the few-shot tasks in two phases: meta-training a transferable feature extractor via self-supervised learning and training the prototypes for metric classification. In addition, the simple attention mechanism is used in both meta-training and task-training. Our method achieves state-of-the-art performance in a variety of established few-shot tasks on the standard few-shot visual classification dataset, with about 20% increase compared to the available unsupervised few-shot learning methods.      
### 49.Interpretable Face Manipulation Detection via Feature Whitening  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10834.pdf)
>  Why should we trust the detections of deep neural networks for manipulated faces? Understanding the reasons is important for users in improving the fairness, reliability, privacy and trust of the detection models. In this work, we propose an interpretable face manipulation detection approach to achieve the trustworthy and accurate inference. The approach could make the face manipulation detection process transparent by embedding the feature whitening module. This module aims to whiten the internal working mechanism of deep networks through feature decorrelation and feature constraint. The experimental results demonstrate that our proposed approach can strike a balance between the detection accuracy and the model interpretability.      
### 50.Two-Stream Consensus Network: Submission to HACS Challenge 2021 Weakly-Supervised Learning Track  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10829.pdf)
>  This technical report presents our solution to the HACS Temporal Action Localization Challenge 2021, Weakly-Supervised Learning Track. The goal of weakly-supervised temporal action localization is to temporally locate and classify action of interest in untrimmed videos given only video-level labels. We adopt the two-stream consensus network (TSCN) as the main framework in this challenge. The TSCN consists of a two-stream base model training procedure and a pseudo ground truth learning procedure. The base model training encourages the model to predict reliable predictions based on single modality (i.e., RGB or optical flow), based on the fusion of which a pseudo ground truth is generated and in turn used as supervision to train the base models. On the HACS v1.1.1 dataset, without fine-tuning the feature-extraction I3D models, our method achieves 22.20% on the validation set and 21.68% on the testing set in terms of average mAP. Our solution ranked the 2rd in this challenge, and we hope our method can serve as a baseline for future academic research.      
### 51.3D Object Detection for Autonomous Driving: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10823.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving is regarded as one of the most promising remedies to shield human beings from severe crashes. To this end, 3D object detection serves as the core basis of such perception system especially for the sake of path planning, motion prediction, collision avoidance, etc. Generally, stereo or monocular images with corresponding 3D point clouds are already standard layout for 3D object detection, out of which point clouds are increasingly prevalent with accurate depth information being provided. Despite existing efforts, 3D object detection on point clouds is still in its infancy due to high sparseness and irregularity of point clouds by nature, misalignment view between camera view and LiDAR bird's eye of view for modality synergies, occlusions and scale variations at long distances, etc. Recently, profound progress has been made in 3D object detection, with a large body of literature being investigated to address this vision task. As such, we present a comprehensive review of the latest progress in this field covering all the main topics including sensors, fundamentals, and the recent state-of-the-art detection methods with their pros and cons. Furthermore, we introduce metrics and provide quantitative comparisons on popular public datasets. The avenues for future work are going to be judiciously identified after an in-deep analysis of the surveyed works. Finally, we conclude this paper.      
### 52.Structured Sparse R-CNN for Direct Scene Graph Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10815.pdf)
>  Scene graph generation (SGG) is to detect entity pairs with their relations in an image. Existing SGG approaches often use multi-stage pipelines to decompose this task into object detection, relation graph construction, and dense or dense-to-sparse relation prediction. Instead, from a perspective on SGG as a direct set prediction, this paper presents a simple, sparse, and unified framework for relation detection, termed as Structured Sparse R-CNN. The key to our method is a set of learnable triplet queries and structured triplet detectors which could be jointly optimized from the training set in an end-to-end manner. Specifically, the triplet queries encode the general prior for entity pair locations, categories, and their relations, and provide an initial guess of relation detection for subsequent refinement. The triplet detector presents a cascaded dynamic head design to progressively refine the results of relation detection. In addition, to relieve the training difficulty of Structured Sparse R-CNN, we propose a relaxed and enhanced training strategy based on knowledge distillation from a Siamese Sparse R-CNN. We also propose adaptive focusing parameter and average logit approach for imbalance data distribution. We perform experiments on two benchmarks: Visual Genome and Open Images, and the results demonstrate that our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance. Meanwhile, we perform in-depth ablation studies to provide insights on our structured modeling in triplet detector design and training strategies.      
### 53.ToAlign: Task-oriented Alignment for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10812.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptive classification intends to improve theclassification performance on unlabeled target domain. To alleviate the adverse effect of domain shift, many approaches align the source and target domains in the feature space. However, a feature is usually taken as a whole for alignment without explicitly making domain alignment proactively serve the classification task, leading to sub-optimal solution. What sub-feature should be aligned for better adaptation is under-explored. In this paper, we propose an effective Task-oriented Alignment (ToAlign) for unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA). We study what features should be aligned across domains and propose to make the domain alignment proactively serve classification by performing feature decomposition and alignment under the guidance of the prior knowledge induced from the classification taskitself. Particularly, we explicitly decompose a feature in the source domain intoa task-related/discriminative feature that should be aligned, and a task-irrelevant feature that should be avoided/ignored, based on the classification meta-knowledge. Extensive experimental results on various benchmarks (e.g., Office-Home, Visda-2017, and DomainNet) under different domain adaptation settings demonstrate theeffectiveness of ToAlign which helps achieve the state-of-the-art performance.      
### 54.DiGS : Divergence guided shape implicit neural representation for unoriented point clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10811.pdf)
>  Neural shape representations have recently shown to be effective in shape analysis and reconstruction tasks. Existing neural network methods require point coordinates and corresponding normal vectors to learn the implicit level sets of the shape. Normal vectors are often not provided as raw data, therefore, approximation and reorientation are required as pre-processing stages, both of which can introduce noise. In this paper, we propose a divergence guided shape representation learning approach that does not require normal vectors as input. We show that incorporating a soft constraint on the divergence of the distance function favours smooth solutions that reliably orients gradients to match the unknown normal at each point, in some cases even better than approaches that use ground truth normal vectors directly. Additionally, we introduce a novel geometric initialization method for sinusoidal shape representation networks that further improves convergence to the desired solution. We evaluate the effectiveness of our approach on the task of surface reconstruction and show state-of-the-art performance compared to other unoriented methods and on-par performance compared to oriented methods.      
### 55.Large-scale image segmentation based on distributed clustering algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10795.pdf)
>  Many approaches to 3D image segmentation are based on hierarchical clustering of supervoxels into image regions. Here we describe a distributed algorithm capable of handling a tremendous number of supervoxels. The algorithm works recursively, the regions are divided into chunks that are processed independently in parallel by multiple workers. At each round of the recursive procedure, the chunk size in all dimensions are doubled until a single chunk encompasses the entire image. The final result is provably independent of the chunking scheme, and the same as if the entire image were processed without division into chunks. This is nontrivial because a pair of adjacent regions is scored by some statistical property (e.g. mean or median) of the affinities at the interface, and the interface may extend over arbitrarily many chunks. The trick is to delay merge decisions for regions that touch chunk boundaries, and only complete them in a later round after the regions are fully contained within a chunk. We demonstrate the algorithm by clustering an affinity graph with over 1.5 trillion edges between 135 billion supervoxels derived from a 3D electron microscopic brain image.      
### 56.Adversarial Manifold Matching via Deep Metric Learning for Generative Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10777.pdf)
>  We propose a manifold matching approach to generative models which includes a distribution generator (or data generator) and a metric generator. In our framework, we view the real data set as some manifold embedded in a high-dimensional Euclidean space. The distribution generator aims at generating samples that follow some distribution condensed around the real data manifold. It is achieved by matching two sets of points using their geometric shape descriptors, such as centroid and $p$-diameter, with learned distance metric; the metric generator utilizes both real data and generated samples to learn a distance metric which is close to some intrinsic geodesic distance on the real data manifold. The produced distance metric is further used for manifold matching. The two networks are learned simultaneously during the training process. We apply the approach on both unsupervised and supervised learning tasks: in unconditional image generation task, the proposed method obtains competitive results compared with existing generative models; in super-resolution task, we incorporate the framework in perception-based models and improve visual qualities by producing samples with more natural textures. Both theoretical analysis and real data experiments guarantee the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed framework.      
### 57.Learning to Track Object Position through Occlusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10766.pdf)
>  Occlusion is one of the most significant challenges encountered by object detectors and trackers. While both object detection and tracking has received a lot of attention in the past, most existing methods in this domain do not target detecting or tracking objects when they are occluded. However, being able to detect or track an object of interest through occlusion has been a long standing challenge for different autonomous tasks. Traditional methods that employ visual object trackers with explicit occlusion modeling experience drift and make several fundamental assumptions about the data. We propose to address this with a `tracking-by-detection` approach that builds upon the success of region based video object detectors. Our video level object detector uses a novel recurrent computational unit at its core that enables long term propagation of object features even under occlusion. Finally, we compare our approach with existing state-of-the-art video object detectors and show that our approach achieves superior results on a dataset of furniture assembly videos collected from the internet, where small objects like screws, nuts, and bolts often get occluded from the camera viewpoint.      
### 58.Mobile Sensing for Multipurpose Applications in Transportation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10733.pdf)
>  Routine and consistent data collection is required to address contemporary transportation issues.The cost of data collection increases significantly when sophisticated machines are used to collect data. Due to this constraint, State Departments of Transportation struggles to collect consistent data for analyzing and resolving transportation problems in a timely manner. Recent advancements in the sensors integrated into smartphones have resulted in a more affordable method of data collection.The primary objective of this study is to develop and implement a smartphone application for data collection.The currently designed app consists of three major modules: a frontend graphical user interface (GUI), a sensor module, and a backend module. While the frontend user interface enables interaction with the app, the sensor modules collect relevant data such as video and accelerometer readings while the app is in use. The backend, on the other hand, is made up of firebase storage, which is used to store the gathered <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://data.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> comparison to other developed apps for collecting pavement information, this current app is not overly reliant on the internet enabling the app to be used in areas of restricted internet access.The developed application was evaluated by collecting data on the i70W highway connecting Columbia, Missouri, and Kansas City, Missouri.The data was analyzed for a variety of purposes, including calculating the International Roughness Index (IRI), identifying pavement distresses, and understanding driver's behaviour and environment .The results of the application indicate that the data collected by the app is of high quality.      
### 59.Neighborhood Contrastive Learning for Novel Class Discovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10731.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address Novel Class Discovery (NCD), the task of unveiling new classes in a set of unlabeled samples given a labeled dataset with known classes. We exploit the peculiarities of NCD to build a new framework, named Neighborhood Contrastive Learning (NCL), to learn discriminative representations that are important to clustering performance. Our contribution is twofold. First, we find that a feature extractor trained on the labeled set generates representations in which a generic query sample and its neighbors are likely to share the same class. We exploit this observation to retrieve and aggregate pseudo-positive pairs with contrastive learning, thus encouraging the model to learn more discriminative representations. Second, we notice that most of the instances are easily discriminated by the network, contributing less to the contrastive loss. To overcome this issue, we propose to generate hard negatives by mixing labeled and unlabeled samples in the feature space. We experimentally demonstrate that these two ingredients significantly contribute to clustering performance and lead our model to outperform state-of-the-art methods by a large margin (e.g., clustering accuracy +13% on CIFAR-100 and +8% on ImageNet).      
### 60.Automated Deepfake Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10705.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose to utilize Automated Machine Learning to automatically search architecture for deepfake detection. Unlike previous works, our method benefits from the superior capability of deep learning while relieving us from the high labor cost in the manual network design process. It is experimentally proved that our proposed method not only outperforms previous non-deep learning methods but achieves comparable or even better prediction accuracy compared to previous deep learning methods. To improve the generality of our method, especially when training data and testing data are manipulated by different methods, we propose a multi-task strategy in our network learning process, making it estimate potential manipulation regions in given samples as well as predict whether the samples are real. Comparing to previous works using similar strategies, our method depends much less on prior knowledge, such as no need to know which manipulation method is utilized and whether it is utilized already. Extensive experimental results on two benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method on deepfake detection.      
### 61.Plant Disease Detection Using Image Processing and Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10698.pdf)
>  One of the important and tedious task in agricultural practices is the detection of the disease on crops. It requires huge time as well as skilled labor. This paper proposes a smart and efficient technique for detection of crop disease which uses computer vision and machine learning techniques. The proposed system is able to detect 20 different diseases of 5 common plants with 93% accuracy.      
### 62.NeuS: Learning Neural Implicit Surfaces by Volume Rendering for Multi-view Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10689.pdf)
>  We present a novel neural surface reconstruction method, called NeuS, for reconstructing objects and scenes with high fidelity from 2D image inputs. Existing neural surface reconstruction approaches, such as DVR and IDR, require foreground mask as supervision, easily get trapped in local minima, and therefore struggle with the reconstruction of objects with severe self-occlusion or thin structures. Meanwhile, recent neural methods for novel view synthesis, such as NeRF and its variants, use volume rendering to produce a neural scene representation with robustness of optimization, even for highly complex objects. However, extracting high-quality surfaces from this learned implicit representation is difficult because there are not sufficient surface constraints in the representation. In NeuS, we propose to represent a surface as the zero-level set of a signed distance function (SDF) and develop a new volume rendering method to train a neural SDF representation. We observe that the conventional volume rendering method causes inherent geometric errors (i.e. bias) for surface reconstruction, and therefore propose a new formulation that is free of bias in the first order of approximation, thus leading to more accurate surface reconstruction even without the mask supervision. Experiments on the DTU dataset and the BlendedMVS dataset show that NeuS outperforms the state-of-the-arts in high-quality surface reconstruction, especially for objects and scenes with complex structures and self-occlusion.      
### 63.Quality-Aware Memory Network for Interactive Volumetric Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10686.pdf)
>  Despite recent progress of automatic medical image segmentation techniques, fully automatic results usually fail to meet the clinical use and typically require further refinement. In this work, we propose a quality-aware memory network for interactive segmentation of 3D medical images. Provided by user guidance on an arbitrary slice, an interaction network is firstly employed to obtain an initial 2D segmentation. The quality-aware memory network subsequently propagates the initial segmentation estimation bidirectionally over the entire volume. Subsequent refinement based on additional user guidance on other slices can be incorporated in the same manner. To further facilitate interactive segmentation, a quality assessment module is introduced to suggest the next slice to segment based on the current segmentation quality of each slice. The proposed network has two appealing characteristics: 1) The memory-augmented network offers the ability to quickly encode past segmentation information, which will be retrieved for the segmentation of other slices; 2) The quality assessment module enables the model to directly estimate the qualities of segmentation predictions, which allows an active learning paradigm where users preferentially label the lowest-quality slice for multi-round refinement. The proposed network leads to a robust interactive segmentation engine, which can generalize well to various types of user annotations (e.g., scribbles, boxes). Experimental results on various medical datasets demonstrate the superiority of our approach in comparison with existing techniques.      
### 64.Solution for Large-scale Long-tailed Recognition with Noisy Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10683.pdf)
>  This is a technical report for CVPR 2021 AliProducts Challenge. AliProducts Challenge is a competition proposed for studying the large-scale and fine-grained commodity image recognition problem encountered by worldleading ecommerce companies. The large-scale product recognition simultaneously meets the challenge of noisy annotations, imbalanced (long-tailed) data distribution and fine-grained classification. In our solution, we adopt stateof-the-art model architectures of both CNNs and Transformer, including ResNeSt, EfficientNetV2, and DeiT. We found that iterative data cleaning, classifier weight normalization, high-resolution finetuning, and test time augmentation are key components to improve the performance of training with the noisy and imbalanced dataset. Finally, we obtain 6.4365% mean class error rate in the leaderboard with our ensemble model.      
### 65.Tag, Copy or Predict: A Unified Weakly-Supervised Learning Framework for Visual Information Extraction using Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10681.pdf)
>  Visual information extraction (VIE) has attracted increasing attention in recent years. The existing methods usually first organized optical character recognition (OCR) results into plain texts and then utilized token-level entity annotations as supervision to train a sequence tagging model. However, it expends great annotation costs and may be exposed to label confusion, and the OCR errors will also significantly affect the final performance. In this paper, we propose a unified weakly-supervised learning framework called TCPN (Tag, Copy or Predict Network), which introduces 1) an efficient encoder to simultaneously model the semantic and layout information in 2D OCR results; 2) a weakly-supervised training strategy that utilizes only key information sequences as supervision; and 3) a flexible and switchable decoder which contains two inference modes: one (Copy or Predict Mode) is to output key information sequences of different categories by copying a token from the input or predicting one in each time step, and the other (Tag Mode) is to directly tag the input sequence in a single forward pass. Our method shows new state-of-the-art performance on several public benchmarks, which fully proves its effectiveness.      
### 66.Exploring Semantic Relationships for Unpaired Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10658.pdf)
>  Recently, image captioning has aroused great interest in both academic and industrial worlds. Most existing systems are built upon large-scale datasets consisting of image-sentence pairs, which, however, are time-consuming to construct. In addition, even for the most advanced image captioning systems, it is still difficult to realize deep image understanding. In this work, we achieve unpaired image captioning by bridging the vision and the language domains with high-level semantic information. The motivation stems from the fact that the semantic concepts with the same modality can be extracted from both images and descriptions. To further improve the quality of captions generated by the model, we propose the Semantic Relationship Explorer, which explores the relationships between semantic concepts for better understanding of the image. Extensive experiments on MSCOCO dataset show that we can generate desirable captions without paired datasets. Furthermore, the proposed approach boosts five strong baselines under the paired setting, where the most significant improvement in CIDEr score reaches 8%, demonstrating that it is effective and generalizes well to a wide range of models.      
### 67.CAMERAS: Enhanced Resolution And Sanity preserving Class Activation Mapping for image saliency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10649.pdf)
>  Backpropagation image saliency aims at explaining model predictions by estimating model-centric importance of individual pixels in the input. However, class-insensitivity of the earlier layers in a network only allows saliency computation with low resolution activation maps of the deeper layers, resulting in compromised image saliency. Remedifying this can lead to sanity failures. We propose CAMERAS, a technique to compute high-fidelity backpropagation saliency maps without requiring any external priors and preserving the map sanity. Our method systematically performs multi-scale accumulation and fusion of the activation maps and backpropagated gradients to compute precise saliency maps. From accurate image saliency to articulation of relative importance of input features for different models, and precise discrimination between model perception of visually similar objects, our high-resolution mapping offers multiple novel insights into the black-box deep visual models, which are presented in the paper. We also demonstrate the utility of our saliency maps in adversarial setup by drastically reducing the norm of attack signals by focusing them on the precise regions identified by our maps. Our method also inspires new evaluation metrics and a sanity check for this developing research direction. Code is available here <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VisMIL/CAMERAS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 68.More than Encoder: Introducing Transformer Decoder to Upsample  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10637.pdf)
>  General segmentation models downsample images and then upsample to restore resolution for pixel level prediction. In such schema, upsample technique is vital in maintaining information for better performance. In this paper, we present a new upsample approach, Attention Upsample (AU), that could serve as general upsample method and be incorporated into any segmentation model that possesses lateral connections. AU leverages pixel-level attention to model long range dependency and global information for better reconstruction. It consists of Attention Decoder (AD) and bilinear upsample as residual connection to complement the upsampled features. AD adopts the idea of decoder from transformer which upsamples features conditioned on local and detailed information from contracting path. Moreover, considering the extensive memory and computation cost of pixel-level attention, we further propose to use window attention scheme to restrict attention computation in local windows instead of global range. Incorporating window attention, we denote our decoder as Window Attention Decoder (WAD) and our upsample method as Window Attention Upsample (WAU). We test our method on classic U-Net structure with lateral connection to deliver information from contracting path and achieve state-of-the-arts performance on Synapse (80.30 DSC and 23.12 HD) and MSD Brain (74.75 DSC) datasets.      
### 69.FloorPP-Net: Reconstructing Floor Plans using Point Pillars for Scan-to-BIM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10635.pdf)
>  This paper presents a deep learning-based point cloud processing method named FloorPP-Net for the task of Scan-to-BIM (building information model). FloorPP-Net first converts the input point cloud of a building story into point pillars (PP), then predicts the corners and edges to output the floor plan. Altogether, FloorPP-Net establishes an end-to-end supervised learning framework for the Scan-to-Floor-Plan (Scan2FP) task. In the 1st International Scan-to-BIM Challenge held in conjunction with CVPR 2021, FloorPP-Net was ranked the second runner-up in the floor plan reconstruction track. Future work includes general edge proposals, 2D plan regularization, and 3D BIM reconstruction.      
### 70.Augmented 2D-TAN: A Two-stage Approach for Human-centric Spatio-Temporal Video Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10634.pdf)
>  We propose an effective two-stage approach to tackle the problem of language-based Human-centric Spatio-Temporal Video Grounding (HC-STVG) task. In the first stage, we propose an Augmented 2D Temporal Adjacent Network (Augmented 2D-TAN) to temporally ground the target moment corresponding to the given description. Primarily, we improve the original 2D-TAN from two aspects: First, a temporal context-aware Bi-LSTM Aggregation Module is developed to aggregate clip-level representations, replacing the original max-pooling. Second, we propose to employ Random Concatenation Augmentation (RCA) mechanism during the training phase. In the second stage, we use pretrained MDETR model to generate per-frame bounding boxes via language query, and design a set of hand-crafted rules to select the best matching bounding box outputted by MDETR for each frame within the grounded moment.      
### 71.Attack to Fool and Explain Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10606.pdf)
>  Deep visual models are susceptible to adversarial perturbations to inputs. Although these signals are carefully crafted, they still appear noise-like patterns to humans. This observation has led to the argument that deep visual representation is misaligned with human perception. We counter-argue by providing evidence of human-meaningful patterns in adversarial perturbations. We first propose an attack that fools a network to confuse a whole category of objects (source class) with a target label. Our attack also limits the unintended fooling by samples from non-sources classes, thereby circumscribing human-defined semantic notions for network fooling. We show that the proposed attack not only leads to the emergence of regular geometric patterns in the perturbations, but also reveals insightful information about the decision boundaries of deep models. Exploring this phenomenon further, we alter the `adversarial' objective of our attack to use it as a tool to `explain' deep visual representation. We show that by careful channeling and projection of the perturbations computed by our method, we can visualize a model's understanding of human-defined semantic notions. Finally, we exploit the explanability properties of our perturbations to perform image generation, inpainting and interactive image manipulation by attacking adversarialy robust `classifiers'.In all, our major contribution is a novel pragmatic adversarial attack that is subsequently transformed into a tool to interpret the visual models. The article also makes secondary contributions in terms of establishing the utility of our attack beyond the adversarial objective with multiple interesting applications.      
### 72.Remote Sensing Images Semantic Segmentation with General Remote Sensing Vision Model via a Self-Supervised Contrastive Learning Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10605.pdf)
>  A new learning paradigm, self-supervised learning (SSL), can be used to solve such problems by pre-training a general model with large unlabeled images and then fine-tuning on a downstream task with very few labeled samples. Contrastive learning is a typical method of SSL, which can learn general invariant features. However, most of the existing contrastive learning is designed for classification tasks to obtain an image-level representation, which may be sub-optimal for semantic segmentation tasks requiring pixel-level discrimination. Therefore, we propose Global style and Local matching Contrastive Learning Network (GLCNet) for remote sensing semantic segmentation. Specifically, the global style contrastive module is used to learn an image-level representation better, as we consider the style features can better represent the overall image features; The local features matching contrastive module is designed to learn representations of local regions which is beneficial for semantic segmentation. We evaluate four remote sensing semantic segmentation datasets, and the experimental results show that our method mostly outperforms state-of-the-art self-supervised methods and ImageNet pre-training. Specifically, with 1\% annotation from the original dataset, our approach improves Kappa by 6\% on the ISPRS Potsdam dataset and 3\% on Deep Globe Land Cover Classification dataset relative to the existing baseline. Moreover, our method outperforms supervised learning when there are some differences between the datasets of upstream tasks and downstream tasks. Our study promotes the development of self-supervised learning in the field of remote sensing semantic segmentation. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/GeoX-Lab/G-RSIM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 73.ReGO: Reference-Guided Outpainting for Scenery Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10601.pdf)
>  We aim to tackle the challenging yet practical scenery image outpainting task in this work. Recently, generative adversarial learning has significantly advanced the image outpainting by producing semantic consistent content for the given image. However, the existing methods always suffer from the blurry texture and the artifacts of the generative part, making the overall outpainting results lack authenticity. To overcome the weakness, this work investigates a principle way to synthesize texture-rich results by borrowing pixels from its neighbors (\ie, reference images), named \textbf{Re}ference-\textbf{G}uided \textbf{O}utpainting (ReGO). Particularly, the ReGO designs an Adaptive Content Selection (ACS) module to transfer the pixel of reference images for texture compensating of the target one. To prevent the style of the generated part from being affected by the reference images, a style ranking loss is further proposed to augment the ReGO to synthesize style-consistent results. Extensive experiments on two popular benchmarks, NS6K~\cite{yangzx} and NS8K~\cite{wang}, well demonstrate the effectiveness of our ReGO.      
### 74.TGRNet: A Table Graph Reconstruction Network for Table Structure Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10598.pdf)
>  A table arranging data in rows and columns is a very effective data structure, which has been widely used in business and scientific research. Considering large-scale tabular data in online and offline documents, automatic table recognition has attracted increasing attention from the document analysis community. Though human can easily understand the structure of tables, it remains a challenge for machines to understand that, especially due to a variety of different table layouts and styles. Existing methods usually model a table as either the markup sequence or the adjacency matrix between different table cells, failing to address the importance of the logical location of table cells, e.g., a cell is located in the first row and the second column of the table. In this paper, we reformulate the problem of table structure recognition as the table graph reconstruction, and propose an end-to-end trainable table graph reconstruction network (TGRNet) for table structure recognition. Specifically, the proposed method has two main branches, a cell detection branch and a cell logical location branch, to jointly predict the spatial location and the logical location of different cells. Experimental results on three popular table recognition datasets and a new dataset with table graph annotations (TableGraph-350K) demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed TGRNet for table structure recognition. Code and annotations will be made publicly available.      
### 75.Low-Power Multi-Camera Object Re-Identification using Hierarchical Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10588.pdf)
>  Low-power computer vision on embedded devices has many applications. This paper describes a low-power technique for the object re-identification (reID) problem: matching a query image against a gallery of previously seen images. State-of-the-art techniques rely on large, computationally-intensive Deep Neural Networks (DNNs). We propose a novel hierarchical DNN architecture that uses attribute labels in the training dataset to perform efficient object reID. At each node in the hierarchy, a small DNN identifies a different attribute of the query image. The small DNN at each leaf node is specialized to re-identify a subset of the gallery: only the images with the attributes identified along the path from the root to a leaf. Thus, a query image is re-identified accurately after processing with a few small DNNs. We compare our method with state-of-the-art object reID techniques. With a 4% loss in accuracy, our approach realizes significant resource savings: 74% less memory, 72% fewer operations, and 67% lower query latency, yielding 65% less energy consumption.      
### 76.Exploring Vision Transformers for Fine-grained Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10587.pdf)
>  Existing computer vision research in categorization struggles with fine-grained attributes recognition due to the inherently high intra-class variances and low inter-class variances. SOTA methods tackle this challenge by locating the most informative image regions and rely on them to classify the complete image. The most recent work, Vision Transformer (ViT), shows its strong performance in both traditional and fine-grained classification tasks. In this work, we propose a multi-stage ViT framework for fine-grained image classification tasks, which localizes the informative image regions without requiring architectural changes using the inherent multi-head self-attention mechanism. We also introduce attention-guided augmentations for improving the model's capabilities. We demonstrate the value of our approach by experimenting with four popular fine-grained benchmarks: CUB-200-2011, Stanford Cars, Stanford Dogs, and FGVC7 Plant Pathology. We also prove our model's interpretability via qualitative results.      
### 77.Supervised learning for crop/weed classification based on color and texture features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10581.pdf)
>  Computer vision techniques have attracted a great interest in precision agriculture, recently. The common goal of all computer vision-based precision agriculture tasks is to detect the objects of interest (e.g., crop, weed) and discriminating them from the background. The Weeds are unwanted plants growing among crops competing for nutrients, water, and sunlight, causing losses to crop yields. Weed detection and mapping is critical for site-specific weed management to reduce the cost of labor and impact of herbicides. This paper investigates the use of color and texture features for discrimination of Soybean crops and weeds. Feature extraction methods including two color spaces (RGB, HSV), gray level Co-occurrence matrix (GLCM), and Local Binary Pattern (LBP) are used to train the Support Vector Machine (SVM) classifier. The experiment was carried out on image dataset of soybean crop, obtained from an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), which is publicly available. The results from the experiment showed that the highest accuracy (above 96%) was obtained from the combination of color and LBP features.      
### 78.VQA-Aid: Visual Question Answering for Post-Disaster Damage Assessment and Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10548.pdf)
>  Visual Question Answering system integrated with Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) has a lot of potentials to advance the post-disaster damage assessment purpose. Providing assistance to affected areas is highly dependent on real-time data assessment and analysis. Scope of the Visual Question Answering is to understand the scene and provide query related answer which certainly faster the recovery process after any disaster. In this work, we address the importance of \textit{visual question answering (VQA)} task for post-disaster damage assessment by presenting our recently developed VQA dataset called \textit{HurMic-VQA} collected during hurricane Michael, and comparing the performances of baseline VQA models.      
### 79.Video Summarization through Reinforcement Learning with a 3D Spatio-Temporal U-Net  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10528.pdf)
>  Intelligent video summarization algorithms allow to quickly convey the most relevant information in videos through the identification of the most essential and explanatory content while removing redundant video frames. In this paper, we introduce the 3DST-UNet-RL framework for video summarization. A 3D spatio-temporal U-Net is used to efficiently encode spatio-temporal information of the input videos for downstream reinforcement learning (RL). An RL agent learns from spatio-temporal latent scores and predicts actions for keeping or rejecting a video frame in a video summary. We investigate if real/inflated 3D spatio-temporal CNN features are better suited to learn representations from videos than commonly used 2D image features. Our framework can operate in both, a fully unsupervised mode and a supervised training mode. We analyse the impact of prescribed summary lengths and show experimental evidence for the effectiveness of 3DST-UNet-RL on two commonly used general video summarization benchmarks. We also applied our method on a medical video summarization task. The proposed video summarization method has the potential to save storage costs of ultrasound screening videos as well as to increase efficiency when browsing patient video data during retrospective analysis or audit without loosing essential information      
### 80.Exploring Visual Context for Weakly Supervised Person Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10506.pdf)
>  Person search has recently emerged as a challenging task that jointly addresses pedestrian detection and person re-identification. Existing approaches follow a fully supervised setting where both bounding box and identity annotations are available. However, annotating identities is labor-intensive, limiting the practicability and scalability of current frameworks. This paper inventively considers weakly supervised person search with only bounding box annotations. We proposed the first framework to address this novel task, namely Context-Guided Person Search (CGPS), by investigating three levels of context clues (i.e., detection, memory and scene) in unconstrained natural images. The first two are employed to promote local and global discriminative capabilities, while the latter enhances clustering accuracy. Despite its simple design, our CGPS boosts the baseline model by 8.3% in mAP on CUHK-SYSU. Surprisingly, it even achieves comparable performance to two-step person search models, while displaying higher efficiency. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ljpadam/CGPS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 81.CenterAtt: Fast 2-stage Center Attention Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10493.pdf)
>  In this technical report, we introduce the methods of HIKVISION_LiDAR_Det in the challenge of waymo open dataset real-time 3D detection. Our solution for the competition are built upon Centerpoint 3D detection framework. Several variants of CenterPoint are explored, including center attention head and feature pyramid network neck. In order to achieve real time detection, methods like batchnorm merge, half-precision floating point network and GPU-accelerated voxelization process are adopted. By using these methods, our team ranks 6th among all the methods on real-time 3D detection challenge in the waymo open dataset.      
### 82.CompConv: A Compact Convolution Module for Efficient Feature Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10486.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have achieved remarkable success in various computer vision tasks but rely on tremendous computational cost. To solve this problem, existing approaches either compress well-trained large-scale models or learn lightweight models with carefully designed network structures. In this work, we make a close study of the convolution operator, which is the basic unit used in CNNs, to reduce its computing load. In particular, we propose a compact convolution module, called CompConv, to facilitate efficient feature learning. With the divide-and-conquer strategy, CompConv is able to save a great many computations as well as parameters to produce a certain dimensional feature map. Furthermore, CompConv discreetly integrates the input features into the outputs to efficiently inherit the input information. More importantly, the novel CompConv is a plug-and-play module that can be directly applied to modern CNN structures to replace the vanilla convolution layers without further effort. Extensive experimental results suggest that CompConv can adequately compress the benchmark CNN structures yet barely sacrifice the performance, surpassing other competitors.      
### 83.Unbalanced Feature Transport for Exemplar-based Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10482.pdf)
>  Despite the great success of GANs in images translation with different conditioned inputs such as semantic segmentation and edge maps, generating high-fidelity realistic images with reference styles remains a grand challenge in conditional image-to-image translation. This paper presents a general image translation framework that incorporates optimal transport for feature alignment between conditional inputs and style exemplars in image translation. The introduction of optimal transport mitigates the constraint of many-to-one feature matching significantly while building up accurate semantic correspondences between conditional inputs and exemplars. We design a novel unbalanced optimal transport to address the transport between features with deviational distributions which exists widely between conditional inputs and exemplars. In addition, we design a semantic-activation normalization scheme that injects style features of exemplars into the image translation process successfully. Extensive experiments over multiple image translation tasks show that our method achieves superior image translation qualitatively and quantitatively as compared with the state-of-the-art.      
### 84.Practical Transferability Estimation for Image Classification Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10479.pdf)
>  Transferability estimation is an essential problem in transfer learning to predict how good the performance is when transfer a source model (source task) to a target task. Recent analytical transferability metrics have been widely used for source model selection and multi-task learning. Earlier metrics does not work sufficiently well under the challenging cross-domain cross-task transfer settings, but recent OTCE score achieves a noteworthy performance using auxiliary tasks. A simplified version named OT-based NCE score sacrifices accuracy to be more efficient, but it can be further improved. Consequently, we propose a practical transferability metric called JC-NCE score to further improve the cross-domain cross-task transferability estimation performance, which is more efficient than the OTCE score and more accurate than the OT-based NCE score. Specifically, we build the joint correspondences between source and target data via solving an optimal transport problem with considering both the sample distance and label distance, and then compute the transferability score as the negative conditional entropy. Extensive validations under the intra-dataset and inter-dataset transfer settings demonstrate that our JC-NCE score outperforms the OT-based NCE score with about 7% and 12% gains, respectively.      
### 85.Informative Class Activation Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10472.pdf)
>  We study how to evaluate the quantitative information content of a region within an image for a particular label. To this end, we bridge class activation maps with information theory. We develop an informative class activation map (infoCAM). Given a classification task, infoCAM depict how to accumulate information of partial regions to that of the entire image toward a label. Thus, we can utilise infoCAM to locate the most informative features for a label. When applied to an image classification task, infoCAM performs better than the traditional classification map in the weakly supervised object localisation task. We achieve state-of-the-art results on Tiny-ImageNet.      
### 86.Interactive Object Segmentation with Dynamic Click Transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10465.pdf)
>  In the interactive segmentation, users initially click on the target object to segment the main body and then provide corrections on mislabeled regions to iteratively refine the segmentation masks. Most existing methods transform these user-provided clicks into interaction maps and concatenate them with image as the input tensor. Typically, the interaction maps are determined by measuring the distance of each pixel to the clicked points, ignoring the relation between clicks and mislabeled regions. We propose a Dynamic Click Transform Network~(DCT-Net), consisting of Spatial-DCT and Feature-DCT, to better represent user interactions. Spatial-DCT transforms each user-provided click with individual diffusion distance according to the target scale, and Feature-DCT normalizes the extracted feature map to a specific distribution predicted from the clicked points. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method and achieve favorable performance compared to the state-of-the-art on three standard benchmark datasets.      
### 87.Place recognition survey: An update on deep learning approaches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10458.pdf)
>  Autonomous Vehicles (AV) are becoming more capable of navigating in complex environments with dynamic and changing conditions. A key component that enables these intelligent vehicles to overcome such conditions and become more autonomous is the sophistication of the perception and localization systems. As part of the localization system, place recognition has benefited from recent developments in other perception tasks such as place categorization or object recognition, namely with the emergence of deep learning (DL) frameworks. This paper surveys recent approaches and methods used in place recognition, particularly those based on deep learning. The contributions of this work are twofold: surveying recent sensors such as 3D LiDARs and RADARs, applied in place recognition; and categorizing the various DL-based place recognition works into supervised, unsupervised, semi-supervised, parallel, and hierarchical categories. First, this survey introduces key place recognition concepts to contextualize the reader. Then, sensor characteristics are addressed. This survey proceeds by elaborating on the various DL-based works, presenting summaries for each framework. Some lessons learned from this survey include: the importance of NetVLAD for supervised end-to-end learning; the advantages of unsupervised approaches in place recognition, namely for cross-domain applications; or the increasing tendency of recent works to seek, not only for higher performance but also for higher efficiency.      
### 88.Humble Teachers Teach Better Students for Semi-Supervised Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10456.pdf)
>  We propose a semi-supervised approach for contemporary object detectors following the teacher-student dual model framework. Our method is featured with 1) the exponential moving averaging strategy to update the teacher from the student online, 2) using plenty of region proposals and soft pseudo-labels as the student's training targets, and 3) a light-weighted detection-specific data ensemble for the teacher to generate more reliable pseudo-labels. Compared to the recent state-of-the-art -- STAC, which uses hard labels on sparsely selected hard pseudo samples, the teacher in our model exposes richer information to the student with soft-labels on many proposals. Our model achieves COCO-style AP of 53.04% on VOC07 val set, 8.4% better than STAC, when using VOC12 as unlabeled data. On MS-COCO, it outperforms prior work when only a small percentage of data is taken as labeled. It also reaches 53.8% AP on MS-COCO test-dev with 3.1% gain over the fully supervised ResNet-152 Cascaded R-CNN, by tapping into unlabeled data of a similar size to the labeled data.      
### 89.MSN: Efficient Online Mask Selection Network for Video Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10452.pdf)
>  In this work we present a novel solution for Video Instance Segmentation(VIS), that is automatically generating instance level segmentation masks along with object class and tracking them in a video. Our method improves the masks from segmentation and propagation branches in an online manner using the Mask Selection Network (MSN) hence limiting the noise accumulation during mask tracking. We propose an effective design of MSN by using patch-based convolutional neural network. The network is able to distinguish between very subtle differences between the masks and choose the better masks out of the associated masks accurately. Further, we make use of temporal consistency and process the video sequences in both forward and reverse manner as a post processing step to recover lost objects. The proposed method can be used to adapt any video object segmentation method for the task of VIS. Our method achieves a score of 49.1 mAP on 2021 YouTube-VIS Challenge and was ranked third place among more than 30 global teams. Our code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SHI-Labs/Mask-Selection-Networks" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 90.Attend What You Need: Motion-Appearance Synergistic Networks for Video Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10446.pdf)
>  Video Question Answering is a task which requires an AI agent to answer questions grounded in video. This task entails three key challenges: (1) understand the intention of various questions, (2) capturing various elements of the input video (e.g., object, action, causality), and (3) cross-modal grounding between language and vision information. We propose Motion-Appearance Synergistic Networks (MASN), which embed two cross-modal features grounded on motion and appearance information and selectively utilize them depending on the question's intentions. MASN consists of a motion module, an appearance module, and a motion-appearance fusion module. The motion module computes the action-oriented cross-modal joint representations, while the appearance module focuses on the appearance aspect of the input video. Finally, the motion-appearance fusion module takes each output of the motion module and the appearance module as input, and performs question-guided fusion. As a result, MASN achieves new state-of-the-art performance on the TGIF-QA and MSVD-QA datasets. We also conduct qualitative analysis by visualizing the inference results of MASN. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ahjeongseo/MASN-pytorch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 91.Neural Network Facial Authentication for Public Electric Vehicle Charging Station  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10432.pdf)
>  This study is to investigate and compare the facial recognition accuracy performance of Dlib ResNet against a K-Nearest Neighbour (KNN) classifier. Particularly when used against a dataset from an Asian ethnicity as Dlib ResNet was reported to have an accuracy deficiency when it comes to Asian faces. The comparisons are both implemented on the facial vectors extracted using the Histogram of Oriented Gradients (HOG) method and use the same dataset for a fair comparison. Authentication of a user by facial recognition in an electric vehicle (EV) charging station demonstrates a practical use case for such an authentication system.      
### 92.AdaZoom: Adaptive Zoom Network for Multi-Scale Object Detection in Large Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10409.pdf)
>  Detection in large-scale scenes is a challenging problem due to small objects and extreme scale variation. It is essential to focus on the image regions of small objects. In this paper, we propose a novel Adaptive Zoom (AdaZoom) network as a selective magnifier with flexible shape and focal length to adaptively zoom the focus regions for object detection. Based on policy gradient, we construct a reinforcement learning framework for focus region generation, with the reward formulated by object distributions. The scales and aspect ratios of the generated regions are adaptive to the scales and distribution of objects inside. We apply variable magnification according to the scale of the region for adaptive multi-scale detection. We further propose collaborative training to complementarily promote the performance of AdaZoom and the detection network. To validate the effectiveness, we conduct extensive experiments on VisDrone2019, UAVDT, and DOTA datasets. The experiments show AdaZoom brings a consistent and significant improvement over different detection networks, achieving state-of-the-art performance on these datasets, especially outperforming the existing methods by AP of 4.64% on Vis-Drone2019.      
### 93.Dynamical Deep Generative Latent Modeling of 3D Skeletal Motion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10393.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a Bayesian switching dynamical model for segmentation of 3D pose data over time that uncovers interpretable patterns in the data and is generative. Our model decomposes highly correlated skeleton data into a set of few spatial basis of switching temporal processes in a low-dimensional latent framework. We parameterize these temporal processes with regard to a switching deep vector autoregressive prior in order to accommodate both multimodal and higher-order nonlinear inter-dependencies. This results in a dynamical deep generative latent model that parses the meaningful intrinsic states in the dynamics of 3D pose data using approximate variational inference, and enables a realistic low-level dynamical generation and segmentation of complex skeleton movements. Our experiments on four biological motion data containing bat flight, salsa dance, walking, and golf datasets substantiate superior performance of our model in comparison with the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 94.The Animal ID Problem: Continual Curation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10377.pdf)
>  Hoping to stimulate new research in individual animal identification from images, we propose to formulate the problem as the human-machine Continual Curation of images and animal identities. This is an open world recognition problem, where most new animals enter the system after its algorithms are initially trained and deployed. Continual Curation, as defined here, requires (1) an improvement in the effectiveness of current recognition methods, (2) a pairwise verification algorithm that allows the possibility of no decision, and (3) an algorithmic decision mechanism that seeks human input to guide the curation process. Error metrics must evaluate the ability of recognition algorithms to identify not only animals that have been seen just once or twice but also recognize new animals not in the database. An important measure of overall system performance is accuracy as a function of the amount of human input required.      
### 95.Single View Physical Distance Estimation using Human Pose  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10335.pdf)
>  We propose a fully automated system that simultaneously estimates the camera intrinsics, the ground plane, and physical distances between people from a single RGB image or video captured by a camera viewing a 3-D scene from a fixed vantage point. To automate camera calibration and distance estimation, we leverage priors about human pose and develop a novel direct formulation for pose-based auto-calibration and distance estimation, which shows state-of-the-art performance on publicly available datasets. The proposed approach enables existing camera systems to measure physical distances without needing a dedicated calibration process or range sensors, and is applicable to a broad range of use cases such as social distancing and workplace safety. Furthermore, to enable evaluation and drive research in this area, we contribute to the publicly available MEVA dataset with additional distance annotations, resulting in MEVADA -- the first evaluation benchmark in the world for the pose-based auto-calibration and distance estimation problem.      
### 96.A system of vision sensor based deep neural networks for complex driving scene analysis in support of crash risk assessment and prevention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10319.pdf)
>  To assist human drivers and autonomous vehicles in assessing crash risks, driving scene analysis using dash cameras on vehicles and deep learning algorithms is of paramount importance. Although these technologies are increasingly available, driving scene analysis for this purpose still remains a challenge. This is mainly due to the lack of annotated large image datasets for analyzing crash risk indicators and crash likelihood, and the lack of an effective method to extract lots of required information from complex driving scenes. To fill the gap, this paper develops a scene analysis system. The Multi-Net of the system includes two multi-task neural networks that perform scene classification to provide four labels for each scene. The DeepLab v3 and YOLO v3 are combined by the system to detect and locate risky pedestrians and the nearest vehicles. All identified information can provide the situational awareness to autonomous vehicles or human drivers for identifying crash risks from the surrounding traffic. To address the scarcity of annotated image datasets for studying traffic crashes, two completely new datasets have been developed by this paper and made available to the public, which were proved to be effective in training the proposed deep neural networks. The paper further evaluates the performance of the Multi-Net and the efficiency of the developed system. Comprehensive scene analysis is further illustrated with representative examples. Results demonstrate the effectiveness of the developed system and datasets for driving scene analysis, and their supportiveness for crash risk assessment and crash prevention.      
### 97.Towards Single Stage Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10309.pdf)
>  The costly process of obtaining semantic segmentation labels has driven research towards weakly supervised semantic segmentation (WSSS) methods, using only image-level, point, or box labels. The lack of dense scene representation requires methods to increase complexity to obtain additional semantic information about the scene, often done through multiple stages of training and refinement. Current state-of-the-art (SOTA) models leverage image-level labels to produce class activation maps (CAMs) which go through multiple stages of refinement before they are thresholded to make pseudo-masks for supervision. The multi-stage approach is computationally expensive, and dependency on image-level labels for CAMs generation lacks generalizability to more complex scenes. In contrary, our method offers a single-stage approach generalizable to arbitrary dataset, that is trainable from scratch, without any dependency on pre-trained backbones, classification, or separate refinement tasks. We utilize point annotations to generate reliable, on-the-fly pseudo-masks through refined and filtered features. While our method requires point annotations that are only slightly more expensive than image-level annotations, we are to demonstrate SOTA performance on benchmark datasets (PascalVOC 2012), as well as significantly outperform other SOTA WSSS methods on recent real-world datasets (CRAID, CityPersons, IAD).      
### 98.How Do Adam and Training Strategies Help BNNs Optimization?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11309.pdf)
>  The best performing Binary Neural Networks (BNNs) are usually attained using Adam optimization and its multi-step training variants. However, to the best of our knowledge, few studies explore the fundamental reasons why Adam is superior to other optimizers like SGD for BNN optimization or provide analytical explanations that support specific training strategies. To address this, in this paper we first investigate the trajectories of gradients and weights in BNNs during the training process. We show the regularization effect of second-order momentum in Adam is crucial to revitalize the weights that are dead due to the activation saturation in BNNs. We find that Adam, through its adaptive learning rate strategy, is better equipped to handle the rugged loss surface of BNNs and reaches a better optimum with higher generalization ability. Furthermore, we inspect the intriguing role of the real-valued weights in binary networks, and reveal the effect of weight decay on the stability and sluggishness of BNN optimization. Through extensive experiments and analysis, we derive a simple training scheme, building on existing Adam-based optimization, which achieves 70.5% top-1 accuracy on the ImageNet dataset using the same architecture as the state-of-the-art ReActNet while achieving 1.1% higher accuracy. Code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/liuzechun/AdamBNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 99.Attention-based Neural Network for Driving Environment Complexity Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11277.pdf)
>  Environment perception is crucial for autonomous vehicle (AV) safety. Most existing AV perception algorithms have not studied the surrounding environment complexity and failed to include the environment complexity parameter. This paper proposes a novel attention-based neural network model to predict the complexity level of the surrounding driving environment. The proposed model takes naturalistic driving videos and corresponding vehicle dynamics parameters as input. It consists of a Yolo-v3 object detection algorithm, a heat map generation algorithm, CNN-based feature extractors, and attention-based feature extractors for both video and time-series vehicle dynamics data inputs to extract features. The output from the proposed algorithm is a surrounding environment complexity parameter. The Berkeley DeepDrive dataset (BDD Dataset) and subjectively labeled surrounding environment complexity levels are used for model training and validation to evaluate the algorithm. The proposed attention-based network achieves 91.22% average classification accuracy to classify the surrounding environment complexity. It proves that the environment complexity level can be accurately predicted and applied for future AVs' environment perception studies.      
### 100.Domain and Modality Gaps for LiDAR-based Person Detection on Mobile Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11239.pdf)
>  Person detection is a crucial task for mobile robots navigating in human-populated environments and LiDAR sensors are promising for this task, given their accurate depth measurements and large field of view. This paper studies existing LiDAR-based person detectors with a particular focus on mobile robot scenarios (e.g. service robot or social robot), where persons are observed more frequently and in much closer ranges, compared to the driving scenarios. We conduct a series of experiments, using the recently released JackRabbot dataset and the state-of-the-art detectors based on 3D or 2D LiDAR sensors (CenterPoint and DR-SPAAM respectively). These experiments revolve around the domain gap between driving and mobile robot scenarios, as well as the modality gap between 3D and 2D LiDAR sensors. For the domain gap, we aim to understand if detectors pretrained on driving datasets can achieve good performance on the mobile robot scenarios, for which there are currently no trained models readily available. For the modality gap, we compare detectors that use 3D or 2D LiDAR, from various aspects, including performance, runtime, localization accuracy, robustness to range and crowdedness. The results from our experiments provide practical insights into LiDAR-based person detection and facilitate informed decisions for relevant mobile robot designs and applications.      
### 101.Contrastive Multi-Modal Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11193.pdf)
>  Multi-modal clustering, which explores complementary information from multiple modalities or views, has attracted people's increasing attentions. However, existing works rarely focus on extracting high-level semantic information of multiple modalities for clustering. In this paper, we propose Contrastive Multi-Modal Clustering (CMMC) which can mine high-level semantic information via contrastive learning. Concretely, our framework consists of three parts. (1) Multiple autoencoders are optimized to maintain each modality's diversity to learn complementary information. (2) A feature contrastive module is proposed to learn common high-level semantic features from different modalities. (3) A label contrastive module aims to learn consistent cluster assignments for all modalities. By the proposed multi-modal contrastive learning, the mutual information of high-level features is maximized, while the diversity of the low-level latent features is maintained. In addition, to utilize the learned high-level semantic features, we further generate pseudo labels by solving a maximum matching problem to fine-tune the cluster assignments. Extensive experiments demonstrate that CMMC has good scalability and outperforms state-of-the-art multi-modal clustering methods.      
### 102.Does Optimal Source Task Performance Imply Optimal Pre-training for a Target Task?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11174.pdf)
>  Pre-trained deep nets are commonly used to improve accuracies and training times for neural nets. It is generally assumed that pre-training a net for optimal source task performance best prepares it to learn an arbitrary target task. This is generally not true. Stopping source task training, prior to optimal performance, can create a pre-trained net better suited for learning a new task. <br>We performed several experiments demonstrating this effect, as well as the influence of amount of training and of learning rate. Additionally, we show that this reflects a general loss of learning ability that even extends to relearning the source task      
### 103.Graceful Degradation and Related Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11119.pdf)
>  When machine learning models encounter data which is out of the distribution on which they were trained they have a tendency to behave poorly, most prominently over-confidence in erroneous predictions. Such behaviours will have disastrous effects on real-world machine learning systems. In this field graceful degradation refers to the optimisation of model performance as it encounters this out-of-distribution data. This work presents a definition and discussion of graceful degradation and where it can be applied in deployed visual systems. Following this a survey of relevant areas is undertaken, novelly splitting the graceful degradation problem into active and passive approaches. In passive approaches, graceful degradation is handled and achieved by the model in a self-contained manner, in active approaches the model is updated upon encountering epistemic uncertainties. This work communicates the importance of the problem and aims to prompt the development of machine learning strategies that are aware of graceful degradation.      
### 104.Paradigm selection for Data Fusion of SAR and Multispectral Sentinel data applied to Land-Cover Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.11056.pdf)
>  Data fusion is a well-known technique, becoming more and more popular in the Artificial Intelligence for Earth Observation (AI4EO) domain mainly due to its ability of reinforcing AI4EO applications by combining multiple data sources and thus bringing better results. On the other hand, like other methods for satellite data analysis, data fusion itself is also benefiting and evolving thanks to the integration of Artificial Intelligence (AI). In this letter, four data fusion paradigms, based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), are analyzed and implemented. The goals are to provide a systematic procedure for choosing the best data fusion framework, resulting in the best classification results, once the basic structure for the CNN has been defined, and to help interested researchers in their work when data fusion applied to remote sensing is involved. The procedure has been validated for land-cover classification but it can be transferred to other cases.      
### 105.Estimating MRI Image Quality via Image Reconstruction Uncertainty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10992.pdf)
>  Quality control (QC) in medical image analysis is time-consuming and laborious, leading to increased interest in automated methods. However, what is deemed suitable quality for algorithmic processing may be different from human-perceived measures of visual quality. In this work, we pose MR image quality assessment from an image reconstruction perspective. We train Bayesian CNNs using a heteroscedastic uncertainty model to recover clean images from noisy data, providing measures of uncertainty over the predictions. This framework enables us to divide data corruption into learnable and non-learnable components and leads us to interpret the predictive uncertainty as an estimation of the achievable recovery of an image. Thus, we argue that quality control for visual assessment cannot be equated to quality control for algorithmic processing. We validate this statement in a multi-task experiment combining artefact recovery with uncertainty prediction and grey matter segmentation. Recognising this distinction between visual and algorithmic quality has the impact that, depending on the downstream task, less data can be excluded based on ``visual quality" reasons alone.      
### 106.Leveraging Conditional Generative Models in a General Explanation Framework of Classifier Decisions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10947.pdf)
>  Providing a human-understandable explanation of classifiers' decisions has become imperative to generate trust in their use for day-to-day tasks. Although many works have addressed this problem by generating visual explanation maps, they often provide noisy and inaccurate results forcing the use of heuristic regularization unrelated to the classifier in question. In this paper, we propose a new general perspective of the visual explanation problem overcoming these limitations. We show that visual explanation can be produced as the difference between two generated images obtained via two specific conditional generative models. Both generative models are trained using the classifier to explain and a database to enforce the following properties: (i) All images generated by the first generator are classified similarly to the input image, whereas the second generator's outputs are classified oppositely. (ii) Generated images belong to the distribution of real images. (iii) The distances between the input image and the corresponding generated images are minimal so that the difference between the generated elements only reveals relevant information for the studied classifier. Using symmetrical and cyclic constraints, we present two different approximations and implementations of the general formulation. Experimentally, we demonstrate significant improvements w.r.t the state-of-the-art on three different public data sets. In particular, the localization of regions influencing the classifier is consistent with human annotations.      
### 107.A Game-Theoretic Taxonomy of Visual Concepts in DNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10938.pdf)
>  In this paper, we rethink how a DNN encodes visual concepts of different complexities from a new perspective, i.e. the game-theoretic multi-order interactions between pixels in an image. Beyond the categorical taxonomy of objects and the cognitive taxonomy of textures and shapes, we provide a new taxonomy of visual concepts, which helps us interpret the encoding of shapes and textures, in terms of concept complexities. In this way, based on multi-order interactions, we find three distinctive signal-processing behaviors of DNNs encoding textures. Besides, we also discover the flexibility for a DNN to encode shapes is lower than the flexibility of encoding textures. Furthermore, we analyze how DNNs encode outlier samples, and explore the impacts of network architectures on interactions. Additionally, we clarify the crucial role of the multi-order interactions in real-world applications. The code will be released when the paper is accepted.      
### 108.Brain tumor grade classification Using LSTM Neural Networks with Domain Pre-Transforms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10889.pdf)
>  The performance of image classification methodsheavily relies on the high-quality annotations, which are noteasily affordable, particularly for medical data. To alleviate thislimitation, in this study, we propose a weakly supervised imageclassification method based on combination of hand-craftedfeatures. We hypothesize that integration of these hand-craftedfeatures alongside Long short-term memory (LSTM) classifiercan reduce the adverse effects of weak labels in classificationaccuracy. Our proposed algorithm is based on selecting theappropriate domain representations of the data in Wavelet andDiscrete Cosine Transform (DCT) domains. This informationis then fed into LSTM network to account for the sequentialnature of the data. The proposed efficient, low dimensionalfeatures exploit the power of shallow deep learning modelsto achieve higher performance with lower computational <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://cost.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> order to show efficacy of the proposed strategy, we haveexperimented classification of brain tumor grades and achievedthe state of the art performance with the resolution of 256 x 256. We also conducted a comprehensive set of experiments toanalyze the effect of each component on the performance.      
### 109.Active Learning for Deep Neural Networks on Edge Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10836.pdf)
>  When dealing with deep neural network (DNN) applications on edge devices, continuously updating the model is important. Although updating a model with real incoming data is ideal, using all of them is not always feasible due to limits, such as labeling and communication costs. Thus, it is necessary to filter and select the data to use for training (i.e., active learning) on the device. In this paper, we formalize a practical active learning problem for DNNs on edge devices and propose a general task-agnostic framework to tackle this problem, which reduces it to a stream submodular maximization. This framework is light enough to be run with low computational resources, yet provides solutions whose quality is theoretically guaranteed thanks to the submodular property. Through this framework, we can configure data selection criteria flexibly, including using methods proposed in previous active learning studies. We evaluate our approach on both classification and object detection tasks in a practical setting to simulate a real-life scenario. The results of our study show that the proposed framework outperforms all other methods in both tasks, while running at a practical speed on real devices.      
### 110.Underwater Image Restoration via Contrastive Learning and a Real-world Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10718.pdf)
>  Underwater image restoration is of significant importance in unveiling the underwater world. Numerous techniques and algorithms have been developed in the past decades. However, due to fundamental difficulties associated with imaging/sensing, lighting, and refractive geometric distortions, in capturing clear underwater images, no comprehensive evaluations have been conducted of underwater image restoration. To address this gap, we have constructed a large-scale real underwater image dataset, dubbed `HICRD' (Heron Island Coral Reef Dataset), for the purpose of benchmarking existing methods and supporting the development of new deep-learning based methods. We employ accurate water parameter (diffuse attenuation coefficient) in generating reference images. There are 2000 reference restored images and 6003 original underwater images in the unpaired training set. Further, we present a novel method for underwater image restoration based on unsupervised image-to-image translation framework. Our proposed method leveraged contrastive learning and generative adversarial networks to maximize the mutual information between raw and restored images. Extensive experiments with comparisons to recent approaches further demonstrate the superiority of our proposed method. Our code and dataset are publicly available at GitHub.      
### 111.Practical Assessment of Generalization Performance Robustness for Deep Networks via Contrastive Examples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10653.pdf)
>  Training images with data transformations have been suggested as contrastive examples to complement the testing set for generalization performance evaluation of deep neural networks (DNNs). In this work, we propose a practical framework ContRE (The word "contre" means "against" or "versus" in French.) that uses Contrastive examples for DNN geneRalization performance Estimation. Specifically, ContRE follows the assumption in contrastive learning that robust DNN models with good generalization performance are capable of extracting a consistent set of features and making consistent predictions from the same image under varying data transformations. Incorporating with a set of randomized strategies for well-designed data transformations over the training set, ContRE adopts classification errors and Fisher ratios on the generated contrastive examples to assess and analyze the generalization performance of deep models in complement with a testing set. To show the effectiveness and the efficiency of ContRE, extensive experiments have been done using various DNN models on three open source benchmark datasets with thorough ablation studies and applicability analyses. Our experiment results confirm that (1) behaviors of deep models on contrastive examples are strongly correlated to what on the testing set, and (2) ContRE is a robust measure of generalization performance complementing to the testing set in various settings.      
### 112.Implementing a Detection System for COVID-19 based on Lung Ultrasound Imaging and Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10651.pdf)
>  The COVID-19 pandemic started in China in December 2019 and quickly spread to several countries. The consequences of this pandemic are incalculable, causing the death of millions of people and damaging the global economy. To achieve large-scale control of this pandemic, fast tools for detection and treatment of patients are needed. Thus, the demand for alternative tools for the diagnosis of COVID-19 has increased dramatically since accurated and automated tools are not available. In this paper we present the ongoing work on a system for COVID-19 detection using ultrasound imaging and using Deep Learning techniques. Furthermore, such a system is implemented on a Raspberry Pi to make it portable and easy to use in remote regions without an Internet connection.      
### 113.Task Attended Meta-Learning for Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10642.pdf)
>  Meta-learning (ML) has emerged as a promising direction in learning models under constrained resource settings like few-shot learning. The popular approaches for ML either learn a generalizable initial model or a generic parametric optimizer through episodic training. The former approaches leverage the knowledge from a batch of tasks to learn an optimal prior. In this work, we study the importance of a batch for ML. Specifically, we first incorporate a batch episodic training regimen to improve the learning of the generic parametric optimizer. We also hypothesize that the common assumption in batch episodic training that each task in a batch has an equal contribution to learning an optimal meta-model need not be true. We propose to weight the tasks in a batch according to their "importance" in improving the meta-model's learning. To this end, we introduce a training curriculum motivated by selective focus in humans, called task attended meta-training, to weight the tasks in a batch. Task attention is a standalone module that can be integrated with any batch episodic training regimen. The comparisons of the models with their non-task-attended counterparts on complex datasets like miniImageNet and tieredImageNet validate its effectiveness.      
### 114.Nuclei Grading of Clear Cell Renal Cell Carcinoma in Histopathological Image by Composite High-Resolution Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10641.pdf)
>  The grade of clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC) is a critical prognostic factor, making ccRCC nuclei grading a crucial task in RCC pathology analysis. Computer-aided nuclei grading aims to improve pathologists' work efficiency while reducing their misdiagnosis rate by automatically identifying the grades of tumor nuclei within histopathological images. Such a task requires precisely segment and accurately classify the nuclei. However, most of the existing nuclei segmentation and classification methods can not handle the inter-class similarity property of nuclei grading, thus can not be directly applied to the ccRCC grading task. In this paper, we propose a Composite High-Resolution Network for ccRCC nuclei grading. Specifically, we propose a segmentation network called W-Net that can separate the clustered nuclei. Then, we recast the fine-grained classification of nuclei to two cross-category classification tasks, based on two high-resolution feature extractors (HRFEs) which are proposed for learning these two tasks. The two HRFEs share the same backbone encoder with W-Net by a composite connection so that meaningful features for the segmentation task can be inherited for the classification task. Last, a head-fusion block is applied to generate the predicted label of each nucleus. Furthermore, we introduce a dataset for ccRCC nuclei grading, containing 1000 image patches with 70945 annotated nuclei. We demonstrate that our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance compared to existing methods on this large ccRCC grading dataset.      
### 115.Reversible Colour Density Compression of Images using cGANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10542.pdf)
>  Image compression using colour densities is historically impractical to decompress losslessly. We examine the use of conditional generative adversarial networks in making this transformation more feasible, through learning a mapping between the images and a loss function to train on. We show that this method is effective at producing visually lossless generations, indicating that efficient colour compression is viable.      
### 116.GLIB: Towards Automated Test Oracle for Graphically-Rich Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10507.pdf)
>  Graphically-rich applications such as games are ubiquitous with attractive visual effects of Graphical User Interface (GUI) that offers a bridge between software applications and end-users. However, various types of graphical glitches may arise from such GUI complexity and have become one of the main component of software compatibility issues. Our study on bug reports from game development teams in NetEase Inc. indicates that graphical glitches frequently occur during the GUI rendering and severely degrade the quality of graphically-rich applications such as video games. Existing automated testing techniques for such applications focus mainly on generating various GUI test sequences and check whether the test sequences can cause crashes. These techniques require constant human attention to captures non-crashing bugs such as bugs causing graphical glitches. In this paper, we present the first step in automating the test oracle for detecting non-crashing bugs in graphically-rich applications. Specifically, we propose \texttt{GLIB} based on a code-based data augmentation technique to detect game GUI glitches. We perform an evaluation of \texttt{GLIB} on 20 real-world game apps (with bug reports available) and the result shows that \texttt{GLIB} can achieve 100\% precision and 99.5\% recall in detecting non-crashing bugs such as game GUI glitches. Practical application of \texttt{GLIB} on another 14 real-world games (without bug reports) further demonstrates that \texttt{GLIB} can effectively uncover GUI glitches, with 48 of 53 bugs reported by \texttt{GLIB} having been confirmed and fixed so far.      
### 117.Prediction of the facial growth direction with Machine Learning methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10464.pdf)
>  First attempts of prediction of the facial growth (FG) direction were made over half of a century ago. Despite numerous attempts and elapsed time, a satisfactory method has not been established yet and the problem still poses a challenge for medical experts. To our knowledge, this paper is the first Machine Learning approach to the prediction of FG direction. Conducted data analysis reveals the inherent complexity of the problem and explains the reasons of difficulty in FG direction prediction based on 2D X-ray images. To perform growth forecasting, we employ a wide range of algorithms, from logistic regression, through tree ensembles to neural networks and consider three, slightly different, problem formulations. The resulting classification accuracy varies between 71% and 75%.      
### 118.One-to-many Approach for Improving Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10437.pdf)
>  Super-resolution (SR) is a one-to-many task with multiple possible solutions. However, previous works were not concerned about this characteristic. For a one-to-many pipeline, the generator should be able to generate multiple estimates of the reconstruction, and not be penalized for generating similar and equally realistic images. To achieve this, we propose adding weighted pixel-wise noise after every Residual-in-Residual Dense Block (RRDB) to enable the generator to generate various images. We modify the strict content loss to not penalize the stochastic variation in reconstructed images as long as it has consistent content. Additionally, we observe that there are out-of-focus regions in the DIV2K, DIV8K datasets that provide unhelpful guidelines. We filter blurry regions in the training data using the method of [10]. Finally, we modify the discriminator to receive the low-resolution image as a reference image along with the target image to provide better feedback to the generator. Using our proposed methods, we were able to improve the performance of ESRGAN in x4 perceptual SR and achieve the state-of-the-art LPIPS score in x16 perceptual extreme SR.      
### 119.Multi-Contextual Design of Convolutional Neural Network for Steganalysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10430.pdf)
>  In recent times, deep learning-based steganalysis classifiers became popular due to their state-of-the-art performance. Most deep steganalysis classifiers usually extract noise residuals using high-pass filters as preprocessing steps and feed them to their deep model for classification. It is observed that recent steganographic embedding does not always restrict their embedding in the high-frequency zone; instead, they distribute it as per embedding policy. Therefore, besides noise residual, learning the embedding zone is another challenging task. In this work, unlike the conventional approaches, the proposed model first extracts the noise residual using learned denoising kernels to boost the signal-to-noise ratio. After preprocessing, the sparse noise residuals are fed to a novel Multi-Contextual Convolutional Neural Network (M-CNET) that uses heterogeneous context size to learn the sparse and low-amplitude representation of noise residuals. The model performance is further improved by incorporating the Self-Attention module to focus on the areas prone to steganalytic embedding. A set of comprehensive experiments is performed to show the proposed scheme's efficacy over the prior arts. Besides, an ablation study is given to justify the contribution of various modules of the proposed architecture.      
### 120.Deep Generative Learning via Schrdinger Bridge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10410.pdf)
>  We propose to learn a generative model via entropy interpolation with a Schrdinger Bridge. The generative learning task can be formulated as interpolating between a reference distribution and a target distribution based on the Kullback-Leibler divergence. At the population level, this entropy interpolation is characterized via an SDE on $[0,1]$ with a time-varying drift term. At the sample level, we derive our Schrdinger Bridge algorithm by plugging the drift term estimated by a deep score estimator and a deep density ratio estimator into the Euler-Maruyama method. Under some mild smoothness assumptions of the target distribution, we prove the consistency of both the score estimator and the density ratio estimator, and then establish the consistency of the proposed Schrdinger Bridge approach. Our theoretical results guarantee that the distribution learned by our approach converges to the target distribution. Experimental results on multimodal synthetic data and benchmark data support our theoretical findings and indicate that the generative model via Schrdinger Bridge is comparable with state-of-the-art GANs, suggesting a new formulation of generative learning. We demonstrate its usefulness in image interpolation and image inpainting.      
### 121.Sparse Training via Boosting Pruning Plasticity with Neuroregeneration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10404.pdf)
>  Works on lottery ticket hypothesis (LTH) and single-shot network pruning (SNIP) have raised a lot of attention currently on post-training pruning (iterative magnitude pruning), and before-training pruning (pruning at initialization). The former method suffers from an extremely large computation cost and the latter category of methods usually struggles with insufficient performance. In comparison, during-training pruning, a class of pruning methods that simultaneously enjoys the training/inference efficiency and the comparable performance, temporarily, has been less explored. To better understand during-training pruning, we quantitatively study the effect of pruning throughout training from the perspective of pruning plasticity (the ability of the pruned networks to recover the original performance). Pruning plasticity can help explain several other empirical observations about neural network pruning in literature. We further find that pruning plasticity can be substantially improved by injecting a brain-inspired mechanism called neuroregeneration, i.e., to regenerate the same number of connections as pruned. Based on the insights from pruning plasticity, we design a novel gradual magnitude pruning (GMP) method, named gradual pruning with zero-cost neuroregeneration (GraNet), and its dynamic sparse training (DST) variant (GraNet-ST). Both of them advance state of the art. Perhaps most impressively, the latter for the first time boosts the sparse-to-sparse training performance over various dense-to-sparse methods by a large margin with ResNet-50 on ImageNet. We will release all codes.      
### 122.Direct Reconstruction of Linear Parametric Images from Dynamic PET Using Nonlocal Deep Image Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10359.pdf)
>  Direct reconstruction methods have been developed to estimate parametric images directly from the measured PET sinograms by combining the PET imaging model and tracer kinetics in an integrated framework. Due to limited counts received, signal-to-noise-ratio (SNR) and resolution of parametric images produced by direct reconstruction frameworks are still limited. Recently supervised deep learning methods have been successfully applied to medical imaging denoising/reconstruction when large number of high-quality training labels are available. For static PET imaging, high-quality training labels can be acquired by extending the scanning time. However, this is not feasible for dynamic PET imaging, where the scanning time is already long enough. In this work, we proposed an unsupervised deep learning framework for direct parametric reconstruction from dynamic PET, which was tested on the Patlak model and the relative equilibrium Logan model. The patient's anatomical prior image, which is readily available from PET/CT or PET/MR scans, was supplied as the network input to provide a manifold constraint, and also utilized to construct a kernel layer to perform non-local feature denoising. The linear kinetic model was embedded in the network structure as a 1x1 convolution layer. The training objective function was based on the PET statistical model. Evaluations based on dynamic datasets of 18F-FDG and 11C-PiB tracers show that the proposed framework can outperform the traditional and the kernel method-based direct reconstruction methods.      
