# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 18 Jun 2021
### 1.IFCNet: A Benchmark Dataset for IFC Entity Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09712.pdf)
>  Enhancing interoperability and information exchange between domain-specific software products for BIM is an important aspect in the Architecture, Engineering, Construction and Operations industry. Recent research started investigating methods from the areas of machine and deep learning for semantic enrichment of BIM models. However, training and evaluation of these machine learning algorithms requires sufficiently large and comprehensive datasets. This work presents IFCNet, a dataset of single-entity IFC files spanning a broad range of IFC classes containing both geometric and semantic information. Using only the geometric information of objects, the experiments show that three different deep learning models are able to achieve good classification performance.      
### 2.Visual Correspondence Hallucination: Towards Geometric Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09711.pdf)
>  Given a pair of partially overlapping source and target images and a keypoint in the source image, the keypoint's correspondent in the target image can be either visible, occluded or outside the field of view. Local feature matching methods are only able to identify the correspondent's location when it is visible, while humans can also hallucinate its location when it is occluded or outside the field of view through geometric reasoning. In this paper, we bridge this gap by training a network to output a peaked probability distribution over the correspondent's location, regardless of this correspondent being visible, occluded, or outside the field of view. We experimentally demonstrate that this network is indeed able to hallucinate correspondences on unseen pairs of images. We also apply this network to a camera pose estimation problem and find it is significantly more robust than state-of-the-art local feature matching-based competitors.      
### 3.Multi-Label Learning from Single Positive Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09708.pdf)
>  Predicting all applicable labels for a given image is known as multi-label classification. Compared to the standard multi-class case (where each image has only one label), it is considerably more challenging to annotate training data for multi-label classification. When the number of potential labels is large, human annotators find it difficult to mention all applicable labels for each training image. Furthermore, in some settings detection is intrinsically difficult e.g. finding small object instances in high resolution images. As a result, multi-label training data is often plagued by false negatives. We consider the hardest version of this problem, where annotators provide only one relevant label for each image. As a result, training sets will have only one positive label per image and no confirmed negatives. We explore this special case of learning from missing labels across four different multi-label image classification datasets for both linear classifiers and end-to-end fine-tuned deep networks. We extend existing multi-label losses to this setting and propose novel variants that constrain the number of expected positive labels during training. Surprisingly, we show that in some cases it is possible to approach the performance of fully labeled classifiers despite training with significantly fewer confirmed labels.      
### 4.Learning to Predict Visual Attributes in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09707.pdf)
>  Visual attributes constitute a large portion of information contained in a scene. Objects can be described using a wide variety of attributes which portray their visual appearance (color, texture), geometry (shape, size, posture), and other intrinsic properties (state, action). Existing work is mostly limited to study of attribute prediction in specific domains. In this paper, we introduce a large-scale in-the-wild visual attribute prediction dataset consisting of over 927K attribute annotations for over 260K object instances. Formally, object attribute prediction is a multi-label classification problem where all attributes that apply to an object must be predicted. Our dataset poses significant challenges to existing methods due to large number of attributes, label sparsity, data imbalance, and object occlusion. To this end, we propose several techniques that systematically tackle these challenges, including a base model that utilizes both low- and high-level CNN features with multi-hop attention, reweighting and resampling techniques, a novel negative label expansion scheme, and a novel supervised attribute-aware contrastive learning algorithm. Using these techniques, we achieve near 3.7 mAP and 5.7 overall F1 points improvement over the current state of the art. Further details about the VAW dataset can be found at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://vawdataset.com/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 5.MoDist: Motion Distillation for Self-supervised Video Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09703.pdf)
>  We present MoDist as a novel method to explicitly distill motion information into self-supervised video representations. Compared to previous video representation learning methods that mostly focus on learning motion cues implicitly from RGB inputs, we show that the representation learned with our MoDist method focus more on foreground motion regions and thus generalizes better to downstream tasks. To achieve this, MoDist enriches standard contrastive learning objectives for RGB video clips with a cross-modal learning objective between a Motion pathway and a Visual pathway. We evaluate MoDist on several datasets for both action recognition (UCF101/HMDB51/SSv2) as well as action detection (AVA), and demonstrate state-of-the-art self-supervised performance on all datasets. Furthermore, we show that MoDist representation can be as effective as (in some cases even better than) representations learned with full supervision. Given its simplicity, we hope MoDist could serve as a strong baseline for future research in self-supervised video representation learning.      
### 6.Always Be Dreaming: A New Approach for Data-Free Class-Incremental Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09701.pdf)
>  Modern computer vision applications suffer from catastrophic forgetting when incrementally learning new concepts over time. The most successful approaches to alleviate this forgetting require extensive replay of previously seen data, which is problematic when memory constraints or data legality concerns exist. In this work, we consider the high-impact problem of Data-Free Class-Incremental Learning (DFCIL), where an incremental learning agent must learn new concepts over time without storing generators or training data from past tasks. One approach for DFCIL is to replay synthetic images produced by inverting a frozen copy of the learner's classification model, but we show this approach fails for common class-incremental benchmarks when using standard distillation strategies. We diagnose the cause of this failure and propose a novel incremental distillation strategy for DFCIL, contributing a modified cross-entropy training and importance-weighted feature distillation, and show that our method results in up to a 25.1% increase in final task accuracy (absolute difference) compared to SOTA DFCIL methods for common class-incremental benchmarks. Our method even outperforms several standard replay based methods which store a coreset of images.      
### 7.BABEL: Bodies, Action and Behavior with English Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09696.pdf)
>  Understanding the semantics of human movement -- the what, how and why of the movement -- is an important problem that requires datasets of human actions with semantic labels. Existing datasets take one of two approaches. Large-scale video datasets contain many action labels but do not contain ground-truth 3D human motion. Alternatively, motion-capture (mocap) datasets have precise body motions but are limited to a small number of actions. To address this, we present BABEL, a large dataset with language labels describing the actions being performed in mocap sequences. BABEL consists of action labels for about 43 hours of mocap sequences from AMASS. Action labels are at two levels of abstraction -- sequence labels describe the overall action in the sequence, and frame labels describe all actions in every frame of the sequence. Each frame label is precisely aligned with the duration of the corresponding action in the mocap sequence, and multiple actions can overlap. There are over 28k sequence labels, and 63k frame labels in BABEL, which belong to over 250 unique action categories. Labels from BABEL can be leveraged for tasks like action recognition, temporal action localization, motion synthesis, etc. To demonstrate the value of BABEL as a benchmark, we evaluate the performance of models on 3D action recognition. We demonstrate that BABEL poses interesting learning challenges that are applicable to real-world scenarios, and can serve as a useful benchmark of progress in 3D action recognition. The dataset, baseline method, and evaluation code is made available, and supported for academic research purposes at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://babel.is.tue.mpg.de/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 8.XCiT: Cross-Covariance Image Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09681.pdf)
>  Following their success in natural language processing, transformers have recently shown much promise for computer vision. The self-attention operation underlying transformers yields global interactions between all tokens ,i.e. words or image patches, and enables flexible modelling of image data beyond the local interactions of convolutions. This flexibility, however, comes with a quadratic complexity in time and memory, hindering application to long sequences and high-resolution images. We propose a "transposed" version of self-attention that operates across feature channels rather than tokens, where the interactions are based on the cross-covariance matrix between keys and queries. The resulting cross-covariance attention (XCA) has linear complexity in the number of tokens, and allows efficient processing of high-resolution images. Our cross-covariance image transformer (XCiT) is built upon XCA. It combines the accuracy of conventional transformers with the scalability of convolutional architectures. We validate the effectiveness and generality of XCiT by reporting excellent results on multiple vision benchmarks, including image classification and self-supervised feature learning on ImageNet-1k, object detection and instance segmentation on COCO, and semantic segmentation on ADE20k.      
### 9.JOKR: Joint Keypoint Representation for Unsupervised Cross-Domain Motion Retargeting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09679.pdf)
>  The task of unsupervised motion retargeting in videos has seen substantial advancements through the use of deep neural networks. While early works concentrated on specific object priors such as a human face or body, recent work considered the unsupervised case. When the source and target videos, however, are of different shapes, current methods fail. To alleviate this problem, we introduce JOKR - a JOint Keypoint Representation that captures the motion common to both the source and target videos, without requiring any object prior or data collection. By employing a domain confusion term, we enforce the unsupervised keypoint representations of both videos to be indistinguishable. This encourages disentanglement between the parts of the motion that are common to the two domains, and their distinctive appearance and motion, enabling the generation of videos that capture the motion of the one while depicting the style of the other. To enable cases where the objects are of different proportions or orientations, we apply a learned affine transformation between the JOKRs. This augments the representation to be affine invariant, and in practice broadens the variety of possible retargeting pairs. This geometry-driven representation enables further intuitive control, such as temporal coherence and manual editing. Through comprehensive experimentation, we demonstrate the applicability of our method to different challenging cross-domain video pairs. We evaluate our method both qualitatively and quantitatively, and demonstrate that our method handles various cross-domain scenarios, such as different animals, different flowers, and humans. We also demonstrate superior temporal coherency and visual quality compared to state-of-the-art alternatives, through statistical metrics and a user study. Source code and videos can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://rmokady.github.io/JOKR/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 10.The 2021 Image Similarity Dataset and Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09672.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a new benchmark for large-scale image similarity detection. This benchmark is used for the Image Similarity Challenge at NeurIPS'21 (ISC2021). The goal is to determine whether a query image is a modified copy of any image in a reference corpus of size 1~million. The benchmark features a variety of image transformations such as automated transformations, hand-crafted image edits and machine-learning based manipulations. This mimics real-life cases appearing in social media, for example for integrity-related problems dealing with misinformation and objectionable content. The strength of the image manipulations, and therefore the difficulty of the benchmark, is calibrated according to the performance of a set of baseline approaches. Both the query and reference set contain a majority of ``distractor'' images that do not match, which corresponds to a real-life needle-in-haystack setting, and the evaluation metric reflects that. We expect the DISC21 benchmark to promote image copy detection as an important and challenging computer vision task and refresh the state of the art.      
### 11.Indian Masked Faces in the Wild Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09670.pdf)
>  Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, wearing face masks has become a mandate in public places worldwide. Face masks occlude a significant portion of the facial region. Additionally, people wear different types of masks, from simple ones to ones with graphics and prints. These pose new challenges to face recognition algorithms. Researchers have recently proposed a few masked face datasets for designing algorithms to overcome the challenges of masked face recognition. However, existing datasets lack the cultural diversity and collection in the unrestricted settings. Country like India with attire diversity, people are not limited to wearing traditional masks but also clothing like a thin cotton printed towel (locally called as ``gamcha''), ``stoles'', and ``handkerchiefs'' to cover their faces. In this paper, we present a novel \textbf{Indian Masked Faces in the Wild (IMFW)} dataset which contains images with variations in pose, illumination, resolution, and the variety of masks worn by the subjects. We have also benchmarked the performance of existing face recognition models on the proposed IMFW dataset. Experimental results demonstrate the limitations of existing algorithms in presence of diverse conditions.      
### 12.AttDLNet: Attention-based DL Network for 3D LiDAR Place Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09637.pdf)
>  Deep networks have been progressively adapted to new sensor modalities, namely to 3D LiDAR, which led to unprecedented achievements in autonomous vehicle-related applications such as place recognition. One of the main challenges of deep models in place recognition is to extract efficient and descriptive feature representations that relate places based on their similarity. To address the problem of place recognition using LiDAR data, this paper proposes a novel 3D LiDAR-based deep learning network (named AttDLNet) that comprises an encoder network and exploits an attention mechanism to selectively focus on long-range context and interfeature relationships. The proposed network is trained and validated on the KITTI dataset, using the cosine loss for training and a retrieval-based place recognition pipeline for validation. Additionally, an ablation study is presented to assess the best network configuration. Results show that the encoder network features are already very descriptive, but adding attention to the network further improves performance. From the ablation study, results indicate that the middle encoder layers have the highest mean performance, while deeper layers are more robust to orientation change. The code is publicly available on the project website: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Cybonic/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> AttDLNet      
### 13.Privacy-Preserving Eye-tracking Using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09621.pdf)
>  The expanding usage of complex machine learning methods like deep learning has led to an explosion in human activity recognition, particularly applied to health. In particular, as part of a larger body sensor network system, face and full-body analysis is becoming increasingly common for evaluating health status. However, complex models which handle private and sometimes protected data, raise concerns about the potential leak of identifiable data. In this work, we focus on the case of a deep network model trained on images of individual faces. Full-face video recordings taken from 493 individuals undergoing an eye-tracking based evaluation of neurological function were used. Outputs, gradients, intermediate layer outputs, loss, and labels were used as inputs for a deep network with an added support vector machine emission layer to recognize membership in the training data. The inference attack method and associated mathematical analysis indicate that there is a low likelihood of unintended memorization of facial features in the deep learning model. In this study, it is showed that the named model preserves the integrity of training data with reasonable confidence. The same process can be implemented in similar conditions for different models.      
### 14.To fit or not to fit: Model-based Face Reconstruction and Occlusion Segmentation from Weak Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09614.pdf)
>  3D face reconstruction from a single image is challenging due to its ill-posed nature. Model-based face autoencoders address this issue effectively by fitting a face model to the target image in a weakly supervised manner. However, in unconstrained environments occlusions distort the face reconstruction because the model often erroneously tries to adapt to occluded face regions. Supervised occlusion segmentation is a viable solution to avoid the fitting of occluded face regions, but it requires a large amount of annotated training data. In this work, we enable model-based face autoencoders to segment occluders accurately without requiring any additional supervision during training, and this separates regions where the model will be fitted from those where it will not be fitted. To achieve this, we extend face autoencoders with a segmentation network. The segmentation network decides which regions the model should adapt to by reaching balances in a trade-off between including pixels and adapting the model to them, and excluding pixels so that the model fitting is not negatively affected and reaches higher overall reconstruction accuracy on pixels showing the face. This leads to a synergistic effect, in which the occlusion segmentation guides the training of the face autoencoder to constrain the fitting in the non-occluded regions, while the improved fitting enables the segmentation model to better predict the occluded face regions. Qualitative and quantitative experiments on the CelebA-HQ database and the AR database verify the effectiveness of our model in improving 3D face reconstruction under occlusions and in enabling accurate occlusion segmentation from weak supervision only. Code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/unibas-gravis/Occlusion-Robust-MoFA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.SIFT Matching by Context Exposed  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09584.pdf)
>  This paper investigates how to step up local image descriptor matching by exploiting matching context information. Two main contexts are identified, originated respectively from the descriptor space and from the keypoint space. The former is generally used to design the actual matching strategy while the latter to filter matches according to the local spatial consistency. On this basis, a new matching strategy and a novel local spatial filter, named respectively blob matching and Delaunay Triangulation Matching (DTM) are devised. Blob matching provides a general matching framework by merging together several strategies, including pre-filtering as well as many-to-many and symmetric matching, enabling to achieve a global improvement upon each individual strategy. DTM alternates between Delaunay triangulation contractions and expansions to figure out and adjust keypoint neighborhood consistency. Experimental evaluation shows that DTM is comparable or better than the state-of-the-art in terms of matching accuracy and robustness, especially for non-planar scenes. Evaluation is carried out according to a new benchmark devised for analyzing the matching pipeline in terms of correct correspondences on both planar and non-planar scenes, including state-of-the-art methods as well as the common SIFT matching approach for reference. This evaluation can be of assistance for future research in this field.      
### 16.Knowledge distillation from multi-modal to mono-modal segmentation networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09564.pdf)
>  The joint use of multiple imaging modalities for medical image segmentation has been widely studied in recent years. The fusion of information from different modalities has demonstrated to improve the segmentation accuracy, with respect to mono-modal segmentations, in several applications. However, acquiring multiple modalities is usually not possible in a clinical setting due to a limited number of physicians and scanners, and to limit costs and scan time. Most of the time, only one modality is acquired. In this paper, we propose KD-Net, a framework to transfer knowledge from a trained multi-modal network (teacher) to a mono-modal one (student). The proposed method is an adaptation of the generalized distillation framework where the student network is trained on a subset (1 modality) of the teacher's inputs (n modalities). We illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework in brain tumor segmentation with the BraTS 2018 dataset. Using different architectures, we show that the student network effectively learns from the teacher and always outperforms the baseline mono-modal network in terms of segmentation accuracy.      
### 17.Scale-Consistent Fusion: from Heterogeneous Local Sampling to Global Immersive Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09548.pdf)
>  Image-based geometric modeling and novel view synthesis based on sparse, large-baseline samplings are challenging but important tasks for emerging multimedia applications such as virtual reality and immersive telepresence. Existing methods fail to produce satisfactory results due to the limitation on inferring reliable depth information over such challenging reference conditions. With the popularization of commercial light field (LF) cameras, capturing LF images (LFIs) is as convenient as taking regular photos, and geometry information can be reliably inferred. This inspires us to use a sparse set of LF captures to render high-quality novel views globally. However, fusion of LF captures from multiple angles is challenging due to the scale inconsistency caused by various capture settings. To overcome this challenge, we propose a novel scale-consistent volume rescaling algorithm that robustly aligns the disparity probability volumes (DPV) among different captures for scale-consistent global geometry fusion. Based on the fused DPV projected to the target camera frustum, novel learning-based modules have been proposed (i.e., the attention-guided multi-scale residual fusion module, and the disparity field guided deep re-regularization module) which comprehensively regularize noisy observations from heterogeneous captures for high-quality rendering of novel LFIs. Both quantitative and qualitative experiments over the Stanford Lytro Multi-view LF dataset show that the proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art methods significantly under different experiment settings for disparity inference and LF synthesis.      
### 18.Adversarial Visual Robustness by Causal Intervention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09534.pdf)
>  Adversarial training is the de facto most promising defense against adversarial examples. Yet, its passive nature inevitably prevents it from being immune to unknown attackers. To achieve a proactive defense, we need a more fundamental understanding of adversarial examples, beyond the popular bounded threat model. In this paper, we provide a causal viewpoint of adversarial vulnerability: the cause is the confounder ubiquitously existing in learning, where attackers are precisely exploiting the confounding effect. Therefore, a fundamental solution for adversarial robustness is causal intervention. As the confounder is unobserved in general, we propose to use the instrumental variable that achieves intervention without the need for confounder observation. We term our robust training method as Causal intervention by instrumental Variable (CiiV). It has a differentiable retinotopic sampling layer and a consistency loss, which is stable and guaranteed not to suffer from gradient obfuscation. Extensive experiments on a wide spectrum of attackers and settings applied in MNIST, CIFAR-10, and mini-ImageNet datasets empirically demonstrate that CiiV is robust to adaptive attacks.      
### 19.Dynamic Knowledge Distillation with A Single Stream Structure for RGB-DSalient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09517.pdf)
>  RGB-D salient object detection(SOD) demonstrates its superiority on detecting in complex environments due to the additional depth information introduced in the data. Inevitably, an independent stream is introduced to extract features from depth images, leading to extra computation and parameters. This methodology which sacrifices the model size to improve the detection accuracy may impede the practical application of SOD problems. To tackle this dilemma, we propose a dynamic distillation method along with a lightweight framework, which significantly reduces the parameters. This method considers the factors of both teacher and student performance within the training stage and dynamically assigns the distillation weight instead of applying a fixed weight on the student model. Extensive experiments are conducted on five public datasets to demonstrate that our method can achieve competitive performance compared to 10 prior methods through a 78.2MB lightweight structure.      
### 20.Deep HDR Hallucination for Inverse Tone Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09486.pdf)
>  Inverse Tone Mapping (ITM) methods attempt to reconstruct High Dynamic Range (HDR) information from Low Dynamic Range (LDR) image content. The dynamic range of well-exposed areas must be expanded and any missing information due to over/under-exposure must be recovered (hallucinated). The majority of methods focus on the former and are relatively successful, while most attempts on the latter are not of sufficient quality, even ones based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). A major factor for the reduced inpainting quality in some works is the choice of loss function. Work based on Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) shows promising results for image synthesis and LDR inpainting, suggesting that GAN losses can improve inverse tone mapping results. This work presents a GAN-based method that hallucinates missing information from badly exposed areas in LDR images and compares its efficacy with alternative variations. The proposed method is quantitatively competitive with state-of-the-art inverse tone mapping methods, providing good dynamic range expansion for well-exposed areas and plausible hallucinations for saturated and under-exposed areas. A density-based normalisation method, targeted for HDR content, is also proposed, as well as an HDR data augmentation method targeted for HDR hallucination.      
### 21.Learning to Associate Every Segment for Video Panoptic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09453.pdf)
>  Temporal correspondence - linking pixels or objects across frames - is a fundamental supervisory signal for the video models. For the panoptic understanding of dynamic scenes, we further extend this concept to every segment. Specifically, we aim to learn coarse segment-level matching and fine pixel-level matching together. We implement this idea by designing two novel learning objectives. To validate our proposals, we adopt a deep siamese model and train the model to learn the temporal correspondence on two different levels (i.e., segment and pixel) along with the target task. At inference time, the model processes each frame independently without any extra computation and post-processing. We show that our per-frame inference model can achieve new state-of-the-art results on Cityscapes-VPS and VIPER datasets. Moreover, due to its high efficiency, the model runs in a fraction of time (3x) compared to the previous state-of-the-art approach.      
### 22.Semi-Autoregressive Transformer for Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09436.pdf)
>  Current state-of-the-art image captioning models adopt autoregressive decoders, \ie they generate each word by conditioning on previously generated words, which leads to heavy latency during inference. To tackle this issue, non-autoregressive image captioning models have recently been proposed to significantly accelerate the speed of inference by generating all words in parallel. However, these non-autoregressive models inevitably suffer from large generation quality degradation since they remove words dependence excessively. To make a better trade-off between speed and quality, we introduce a semi-autoregressive model for image captioning~(dubbed as SATIC), which keeps the autoregressive property in global but generates words parallelly in local. Based on Transformer, there are only a few modifications needed to implement SATIC. Extensive experiments on the MSCOCO image captioning benchmark show that SATIC can achieve a better trade-off without bells and whistles. Code is available at {\color{magenta}\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/YuanEZhou/satic" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}}.      
### 23.Unsupervised Training Data Generation of Handwritten Formulas using Generative Adversarial Networks with Self-Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09432.pdf)
>  The recognition of handwritten mathematical expressions in images and video frames is a difficult and unsolved problem yet. Deep convectional neural networks are basically a promising approach, but typically require a large amount of labeled training data. However, such a large training dataset does not exist for the task of handwritten formula recognition. In this paper, we introduce a system that creates a large set of synthesized training examples of mathematical expressions which are derived from LaTeX documents. For this purpose, we propose a novel attention-based generative adversarial network to translate rendered equations to handwritten formulas. The datasets generated by this approach contain hundreds of thousands of formulas, making it ideal for pretraining or the design of more complex models. We evaluate our synthesized dataset and the recognition approach on the CROHME 2014 benchmark dataset. Experimental results demonstrate the feasibility of the approach.      
### 24.NeuroMorph: Unsupervised Shape Interpolation and Correspondence in One Go  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09431.pdf)
>  We present NeuroMorph, a new neural network architecture that takes as input two 3D shapes and produces in one go, i.e. in a single feed forward pass, a smooth interpolation and point-to-point correspondences between them. The interpolation, expressed as a deformation field, changes the pose of the source shape to resemble the target, but leaves the object identity unchanged. NeuroMorph uses an elegant architecture combining graph convolutions with global feature pooling to extract local features. During training, the model is incentivized to create realistic deformations by approximating geodesics on the underlying shape space manifold. This strong geometric prior allows to train our model end-to-end and in a fully unsupervised manner without requiring any manual correspondence annotations. NeuroMorph works well for a large variety of input shapes, including non-isometric pairs from different object categories. It obtains state-of-the-art results for both shape correspondence and interpolation tasks, matching or surpassing the performance of recent unsupervised and supervised methods on multiple benchmarks.      
### 25.Episode Adaptive Embedding Networks for Few-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09398.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning aims to learn a classifier using a few labelled instances for each class. Metric-learning approaches for few-shot learning embed instances into a high-dimensional space and conduct classification based on distances among instance embeddings. However, such instance embeddings are usually shared across all episodes and thus lack the discriminative power to generalize classifiers according to episode-specific features. In this paper, we propose a novel approach, namely \emph{Episode Adaptive Embedding Network} (EAEN), to learn episode-specific embeddings of instances. By leveraging the probability distributions of all instances in an episode at each channel-pixel embedding dimension, EAEN can not only alleviate the overfitting issue encountered in few-shot learning tasks, but also capture discriminative features specific to an episode. To empirically verify the effectiveness and robustness of EAEN, we have conducted extensive experiments on three widely used benchmark datasets, under various combinations of different generic embedding backbones and different classifiers. The results show that EAEN significantly improves classification accuracy about $10\%$ to $20\%$ in different settings over the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 26.using multiple losses for accurate facial age estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09393.pdf)
>  Age estimation is an essential challenge in computer vision. With the advances of convolutional neural networks, the performance of age estimation has been dramatically improved. Existing approaches usually treat age estimation as a classification problem. However, the age labels are ambiguous, thus make the classification task difficult. In this paper, we propose a simple yet effective approach for age estimation, which improves the performance compared to classification-based methods. The method combines four classification losses and one regression loss representing different class granularities together, and we name it as Age-Granularity-Net. We validate the Age-Granularity-Net framework on the CVPR Chalearn 2016 dataset, and extensive experiments show that the proposed approach can reduce the prediction error compared to any individual loss. The source code link is <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yipersevere/age-estimation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 27.Deep Subdomain Adaptation Network for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09388.pdf)
>  For a target task where labeled data is unavailable, domain adaptation can transfer a learner from a different source domain. Previous deep domain adaptation methods mainly learn a global domain shift, i.e., align the global source and target distributions without considering the relationships between two subdomains within the same category of different domains, leading to unsatisfying transfer learning performance without capturing the fine-grained information. Recently, more and more researchers pay attention to Subdomain Adaptation which focuses on accurately aligning the distributions of the relevant subdomains. However, most of them are adversarial methods which contain several loss functions and converge slowly. Based on this, we present Deep Subdomain Adaptation Network (DSAN) which learns a transfer network by aligning the relevant subdomain distributions of domain-specific layer activations across different domains based on a local maximum mean discrepancy (LMMD). Our DSAN is very simple but effective which does not need adversarial training and converges fast. The adaptation can be achieved easily with most feed-forward network models by extending them with LMMD loss, which can be trained efficiently via back-propagation. Experiments demonstrate that DSAN can achieve remarkable results on both object recognition tasks and digit classification tasks. Our code will be available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/easezyc/deep-transfer-learning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 28.Wavelet-Packet Powered Deepfake Image Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09369.pdf)
>  As neural networks become more able to generate realistic artificial images, they have the potential to improve movies, music, video games and make the internet an even more creative and inspiring place. Yet, at the same time, the latest technology potentially enables new digital ways to lie. In response, the need for a diverse and reliable toolbox arises to identify artificial images and other content. Previous work primarily relies on pixel-space CNN or the Fourier transform. To the best of our knowledge, wavelet-based gan analysis and detection methods have been absent thus far. This paper aims to fill this gap and describes a wavelet-based approach to gan-generated image analysis and detection. We evaluate our method on FFHQ, CelebA, and LSUN source identification problems and find improved or competitive performance.      
### 29.ShuffleBlock: Shuffle to Regularize Deep Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09358.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have enormous representational power which leads them to overfit on most datasets. Thus, regularizing them is important in order to reduce overfitting and enhance their generalization capabilities. Recently, channel shuffle operation has been introduced for mixing channels in group convolutions in resource efficient networks in order to reduce memory and computations. This paper studies the operation of channel shuffle as a regularization technique in deep convolutional networks. We show that while random shuffling of channels during training drastically reduce their performance, however, randomly shuffling small patches between channels significantly improves their performance. The patches to be shuffled are picked from the same spatial locations in the feature maps such that a patch, when transferred from one channel to another, acts as structured noise for the later channel. We call this method "ShuffleBlock". The proposed ShuffleBlock module is easy to implement and improves the performance of several baseline networks on the task of image classification on CIFAR and ImageNet datasets. It also achieves comparable and in many cases better performance than many other regularization methods. We provide several ablation studies on selecting various hyperparameters of the ShuffleBlock module and propose a new scheduling method that further enhances its performance.      
### 30.THUNDR: Transformer-based 3D HUmaN Reconstruction with Markers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09336.pdf)
>  We present THUNDR, a transformer-based deep neural network methodology to reconstruct the 3d pose and shape of people, given monocular RGB images. Key to our methodology is an intermediate 3d marker representation, where we aim to combine the predictive power of model-free-output architectures and the regularizing, anthropometrically-preserving properties of a statistical human surface model like GHUM -- a recently introduced, expressive full body statistical 3d human model, trained end-to-end. Our novel transformer-based prediction pipeline can focus on image regions relevant to the task, supports self-supervised regimes, and ensures that solutions are consistent with human anthropometry. We show state-of-the-art results on Human3.6M and 3DPW, for both the fully-supervised and the self-supervised models, for the task of inferring 3d human shape, joint positions, and global translation. Moreover, we observe very solid 3d reconstruction performance for difficult human poses collected in the wild.      
### 31.Layer Folding: Neural Network Depth Reduction using Activation Linearization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09309.pdf)
>  Despite the increasing prevalence of deep neural networks, their applicability in resource-constrained devices is limited due to their computational load. While modern devices exhibit a high level of parallelism, real-time latency is still highly dependent on networks' depth. Although recent works show that below a certain depth, the width of shallower networks must grow exponentially, we presume that neural networks typically exceed this minimal depth to accelerate convergence and incrementally increase accuracy. This motivates us to transform pre-trained deep networks that already exploit such advantages into shallower forms. We propose a method that learns whether non-linear activations can be removed, allowing to fold consecutive linear layers into one. We apply our method to networks pre-trained on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 and find that they can all be transformed into shallower forms that share a similar depth. Finally, we use our method to provide more efficient alternatives to MobileNetV2 and EfficientNet-Lite architectures on the ImageNet classification task.      
### 32.How can we learn (more) from challenges? A statistical approach to driving future algorithm development  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09302.pdf)
>  Challenges have become the state-of-the-art approach to benchmark image analysis algorithms in a comparative manner. While the validation on identical data sets was a great step forward, results analysis is often restricted to pure ranking tables, leaving relevant questions unanswered. Specifically, little effort has been put into the systematic investigation on what characterizes images in which state-of-the-art algorithms fail. To address this gap in the literature, we (1) present a statistical framework for learning from challenges and (2) instantiate it for the specific task of instrument instance segmentation in laparoscopic videos. Our framework relies on the semantic meta data annotation of images, which serves as foundation for a General Linear Mixed Models (GLMM) analysis. Based on 51,542 meta data annotations performed on 2,728 images, we applied our approach to the results of the Robust Medical Instrument Segmentation Challenge (ROBUST-MIS) challenge 2019 and revealed underexposure, motion and occlusion of instruments as well as the presence of smoke or other objects in the background as major sources of algorithm failure. Our subsequent method development, tailored to the specific remaining issues, yielded a deep learning model with state-of-the-art overall performance and specific strengths in the processing of images in which previous methods tended to fail. Due to the objectivity and generic applicability of our approach, it could become a valuable tool for validation in the field of medical image analysis and beyond. and segmentation of small, crossing, moving and transparent instrument(s) (parts).      
### 33.Multi-level Motion Attention for Human Motion Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09300.pdf)
>  Human motion prediction aims to forecast future human poses given a historical motion. Whether based on recurrent or feed-forward neural networks, existing learning based methods fail to model the observation that human motion tends to repeat itself, even for complex sports actions and cooking activities. Here, we introduce an attention based feed-forward network that explicitly leverages this observation. In particular, instead of modeling frame-wise attention via pose similarity, we propose to extract motion attention to capture the similarity between the current motion context and the historical motion sub-sequences. In this context, we study the use of different types of attention, computed at joint, body part, and full pose levels. Aggregating the relevant past motions and processing the result with a graph convolutional network allows us to effectively exploit motion patterns from the long-term history to predict the future poses. Our experiments on Human3.6M, AMASS and 3DPW validate the benefits of our approach for both periodical and non-periodical actions. Thanks to our attention model, it yields state-of-the-art results on all three datasets. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wei-mao-2019/HisRepItself" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.A Random CNN Sees Objects: One Inductive Bias of CNN and Its Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09259.pdf)
>  This paper starts by revealing a surprising finding: without any learning, a randomly initialized CNN can localize objects surprisingly well. That is, a CNN has an inductive bias to naturally focus on objects, named as Tobias (``The object is at sight'') in this paper. This empirical inductive bias is further analyzed and successfully applied to self-supervised learning. A CNN is encouraged to learn representations that focus on the foreground object, by transforming every image into various versions with different backgrounds, where the foreground and background separation is guided by Tobias. Experimental results show that the proposed Tobias significantly improves downstream tasks, especially for object detection. This paper also shows that Tobias has consistent improvements on training sets of different sizes, and is more resilient to changes in image augmentations. Our codes will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/CupidJay/Tobias" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 35.Optical Mouse: 3D Mouse Pose From Single-View Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09251.pdf)
>  We present a method to infer the 3D pose of mice, including the limbs and feet, from monocular videos. Many human clinical conditions and their corresponding animal models result in abnormal motion, and accurately measuring 3D motion at scale offers insights into health. The 3D poses improve classification of health-related attributes over 2D representations. The inferred poses are accurate enough to estimate stride length even when the feet are mostly occluded. This method could be applied as part of a continuous monitoring system to non-invasively measure animal health.      
### 36.Federated CycleGAN for Privacy-Preserving Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09246.pdf)
>  Unsupervised image-to-image translation methods such as CycleGAN learn to convert images from one domain to another using unpaired training data sets from different domains. Unfortunately, these approaches still require centrally collected unpaired records, potentially violating privacy and security issues. Although the recent federated learning (FL) allows a neural network to be trained without data exchange, the basic assumption of the FL is that all clients have their own training data from a similar domain, which is different from our image-to-image translation scenario in which each client has images from its unique domain and the goal is to learn image translation between different domains without accessing the target domain data. To address this, here we propose a novel federated CycleGAN architecture that can learn image translation in an unsupervised manner while maintaining the data privacy. Specifically, our approach arises from a novel observation that CycleGAN loss can be decomposed into the sum of client specific local objectives that can be evaluated using only their data. This local objective decomposition allows multiple clients to participate in federated CycleGAN training without sacrificing performance. Furthermore, our method employs novel switchable generator and discriminator architecture using Adaptive Instance Normalization (AdaIN) that significantly reduces the band-width requirement of the federated learning. Our experimental results on various unsupervised image translation tasks show that our federated CycleGAN provides comparable performance compared to the non-federated counterpart.      
### 37.Deep Contrastive Graph Representation via Adaptive Homotopy Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09244.pdf)
>  Homotopy model is an excellent tool exploited by diverse research works in the field of machine learning. However, its flexibility is limited due to lack of adaptiveness, i.e., manual fixing or tuning the appropriate homotopy coefficients. To address the problem above, we propose a novel adaptive homotopy framework (AH) in which the Maclaurin duality is employed, such that the homotopy parameters can be adaptively obtained. Accordingly, the proposed AH can be widely utilized to enhance the homotopy-based algorithm. In particular, in this paper, we apply AH to contrastive learning (AHCL) such that it can be effectively transferred from weak-supervised learning (given label priori) to unsupervised learning, where soft labels of contrastive learning are directly and adaptively learned. Accordingly, AHCL has the adaptive ability to extract deep features without any sort of prior information. Consequently, the affinity matrix formulated by the related adaptive labels can be constructed as the deep Laplacian graph that incorporates the topology of deep representations for the inputs. Eventually, extensive experiments on benchmark datasets validate the superiority of our method.      
### 38.An Evaluation of Self-Supervised Pre-Training for Skin-Lesion Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09229.pdf)
>  Self-supervised pre-training appears as an advantageous alternative to supervised pre-trained for transfer learning. By synthesizing annotations on pretext tasks, self-supervision allows to pre-train models on large amounts of pseudo-labels before fine-tuning them on the target task. In this work, we assess self-supervision for the diagnosis of skin lesions, comparing three self-supervised pipelines to a challenging supervised baseline, on five test datasets comprising in- and out-of-distribution samples. Our results show that self-supervision is competitive both in improving accuracies and in reducing the variability of outcomes. Self-supervision proves particularly useful for low training data scenarios ($&lt;1\,500$ and $&lt;150$ samples), where its ability to stabilize the outcomes is essential to provide sound results.      
### 39.Long-Short Temporal Contrastive Learning of Video Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09212.pdf)
>  Video transformers have recently emerged as a competitive alternative to 3D CNNs for video understanding. However, due to their large number of parameters and reduced inductive biases, these models require supervised pretraining on large-scale image datasets to achieve top performance. In this paper, we empirically demonstrate that self-supervised pretraining of video transformers on video-only datasets can lead to action recognition results that are on par or better than those obtained with supervised pretraining on large-scale image datasets, even massive ones such as ImageNet-21K. Since transformer-based models are effective at capturing dependencies over extended temporal spans, we propose a simple learning procedure that forces the model to match a long-term view to a short-term view of the same video. Our approach, named Long-Short Temporal Contrastive Learning (LSTCL), enables video transformers to learn an effective clip-level representation by predicting temporal context captured from a longer temporal extent. To demonstrate the generality of our findings, we implement and validate our approach under three different self-supervised contrastive learning frameworks (MoCo v3, BYOL, SimSiam) using two distinct video-transformer architectures, including an improved variant of the Swin Transformer augmented with space-time attention. We conduct a thorough ablation study and show that LSTCL achieves competitive performance on multiple video benchmarks and represents a convincing alternative to supervised image-based pretraining.      
### 40.Trilateral Attention Network for Real-time Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09201.pdf)
>  Accurate segmentation of medical images into anatomically meaningful regions is critical for the extraction of quantitative indices or biomarkers. The common pipeline for segmentation comprises regions of interest detection stage and segmentation stage, which are independent of each other and typically performed using separate deep learning networks. The performance of the segmentation stage highly relies on the extracted set of spatial features and the receptive fields. In this work, we propose an end-to-end network, called Trilateral Attention Network (TaNet), for real-time detection and segmentation in medical images. TaNet has a module for region localization, and three segmentation pathways: 1) handcrafted pathway with hand-designed convolutional kernels, 2) detail pathway with regular convolutional kernels, and 3) a global pathway to enlarge the receptive field. The first two pathways encode rich handcrafted and low-level features extracted by hand-designed and regular kernels while the global pathway encodes high-level context information. By jointly training the network for localization and segmentation using different sets of features, TaNet achieved superior performance, in terms of accuracy and speed, when evaluated on an echocardiography dataset for cardiac segmentation. The code and models will be made publicly available in TaNet Github page.      
### 41.A Two-stage Multi-modal Affect Analysis Framework for Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09199.pdf)
>  Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is a developmental disorder that influences the communication and social behavior of a person in a way that those in the spectrum have difficulty in perceiving other people's facial expressions, as well as presenting and communicating emotions and affect via their own faces and bodies. Some efforts have been made to predict and improve children with ASD's affect states in play therapy, a common method to improve children's social skills via play and games. However, many previous works only used pre-trained models on benchmark emotion datasets and failed to consider the distinction in emotion between typically developing children and children with autism. In this paper, we present an open-source two-stage multi-modal approach leveraging acoustic and visual cues to predict three main affect states of children with ASD's affect states (positive, negative, and neutral) in real-world play therapy scenarios, and achieved an overall accuracy of 72:40%. This work presents a novel way to combine human expertise and machine intelligence for ASD affect recognition by proposing a two-stage schema.      
### 42.The Fishnet Open Images Database: A Dataset for Fish Detection and Fine-Grained Categorization in Fisheries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09178.pdf)
>  Camera-based electronic monitoring (EM) systems are increasingly being deployed onboard commercial fishing vessels to collect essential data for fisheries management and regulation. These systems generate large quantities of video data which must be reviewed on land by human experts. Computer vision can assist this process by automatically detecting and classifying fish species, however the lack of existing public data in this domain has hindered progress. To address this, we present the Fishnet Open Images Database, a large dataset of EM imagery for fish detection and fine-grained categorization onboard commercial fishing vessels. The dataset consists of 86,029 images containing 34 object classes, making it the largest and most diverse public dataset of fisheries EM imagery to-date. It includes many of the characteristic challenges of EM data: visual similarity between species, skewed class distributions, harsh weather conditions, and chaotic crew activity. We evaluate the performance of existing detection and classification algorithms and demonstrate that the dataset can serve as a challenging benchmark for development of computer vision algorithms in fisheries. The dataset is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.fishnet.ai/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 43.Insights into Data through Model Behaviour: An Explainability-driven Strategy for Data Auditing for Responsible Computer Vision Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09177.pdf)
>  In this study, we take a departure and explore an explainability-driven strategy to data auditing, where actionable insights into the data at hand are discovered through the eyes of quantitative explainability on the behaviour of a dummy model prototype when exposed to data. We demonstrate this strategy by auditing two popular medical benchmark datasets, and discover hidden data quality issues that lead deep learning models to make predictions for the wrong reasons. The actionable insights gained from this explainability driven data auditing strategy is then leveraged to address the discovered issues to enable the creation of high-performing deep learning models with appropriate prediction behaviour. The hope is that such an explainability-driven strategy can be complimentary to data-driven strategies to facilitate for more responsible development of machine learning algorithms for computer vision applications.      
### 44.Positional Contrastive Learning for Volumetric Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09157.pdf)
>  The success of deep learning heavily depends on the availability of large labeled training sets. However, it is hard to get large labeled datasets in medical image domain because of the strict privacy concern and costly labeling efforts. Contrastive learning, an unsupervised learning technique, has been proved powerful in learning image-level representations from unlabeled data. The learned encoder can then be transferred or fine-tuned to improve the performance of downstream tasks with limited labels. A critical step in contrastive learning is the generation of contrastive data pairs, which is relatively simple for natural image classification but quite challenging for medical image segmentation due to the existence of the same tissue or organ across the dataset. As a result, when applied to medical image segmentation, most state-of-the-art contrastive learning frameworks inevitably introduce a lot of false-negative pairs and result in degraded segmentation quality. To address this issue, we propose a novel positional contrastive learning (PCL) framework to generate contrastive data pairs by leveraging the position information in volumetric medical images. Experimental results on CT and MRI datasets demonstrate that the proposed PCL method can substantially improve the segmentation performance compared to existing methods in both semi-supervised setting and transfer learning setting.      
### 45.Deformation Driven Seq2Seq Longitudinal Tumor and Organs-at-Risk Prediction for Radiotherapy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09076.pdf)
>  Purpose: Radiotherapy presents unique challenges and clinical requirements for longitudinal tumor and organ-at-risk (OAR) prediction during treatment. The challenges include tumor inflammation/edema and radiation-induced changes in organ geometry, whereas the clinical requirements demand flexibility in input/output sequence timepoints to update the predictions on rolling basis and the grounding of all predictions in relationship to the pre-treatment imaging information for response and toxicity assessment in adaptive radiotherapy. Methods: To deal with the aforementioned challenges and to comply with the clinical requirements, we present a novel 3D sequence-to-sequence model based on Convolution Long Short Term Memory (ConvLSTM) that makes use of series of deformation vector fields (DVF) between individual timepoints and reference pre-treatment/planning CTs to predict future anatomical deformations and changes in gross tumor volume as well as critical OARs. High-quality DVF training data is created by employing hyper-parameter optimization on the subset of the training data with DICE coefficient and mutual information metric. We validated our model on two radiotherapy datasets: a publicly available head-and-neck dataset (28 patients with manually contoured pre-, mid-, and post-treatment CTs), and an internal non-small cell lung cancer dataset (63 patients with manually contoured planning CT and 6 weekly CBCTs). Results: The use of DVF representation and skip connections overcomes the blurring issue of ConvLSTM prediction with the traditional image representation. The mean and standard deviation of DICE for predictions of lung GTV at week 4, 5, and 6 were 0.83$\pm$0.09, 0.82$\pm$0.08, and 0.81$\pm$0.10, respectively, and for post-treatment ipsilateral and contralateral parotids, were 0.81$\pm$0.06 and 0.85$\pm$0.02.      
### 46.SPeCiaL: Self-Supervised Pretraining for Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09065.pdf)
>  This paper presents SPeCiaL: a method for unsupervised pretraining of representations tailored for continual learning. Our approach devises a meta-learning objective that differentiates through a sequential learning process. Specifically, we train a linear model over the representations to match different augmented views of the same image together, each view presented sequentially. The linear model is then evaluated on both its ability to classify images it just saw, and also on images from previous iterations. This gives rise to representations that favor quick knowledge retention with minimal forgetting. We evaluate SPeCiaL in the Continual Few-Shot Learning setting, and show that it can match or outperform other supervised pretraining approaches.      
### 47.Automatic Main Character Recognition for Photographic Studies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09064.pdf)
>  Main characters in images are the most important humans that catch the viewer's attention upon first look, and they are emphasized by properties such as size, position, color saturation, and sharpness of focus. Identifying the main character in images plays an important role in traditional photographic studies and media analysis, but the task is performed manually and can be slow and laborious. Furthermore, selection of main characters can be sometimes subjective. In this paper, we analyze the feasibility of solving the main character recognition needed for photographic studies automatically and propose a method for identifying the main characters. The proposed method uses machine learning based human pose estimation along with traditional computer vision approaches for this task. We approach the task as a binary classification problem where each detected human is classified either as a main character or not. To evaluate both the subjectivity of the task and the performance of our method, we collected a dataset of 300 varying images from multiple sources and asked five people, a photographic researcher and four other persons, to annotate the main characters. Our analysis showed a relatively high agreement between different annotators. The proposed method achieved a promising F1 score of 0.83 on the full image set and 0.96 on a subset evaluated as most clear and important cases by the photographic researcher.      
### 48.Unsupervised Video Prediction from a Single Frame by Estimating 3D Dynamic Scene Structure  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09051.pdf)
>  Our goal in this work is to generate realistic videos given just one initial frame as input. Existing unsupervised approaches to this task do not consider the fact that a video typically shows a 3D environment, and that this should remain coherent from frame to frame even as the camera and objects move. We address this by developing a model that first estimates the latent 3D structure of the scene, including the segmentation of any moving objects. It then predicts future frames by simulating the object and camera dynamics, and rendering the resulting views. Importantly, it is trained end-to-end using only the unsupervised objective of predicting future frames, without any 3D information nor segmentation annotations. Experiments on two challenging datasets of natural videos show that our model can estimate 3D structure and motion segmentation from a single frame, and hence generate plausible and varied predictions.      
### 49.Orthogonal-Pad Activation Functions: Trainable Activation functions for smooth and faster convergence in deep networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09693.pdf)
>  We have proposed orthogonal-Pad activation functions, which are trainable activation functions and show that they have faster learning capability and improves the accuracy in standard deep learning datasets and models. Based on our experiments, we have found two best candidates out of six orthogonal-Pad activations, which we call safe Hermite-Pade (HP) activation functions, namely HP-1 and HP-2. When compared to ReLU, HP-1 and HP-2 has an increment in top-1 accuracy by 5.06% and 4.63% respectively in PreActResNet-34, by 3.02% and 2.75% respectively in MobileNet V2 model on CIFAR100 dataset while on CIFAR10 dataset top-1 accuracy increases by 2.02% and 1.78% respectively in PreActResNet-34, by 2.24% and 2.06% respectively in LeNet, by 2.15% and 2.03% respectively in Efficientnet B0.      
### 50.SECANT: Self-Expert Cloning for Zero-Shot Generalization of Visual Policies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09678.pdf)
>  Generalization has been a long-standing challenge for reinforcement learning (RL). Visual RL, in particular, can be easily distracted by irrelevant factors in high-dimensional observation space. In this work, we consider robust policy learning which targets zero-shot generalization to unseen visual environments with large distributional shift. We propose SECANT, a novel self-expert cloning technique that leverages image augmentation in two stages to decouple robust representation learning from policy optimization. Specifically, an expert policy is first trained by RL from scratch with weak augmentations. A student network then learns to mimic the expert policy by supervised learning with strong augmentations, making its representation more robust against visual variations compared to the expert. Extensive experiments demonstrate that SECANT significantly advances the state of the art in zero-shot generalization across 4 challenging domains. Our average reward improvements over prior SOTAs are: DeepMind Control (+26.5%), robotic manipulation (+337.8%), vision-based autonomous driving (+47.7%), and indoor object navigation (+15.8%). Code release and video are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://linxifan.github.io/secant-site/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 51.Improving On-Screen Sound Separation for Open Domain Videos with Audio-Visual Self-attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09669.pdf)
>  We introduce a state-of-the-art audio-visual on-screen sound separation system which is capable of learning to separate sounds and associate them with on-screen objects by looking at in-the-wild videos. We identify limitations of previous work on audiovisual on-screen sound separation, including the simplicity and coarse resolution of spatio-temporal attention, and poor convergence of the audio separation model. Our proposed model addresses these issues using cross-modal and self-attention modules that capture audio-visual dependencies at a finer resolution over time, and by unsupervised pre-training of audio separation model. These improvements allow the model to generalize to a much wider set of unseen videos. For evaluation and semi-supervised training, we collected human annotations of on-screen audio from a large database of in-the-wild videos (YFCC100M). Our results show marked improvements in on-screen separation performance, in more general conditions than previous methods.      
### 52.Automatic Segmentation of the Prostate on 3D Trans-rectal Ultrasound Images using Statistical Shape Models and Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09662.pdf)
>  In this work we propose to segment the prostate on a challenging dataset of trans-rectal ultrasound (TRUS) images using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and statistical shape models (SSMs). TRUS is commonly used for a number of image-guided interventions on the prostate. Fast and accurate segmentation on the organ in these images is crucial to planning and fusion with other modalities such as magnetic resonance images (MRIs) . However, TRUS has limited soft tissue contrast and signal to noise ratio which makes the task of segmenting the prostate challenging and subject to inter-observer and intra-observer variability. This is especially problematic at the base and apex where the gland boundary is hard to define. In this paper, we aim to tackle this problem by taking advantage of shape priors learnt on an MR dataset which has higher soft tissue contrast allowing the prostate to be contoured more accurately. We use this shape prior in combination with a prostate tissue probability map computed by a CNN for segmentation.      
### 53.On Anytime Learning at Macroscale  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09563.pdf)
>  Classical machine learning frameworks assume access to a possibly large dataset in order to train a predictive model. In many practical applications however, data does not arrive all at once, but in batches over time. This creates a natural trade-off between accuracy of a model and time to obtain such a model. A greedy predictor could produce non-trivial predictions by immediately training on batches as soon as these become available but, it may also make sub-optimal use of future data. On the other hand, a tardy predictor could wait for a long time to aggregate several batches into a larger dataset, but ultimately deliver a much better performance. In this work, we consider such a streaming learning setting, which we dub {\em anytime learning at macroscale} (ALMA). It is an instance of anytime learning applied not at the level of a single chunk of data, but at the level of the entire sequence of large batches. We first formalize this learning setting, we then introduce metrics to assess how well learners perform on the given task for a given memory and compute budget, and finally we test several baseline approaches on standard benchmarks repurposed for anytime learning at macroscale. The general finding is that bigger models always generalize better. In particular, it is important to grow model capacity over time if the initial model is relatively small. Moreover, updating the model at an intermediate rate strikes the best trade off between accuracy and time to obtain a useful predictor.      
### 54.Transductive Few-Shot Learning: Clustering is All You Need?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09516.pdf)
>  We investigate a general formulation for clustering and transductive few-shot learning, which integrates prototype-based objectives, Laplacian regularization and supervision constraints from a few labeled data points. We propose a concave-convex relaxation of the problem, and derive a computationally efficient block-coordinate bound optimizer, with convergence guarantee. At each iteration,our optimizer computes independent (parallel) updates for each point-to-cluster assignment. Therefore, it could be trivially distributed for large-scale clustering and few-shot tasks. Furthermore, we provides a thorough convergence analysis based on point-to-set maps. Were port comprehensive clustering and few-shot learning experiments over various data sets, showing that our method yields competitive performances, in term of accuracy and optimization quality, while scaling up to large problems. Using standard training on the base classes, without resorting to complex meta-learning and episodic-training strategies, our approach outperforms state-of-the-art few-shot methods by significant margins, across various models, settings and data sets. Surprisingly, we found that even standard clustering procedures (e.g., K-means), which correspond to particular, non-regularized cases of our general model, already achieve competitive performances in comparison to the state-of-the-art in few-shot learning. These surprising results point to the limitations of the current few-shot benchmarks, and question the viability of a large body of convoluted few-shot learning techniques in the recent literature.      
### 55.Class Balancing GAN with a Classifier in the Loop  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09402.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have swiftly evolved to imitate increasingly complex image distributions. However, majority of the developments focus on performance of GANs on balanced datasets. We find that the existing GANs and their training regimes which work well on balanced datasets fail to be effective in case of imbalanced (i.e. long-tailed) datasets. In this work we introduce a novel theoretically motivated Class Balancing regularizer for training GANs. Our regularizer makes use of the knowledge from a pre-trained classifier to ensure balanced learning of all the classes in the dataset. This is achieved via modelling the effective class frequency based on the exponential forgetting observed in neural networks and encouraging the GAN to focus on underrepresented classes. We demonstrate the utility of our regularizer in learning representations for long-tailed distributions via achieving better performance than existing approaches over multiple datasets. Specifically, when applied to an unconditional GAN, it improves the FID from $13.03$ to $9.01$ on the long-tailed iNaturalist-$2019$ dataset.      
### 56.On the Dark Side of Calibration for Modern Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09385.pdf)
>  Modern neural networks are highly uncalibrated. It poses a significant challenge for safety-critical systems to utilise deep neural networks (DNNs), reliably. Many recently proposed approaches have demonstrated substantial progress in improving DNN calibration. However, they hardly touch upon refinement, which historically has been an essential aspect of calibration. Refinement indicates separability of a network's correct and incorrect predictions. This paper presents a theoretically and empirically supported exposition for reviewing a model's calibration and refinement. Firstly, we show the breakdown of expected calibration error (ECE), into predicted confidence and refinement. Connecting with this result, we highlight that regularisation based calibration only focuses on naively reducing a model's confidence. This logically has a severe downside to a model's refinement. We support our claims through rigorous empirical evaluations of many state of the art calibration approaches on standard datasets. We find that many calibration approaches with the likes of label smoothing, mixup etc. lower the utility of a DNN by degrading its refinement. Even under natural data shift, this calibration-refinement trade-off holds for the majority of calibration methods. These findings call for an urgent retrospective into some popular pathways taken for modern DNN calibration.      
### 57.Controllable Confidence-Based Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09311.pdf)
>  Image denoising is a classic restoration problem. Yet, current deep learning methods are subject to the problems of generalization and interpretability. To mitigate these problems, in this project, we present a framework that is capable of controllable, confidence-based noise removal. The framework is based on the fusion between two different denoised images, both derived from the same noisy input. One of the two is denoised using generic algorithms (e.g. Gaussian), which make few assumptions on the input images, therefore, generalize in all scenarios. The other is denoised using deep learning, performing well on seen datasets. We introduce a set of techniques to fuse the two components smoothly in the frequency domain. Beyond that, we estimate the confidence of a deep learning denoiser to allow users to interpret the output, and provide a fusion strategy that safeguards them against out-of-distribution inputs. Through experiments, we demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework in different use cases.      
### 58.A Multi-task convolutional neural network for blind stereoscopic image quality assessment using naturalness analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09303.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of blind stereoscopic image quality assessment (NR-SIQA) using a new multi-task deep learning based-method. In the field of stereoscopic vision, the information is fairly distributed between the left and right views as well as the binocular phenomenon. In this work, we propose to integrate these characteristics to estimate the quality of stereoscopic images without reference through a convolutional neural network. Our method is based on two main tasks: the first task predicts naturalness analysis based features adapted to stereo images, while the second task predicts the quality of such images. The former, so-called auxiliary task, aims to find more robust and relevant features to improve the quality prediction. To do this, we compute naturalness-based features using a Natural Scene Statistics (NSS) model in the complex wavelet domain. It allows to capture the statistical dependency between pairs of the stereoscopic images. Experiments are conducted on the well known LIVE PHASE I and LIVE PHASE II databases. The results obtained show the relevance of our method when comparing with those of the state-of-the-art. Our code is available online on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Bourbia-Salima/multitask-cnn-nrsiqa_2021" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 59.Invisible for both Camera and LiDAR: Security of Multi-Sensor Fusion based Perception in Autonomous Driving Under Physical-World Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09249.pdf)
>  In Autonomous Driving (AD) systems, perception is both security and safety critical. Despite various prior studies on its security issues, all of them only consider attacks on camera- or LiDAR-based AD perception alone. However, production AD systems today predominantly adopt a Multi-Sensor Fusion (MSF) based design, which in principle can be more robust against these attacks under the assumption that not all fusion sources are (or can be) attacked at the same time. In this paper, we present the first study of security issues of MSF-based perception in AD systems. We directly challenge the basic MSF design assumption above by exploring the possibility of attacking all fusion sources simultaneously. This allows us for the first time to understand how much security guarantee MSF can fundamentally provide as a general defense strategy for AD perception. <br>We formulate the attack as an optimization problem to generate a physically-realizable, adversarial 3D-printed object that misleads an AD system to fail in detecting it and thus crash into it. We propose a novel attack pipeline that addresses two main design challenges: (1) non-differentiable target camera and LiDAR sensing systems, and (2) non-differentiable cell-level aggregated features popularly used in LiDAR-based AD perception. We evaluate our attack on MSF included in representative open-source industry-grade AD systems in real-world driving scenarios. Our results show that the attack achieves over 90% success rate across different object types and MSF. Our attack is also found stealthy, robust to victim positions, transferable across MSF algorithms, and physical-world realizable after being 3D-printed and captured by LiDAR and camera devices. To concretely assess the end-to-end safety impact, we further perform simulation evaluation and show that it can cause a 100% vehicle collision rate for an industry-grade AD system.      
### 60.Evaluating the Robustness of Bayesian Neural Networks Against Different Types of Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09223.pdf)
>  To evaluate the robustness gain of Bayesian neural networks on image classification tasks, we perform input perturbations, and adversarial attacks to the state-of-the-art Bayesian neural networks, with a benchmark CNN model as reference. The attacks are selected to simulate signal interference and cyberattacks towards CNN-based machine learning systems. The result shows that a Bayesian neural network achieves significantly higher robustness against adversarial attacks generated against a deterministic neural network model, without adversarial training. The Bayesian posterior can act as the safety precursor of ongoing malicious activities. Furthermore, we show that the stochastic classifier after the deterministic CNN extractor has sufficient robustness enhancement rather than a stochastic feature extractor before the stochastic classifier. This advises on utilizing stochastic layers in building decision-making pipelines within a safety-critical domain.      
### 61.Localized Uncertainty Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09222.pdf)
>  The susceptibility of deep learning models to adversarial perturbations has stirred renewed attention in adversarial examples resulting in a number of attacks. However, most of these attacks fail to encompass a large spectrum of adversarial perturbations that are imperceptible to humans. In this paper, we present localized uncertainty attacks, a novel class of threat models against deterministic and stochastic classifiers. Under this threat model, we create adversarial examples by perturbing only regions in the inputs where a classifier is uncertain. To find such regions, we utilize the predictive uncertainty of the classifier when the classifier is stochastic or, we learn a surrogate model to amortize the uncertainty when it is deterministic. Unlike $\ell_p$ ball or functional attacks which perturb inputs indiscriminately, our targeted changes can be less perceptible. When considered under our threat model, these attacks still produce strong adversarial examples; with the examples retaining a greater degree of similarity with the inputs.      
### 62.Learning Perceptual Manifold of Fonts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09198.pdf)
>  Along the rapid development of deep learning techniques in generative models, it is becoming an urgent issue to combine machine intelligence with human intelligence to solve the practical applications. Motivated by this methodology, this work aims to adjust the machine generated character fonts with the effort of human workers in the perception study. Although numerous fonts are available online for public usage, it is difficult and challenging to generate and explore a font to meet the preferences for common users. To solve the specific issue, we propose the perceptual manifold of fonts to visualize the perceptual adjustment in the latent space of a generative model of fonts. In our framework, we adopt the variational autoencoder network for the font generation. Then, we conduct a perceptual study on the generated fonts from the multi-dimensional latent space of the generative model. After we obtained the distribution data of specific preferences, we utilize manifold learning approach to visualize the font distribution. In contrast to the conventional user interface in our user study, the proposed font-exploring user interface is efficient and helpful in the designated user preference.      
### 63.LiRA: Learning Visual Speech Representations from Audio through Self-supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09171.pdf)
>  The large amount of audiovisual content being shared online today has drawn substantial attention to the prospect of audiovisual self-supervised learning. Recent works have focused on each of these modalities separately, while others have attempted to model both simultaneously in a cross-modal fashion. However, comparatively little attention has been given to leveraging one modality as a training objective to learn from the other. In this work, we propose Learning visual speech Representations from Audio via self-supervision (LiRA). Specifically, we train a ResNet+Conformer model to predict acoustic features from unlabelled visual speech. We find that this pre-trained model can be leveraged towards word-level and sentence-level lip-reading through feature extraction and fine-tuning experiments. We show that our approach significantly outperforms other self-supervised methods on the Lip Reading in the Wild (LRW) dataset and achieves state-of-the-art performance on Lip Reading Sentences 2 (LRS2) using only a fraction of the total labelled data.      
### 64.Probing Image-Language Transformers for Verb Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09141.pdf)
>  Multimodal image-language transformers have achieved impressive results on a variety of tasks that rely on fine-tuning (e.g., visual question answering and image retrieval). We are interested in shedding light on the quality of their pretrained representations -- in particular, if these models can distinguish different types of verbs or if they rely solely on nouns in a given sentence. To do so, we collect a dataset of image-sentence pairs (in English) consisting of 421 verbs that are either visual or commonly found in the pretraining data (i.e., the Conceptual Captions dataset). We use this dataset to evaluate pretrained image-language transformers and find that they fail more in situations that require verb understanding compared to other parts of speech. We also investigate what category of verbs are particularly challenging.      
### 65.Scaling-up Diverse Orthogonal Convolutional Networks with a Paraunitary Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09121.pdf)
>  Enforcing orthogonality in neural networks is an antidote for gradient vanishing/exploding problems, sensitivity by adversarial perturbation, and bounding generalization errors. However, many previous approaches are heuristic, and the orthogonality of convolutional layers is not systematically studied: some of these designs are not exactly orthogonal, while others only consider standard convolutional layers and propose specific classes of their realizations. To address this problem, we propose a theoretical framework for orthogonal convolutional layers, which establishes the equivalence between various orthogonal convolutional layers in the spatial domain and the paraunitary systems in the spectral domain. Since there exists a complete spectral factorization of paraunitary systems, any orthogonal convolution layer can be parameterized as convolutions of spatial filters. Our framework endows high expressive power to various convolutional layers while maintaining their exact orthogonality. Furthermore, our layers are memory and computationally efficient for deep networks compared to previous designs. Our versatile framework, for the first time, enables the study of architecture designs for deep orthogonal networks, such as choices of skip connection, initialization, stride, and dilation. Consequently, we scale up orthogonal networks to deep architectures, including ResNet, WideResNet, and ShuffleNet, substantially increasing the performance over the traditional shallow orthogonal networks.      
### 66.Regularization of Mixture Models for Robust Principal Graph Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09035.pdf)
>  A regularized version of Mixture Models is proposed to learn a principal graph from a distribution of $D$-dimensional data points. In the particular case of manifold learning for ridge detection, we assume that the underlying manifold can be modeled as a graph structure acting like a topological prior for the Gaussian clusters turning the problem into a maximum a posteriori estimation. Parameters of the model are iteratively estimated through an Expectation-Maximization procedure making the learning of the structure computationally efficient with guaranteed convergence for any graph prior in a polynomial time. We also embed in the formalism a natural way to make the algorithm robust to outliers of the pattern and heteroscedasticity of the manifold sampling coherently with the graph structure. The method uses a graph prior given by the minimum spanning tree that we extend using random sub-samplings of the dataset to take into account cycles that can be observed in the spatial distribution.      
